em	być	aglt:sg:pri:imperf:wok		
eś	być	aglt:sg:sec:imperf:wok		
eście	być	aglt:pl:sec:imperf:wok		
eśmy	być	aglt:pl:pri:imperf:wok		
e	e	interj		
earlach	earl	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earla	earl	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earla	earl	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlami	earl	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earl	earl	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earle	earl	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
earle	earl	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
earle	earl	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earle	earl	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlem	earl	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlom	earl	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlowi	earl	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlowie	earl	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlowie	earl	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlów	earl	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlów	earl	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlu	earl	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
earlu	earl	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistach	ebenista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenista	ebenista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistami	ebenista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistą	ebenista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistę	ebenista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisto	ebenista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistom	ebenista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistów	ebenista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenistów	ebenista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisty	ebenista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisty	ebenista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisty	ebenista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebeniści	ebenista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebeniści	ebenista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebeniście	ebenista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebeniście	ebenista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisteriach	ebenisteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisteria	ebenisteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisteriami	ebenisteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterią	ebenisteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterie	ebenisteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterie	ebenisteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterie	ebenisteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterię	ebenisteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterii	ebenisteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ebenisterii	ebenisteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterii	ebenisteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterii	ebenisteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisterio	ebenisteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisteriom	ebenisteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebenisteryj	ebenisteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
e-biznesach	e-biznes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesami	e-biznes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznes	e-biznes	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznes	e-biznes	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesem	e-biznes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesie	e-biznes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesie	e-biznes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesom	e-biznes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesowi	e-biznes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesów	e-biznes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesu	e-biznes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesy	e-biznes	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesy	e-biznes	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-biznesy	e-biznes	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eblisach	eblis	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisa	eblis	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisa	eblis	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisami	eblis	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblis	eblis	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisem	eblis	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisie	eblis	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisie	eblis	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisom	eblis	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisowi	eblis	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisów	eblis	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisy	eblis	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisy	eblis	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eblisy	eblis	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolach	ebola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolach	ebola	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebola	ebola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebola	ebola	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolami	ebola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolami	ebola	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolą	ebola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolą	ebola	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebole	ebola	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolę	ebola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolę	ebola	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eboli	ebola	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolo	ebola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolo	ebola	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebolom	ebola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebolom	ebola	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebonicie	ebonit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonicie	ebonit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitach	ebonit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitami	ebonit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonit	ebonit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonit	ebonit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitem	ebonit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitom	ebonit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowi	ebonit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitów	ebonit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitu	ebonit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonity	ebonit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonity	ebonit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonity	ebonit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowościach	ebonitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowościami	ebonitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowością	ebonitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowości	ebonitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowościom	ebonitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowość	ebonitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowość	ebonitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebonitowa	ebonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ebonitową	ebonitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ebonitową	ebonitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ebonitowe	ebonitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebonitowe	ebonitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebonitowe	ebonitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowe	ebonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowego	ebonitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ebonitowego	ebonitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowej	ebonitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ebonitowej	ebonitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ebonitowej	ebonitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ebonitowemu	ebonitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowi	ebonitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ebonitowo	ebonitowy	adja		
ebonitowych	ebonitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ebonitowych	ebonitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebonitowych	ebonitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebonitowy	ebonitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ebonitowy	ebonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ebonitowym	ebonitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebonitowym	ebonitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowym	ebonitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebonitowymi	ebonitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-bookach	e-book	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booka	e-book	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booka	e-book	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-bookami	e-book	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-book	e-book	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booki	e-book	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booki	e-book	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booki	e-book	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-bookiem	e-book	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-bookom	e-book	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-bookowi	e-book	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booków	e-book	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booku	e-book	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
e-booku	e-book	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrach	ebuliometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrami	ebuliometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometr	ebuliometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometr	ebuliometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrem	ebuliometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrom	ebuliometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrowi	ebuliometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrów	ebuliometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometru	ebuliometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometry	ebuliometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometry	ebuliometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometry	ebuliometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrze	ebuliometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrze	ebuliometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometriach	ebuliometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometria	ebuliometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometriami	ebuliometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrią	ebuliometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrie	ebuliometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrie	ebuliometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrie	ebuliometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrię	ebuliometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrii	ebuliometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ebuliometrii	ebuliometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrii	ebuliometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrii	ebuliometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrio	ebuliometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometriom	ebuliometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryj	ebuliometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ebuliometrycznościach	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrycznościami	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrycznością	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczności	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometrycznościom	ebuliometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczność	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczność	ebuliometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebuliometryczna	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ebuliometryczną	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ebuliometryczną	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ebuliometryczne	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebuliometryczne	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebuliometryczne	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometryczne	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometrycznego	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ebuliometrycznego	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometrycznej	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ebuliometrycznej	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ebuliometrycznej	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ebuliometrycznemu	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometryczni	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ebuliometryczno	ebuliometryczny	adja		
ebuliometrycznych	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ebuliometrycznych	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebuliometrycznych	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebuliometryczny	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ebuliometryczny	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ebuliometrycznym	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebuliometrycznym	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometrycznym	ebuliometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebuliometrycznymi	ebuliometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopach	ebulioskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopami	ebulioskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskop	ebulioskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskop	ebulioskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopem	ebulioskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopie	ebulioskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopie	ebulioskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopom	ebulioskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowi	ebulioskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopów	ebulioskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopu	ebulioskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopy	ebulioskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopy	ebulioskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopy	ebulioskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopiach	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopia	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopiami	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopią	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopie	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopie	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopie	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopię	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopii	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ebulioskopii	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopii	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopii	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopij	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ebulioskopio	ebulioskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopiom	ebulioskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowościach	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowościami	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowością	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowości	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowościom	ebulioskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowość	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowość	ebulioskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ebulioskopowa	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ebulioskopową	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ebulioskopową	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ebulioskopowe	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopowe	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopowe	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowe	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowego	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ebulioskopowego	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowej	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ebulioskopowej	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ebulioskopowej	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ebulioskopowemu	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowi	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ebulioskopowo	ebulioskopowy	adja		
ebulioskopowych	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ebulioskopowych	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopowych	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopowy	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ebulioskopowy	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ebulioskopowym	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ebulioskopowym	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowym	ebulioskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ebulioskopowymi	ebulioskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-bussinessach	e-bussiness	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessami	e-bussiness	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussiness	e-bussiness	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussiness	e-bussiness	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessem	e-bussiness	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessie	e-bussiness	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessie	e-bussiness	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessom	e-bussiness	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessowi	e-bussiness	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessów	e-bussiness	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessu	e-bussiness	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessy	e-bussiness	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessy	e-bussiness	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-bussinessy	e-bussiness	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ech	ech	interj		
echinach	echin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinami	echin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echin	echin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echin	echin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinem	echin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinie	echin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinie	echin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinom	echin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinowi	echin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinów	echin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinu	echin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echiny	echin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echiny	echin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echiny	echin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusach	echinokaktus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusach	echinokaktus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusa	echinokaktus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusa	echinokaktus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusa	echinokaktus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusami	echinokaktus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusami	echinokaktus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktus	echinokaktus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktus	echinokaktus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktus	echinokaktus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusem	echinokaktus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusem	echinokaktus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusie	echinokaktus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusie	echinokaktus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusie	echinokaktus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusie	echinokaktus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusom	echinokaktus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusom	echinokaktus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusowi	echinokaktus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusowi	echinokaktus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusów	echinokaktus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusów	echinokaktus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
echinokaktusy	echinokaktus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokach	echinokok	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoka	echinokok	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoka	echinokok	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokokami	echinokok	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokok	echinokok	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoki	echinokok	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoki	echinokok	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoki	echinokok	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokokiem	echinokok	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokokom	echinokok	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokokowi	echinokok	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoków	echinokok	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoku	echinokok	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokoku	echinokok	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|zool.
echinokokozach	echinokokoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokoza	echinokokoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozami	echinokokoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozą	echinokokoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokoz	echinokokoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozę	echinokokoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozie	echinokokoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozie	echinokokoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozo	echinokokoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozom	echinokokoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozy	echinokokoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozy	echinokokoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozy	echinokokoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinokokozy	echinokokoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echinusach	echinus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusa	echinus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusami	echinus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinus	echinus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinus	echinus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusem	echinus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusie	echinus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusie	echinus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusom	echinus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusowi	echinus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusów	echinus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusy	echinus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusy	echinus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echinusy	echinus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echach	echo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echa	echo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echa	echo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echa	echo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echa	echo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echami	echo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ech	echo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echem	echo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echo	echo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echo	echo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echo	echo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echom	echo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echu	echo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echu	echo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografach	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografami	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograf	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograf	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografem	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografie	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografie	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografom	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografowi	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografów	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografu	echoencefalograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografy	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografy	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografy	echoencefalograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografiach	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografia	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografiami	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografią	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografie	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografie	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografie	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografię	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografii	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echoencefalografii	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografii	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografii	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografij	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echoencefalografio	echoencefalografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalografiom	echoencefalografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficznościach	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficznościami	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficznością	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzności	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficznościom	echoencefalograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzność	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzność	echoencefalograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalograficzna	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
echoencefalograficzną	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
echoencefalograficzną	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
echoencefalograficzne	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalograficzne	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalograficzne	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficzne	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficznego	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
echoencefalograficznego	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficznej	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
echoencefalograficznej	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
echoencefalograficznej	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
echoencefalograficznemu	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficzni	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
echoencefalograficzno	echoencefalograficzny	adja		
echoencefalograficznych	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
echoencefalograficznych	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalograficznych	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalograficzny	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
echoencefalograficzny	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
echoencefalograficznym	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalograficznym	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficznym	echoencefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echoencefalograficznymi	echoencefalograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echoencefalogramach	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramami	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogram	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogram	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramem	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramie	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramie	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramom	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramowi	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramów	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramu	echoencefalogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramy	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramy	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefalogramy	echoencefalogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopach	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopami	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskop	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskop	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopem	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopie	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopie	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopom	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopowi	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopów	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopu	echoencefaloskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopy	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopy	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoencefaloskopy	echoencefaloskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogenicznościach	echogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogenicznościami	echogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogenicznością	echogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczności	echogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogenicznościom	echogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczność	echogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczność	echogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogeniczna	echogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
echogeniczną	echogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
echogeniczną	echogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
echogeniczne	echogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echogeniczne	echogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echogeniczne	echogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
echogeniczne	echogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
echogenicznego	echogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
echogenicznego	echogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echogenicznej	echogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
echogenicznej	echogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
echogenicznej	echogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
echogenicznemu	echogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echogeniczni	echogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
echogeniczno	echogeniczny	adja		
echogenicznych	echogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
echogenicznych	echogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echogenicznych	echogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echogeniczny	echogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
echogeniczny	echogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
echogenicznym	echogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echogenicznym	echogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echogenicznym	echogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echogenicznymi	echogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echografach	echograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografami	echograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echograf	echograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echograf	echograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografem	echograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografie	echograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografie	echograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografom	echograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografowi	echograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografów	echograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografu	echograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografy	echograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografy	echograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografy	echograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echografiach	echografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografia	echografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografiami	echografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografią	echografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografie	echografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografie	echografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografie	echografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografię	echografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografii	echografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echografii	echografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografii	echografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografii	echografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografij	echografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echografio	echografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echografiom	echografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echogramach	echogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramami	echogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogram	echogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogram	echogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramem	echogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramie	echogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramie	echogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramom	echogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramowi	echogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramów	echogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramu	echogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramy	echogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramy	echogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echogramy	echogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografach	echokardiograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografami	echokardiograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiograf	echokardiograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiograf	echokardiograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografem	echokardiograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografie	echokardiograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografie	echokardiograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografom	echokardiograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografowi	echokardiograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografów	echokardiograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografu	echokardiograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografy	echokardiograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografy	echokardiograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografy	echokardiograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografiach	echokardiografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografia	echokardiografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografiami	echokardiografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografią	echokardiografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografie	echokardiografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografie	echokardiografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografie	echokardiografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografię	echokardiografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografii	echokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echokardiografii	echokardiografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografii	echokardiografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografii	echokardiografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografij	echokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echokardiografio	echokardiografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiografiom	echokardiografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramach	echokardiogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramami	echokardiogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogram	echokardiogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogram	echokardiogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramem	echokardiogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramie	echokardiogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramie	echokardiogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramom	echokardiogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramowi	echokardiogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramów	echokardiogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramu	echokardiogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramy	echokardiogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramy	echokardiogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echokardiogramy	echokardiogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolaliach	echolalia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalia	echolalia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolaliami	echolalia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalią	echolalia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalie	echolalia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalie	echolalia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalie	echolalia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalię	echolalia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalii	echolalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echolalii	echolalia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalii	echolalia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalii	echolalia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolalij	echolalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echolalio	echolalia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolaliom	echolalia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacjach	echolokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacja	echolokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacjami	echolokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacją	echolokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacje	echolokacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacje	echolokacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacje	echolokacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokację	echolokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacji	echolokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echolokacji	echolokacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacji	echolokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacji	echolokacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacjo	echolokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacjom	echolokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyj	echolokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echolokacyjnościach	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjnościami	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjnością	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjności	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjnościom	echolokacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjność	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjność	echolokacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echolokacyjna	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
echolokacyjną	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
echolokacyjną	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
echolokacyjne	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echolokacyjne	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echolokacyjne	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjne	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjnego	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
echolokacyjnego	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjnej	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
echolokacyjnej	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
echolokacyjnej	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
echolokacyjnemu	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjni	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
echolokacyjno	echolokacyjny	adja		
echolokacyjnych	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
echolokacyjnych	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echolokacyjnych	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echolokacyjny	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
echolokacyjny	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
echolokacyjnym	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echolokacyjnym	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjnym	echolokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echolokacyjnymi	echolokacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echolokatorach	echolokator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatora	echolokator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorami	echolokator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokator	echolokator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokator	echolokator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorem	echolokator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorom	echolokator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorowi	echolokator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorów	echolokator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatory	echolokator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatory	echolokator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatory	echolokator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorze	echolokator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolokatorze	echolokator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolocie	echolot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolocie	echolot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotach	echolot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotami	echolot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolot	echolot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolot	echolot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotem	echolot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotom	echolot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotowi	echolot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotów	echolot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echolotu	echolot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoloty	echolot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoloty	echolot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echoloty	echolot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrach	echometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrami	echometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometr	echometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometr	echometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrem	echometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrom	echometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrowi	echometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrów	echometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometru	echometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometry	echometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometry	echometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometry	echometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrze	echometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometrze	echometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echometriach	echometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometria	echometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometriami	echometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrią	echometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrie	echometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrie	echometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrie	echometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrię	echometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrii	echometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echometrii	echometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrii	echometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrii	echometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometrio	echometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometriom	echometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echometryj	echometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echomierzach	echomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzach	echomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierza	echomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierza	echomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzami	echomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzami	echomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierz	echomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierz	echomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierz	echomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierz	echomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierze	echomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzem	echomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzem	echomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzom	echomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzom	echomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzowi	echomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzowi	echomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzów	echomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzu	echomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzu	echomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzu	echomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomierzu	echomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
echomierzy	echomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
echomimiach	echomimia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimia	echomimia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimiami	echomimia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimią	echomimia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimie	echomimia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimie	echomimia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimie	echomimia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimię	echomimia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimii	echomimia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echomimii	echomimia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimii	echomimia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimii	echomimia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimij	echomimia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echomimio	echomimia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echomimiom	echomimia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksjach	echopraksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksja	echopraksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksjami	echopraksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksją	echopraksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksje	echopraksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksje	echopraksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksje	echopraksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksję	echopraksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksji	echopraksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
echopraksji	echopraksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksji	echopraksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksji	echopraksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksjo	echopraksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksjom	echopraksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echopraksyj	echopraksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
echosondach	echosonda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosonda	echosonda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondami	echosonda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondą	echosonda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosond	echosonda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondę	echosonda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondo	echosonda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondom	echosonda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondy	echosonda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondy	echosonda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondy	echosonda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondy	echosonda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondzie	echosonda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echosondzie	echosonda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowo	echowo	adv:pos		
echowościach	echowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowościami	echowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowością	echowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowości	echowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowościom	echowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowość	echowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowość	echowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
echowa	echowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
echową	echowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
echową	echowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
echowe	echowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echowe	echowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
echowe	echowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
echowe	echowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
echowego	echowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
echowego	echowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echowej	echowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
echowej	echowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
echowej	echowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
echowemu	echowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echowi	echowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
echowo	echowy	adja		
echowych	echowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
echowych	echowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echowych	echowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echowy	echowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
echowy	echowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
echowym	echowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
echowym	echowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echowym	echowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
echowymi	echowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecstasy	ecstasy	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecu	ecu	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
ecydiosporach	ecydiospor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporami	ecydiospor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiospor	ecydiospor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiospor	ecydiospor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporem	ecydiospor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporom	ecydiospor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporowi	ecydiospor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporów	ecydiospor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporu	ecydiospor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiospory	ecydiospor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiospory	ecydiospor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiospory	ecydiospor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporze	ecydiospor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiosporze	ecydiospor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiach	ecydium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydia	ecydium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydia	ecydium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydia	ecydium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiami	ecydium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiom	ecydium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydiów	ecydium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ecydium	ecydium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eczeweriach	eczeweria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczeweria	eczeweria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczeweriami	eczeweria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerią	eczeweria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerie	eczeweria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerie	eczeweria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerie	eczeweria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerię	eczeweria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerii	eczeweria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eczewerii	eczeweria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerii	eczeweria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerii	eczeweria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczewerio	eczeweria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczeweriom	eczeweria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eczeweryj	eczeweria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
edaficznościach	edaficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficznościami	edaficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficznością	edaficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzności	edaficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficznościom	edaficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzność	edaficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzność	edaficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edaficzna	edaficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edaficzną	edaficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edaficzną	edaficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edaficzne	edaficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edaficzne	edaficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edaficzne	edaficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edaficzne	edaficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edaficznego	edaficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edaficznego	edaficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edaficznej	edaficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edaficznej	edaficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edaficznej	edaficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edaficznemu	edaficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edaficzni	edaficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edaficzno	edaficzny	adja		
edaficznych	edaficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edaficznych	edaficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edaficznych	edaficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edaficzny	edaficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edaficzny	edaficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edaficznym	edaficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edaficznym	edaficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edaficznym	edaficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edaficznymi	edaficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edafonach	edafon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonami	edafon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafon	edafon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafon	edafon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonem	edafon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonie	edafon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonie	edafon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonom	edafon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonowi	edafon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonów	edafon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafonu	edafon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafony	edafon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafony	edafon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edafony	edafon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edamscy	edamski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edamska	edamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edamską	edamski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edamską	edamski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edamskich	edamski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edamskich	edamski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edamskich	edamski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edamski	edamski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edamski	edamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edamskie	edamski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edamskie	edamski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edamskie	edamski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edamskie	edamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edamskiego	edamski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edamskiego	edamski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edamskiej	edamski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edamskiej	edamski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edamskiej	edamski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edamskiemu	edamski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edamskim	edamski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edamskim	edamski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edamskim	edamski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edamskimi	edamski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edamsko	edamski	adja		
edamsku	edamski	adjp		
edamsko	edamsko	adv:pos		
edamskościach	edamskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskościami	edamskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskością	edamskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskości	edamskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskościom	edamskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskość	edamskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edamskość	edamskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edenach	eden	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenami	eden	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eden	eden	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eden	eden	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenem	eden	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenie	eden	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenie	eden	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenom	eden	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenowi	eden	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenów	eden	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edenu	eden	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edeny	eden	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edeny	eden	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edeny	eden	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edeńscy	edeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edeńska	edeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edeńską	edeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edeńską	edeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edeńskich	edeński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edeńskich	edeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edeńskich	edeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edeński	edeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edeński	edeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edeńskie	edeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edeńskie	edeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edeńskie	edeński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edeńskie	edeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edeńskiego	edeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edeńskiego	edeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edeńskiej	edeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edeńskiej	edeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edeńskiej	edeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edeńskiemu	edeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edeńskim	edeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edeńskim	edeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edeńskim	edeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edeńskimi	edeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edeńsko	edeński	adja		
edeńsku	edeński	adjp		
edeńsko	edeńsko	adv:pos		
edeńskościach	edeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskościami	edeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskością	edeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskości	edeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskościom	edeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskość	edeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edeńskość	edeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edometrach	edometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrami	edometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometr	edometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometr	edometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrem	edometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrom	edometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrowi	edometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrów	edometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometru	edometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometry	edometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometry	edometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometry	edometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrze	edometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edometrze	edometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edomiccy	edomicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edomicka	edomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edomicką	edomicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edomicką	edomicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edomickich	edomicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edomickich	edomicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomickich	edomicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomicki	edomicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edomicki	edomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edomickie	edomicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edomickie	edomicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edomickie	edomicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edomickie	edomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edomickiego	edomicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edomickiego	edomicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomickiej	edomicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edomickiej	edomicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edomickiej	edomicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edomickiemu	edomicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomickim	edomicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomickim	edomicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomickim	edomicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomickimi	edomicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomicko	edomicki	adja		
edomicku	edomicki	adjp		
edomicko	edomicko	adv:pos		
edomickościach	edomickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickościami	edomickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickością	edomickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickości	edomickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickościom	edomickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickość	edomickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomickość	edomickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomscy	edomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edomska	edomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edomską	edomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edomską	edomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edomskich	edomski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edomskich	edomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomskich	edomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomski	edomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edomski	edomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edomskie	edomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edomskie	edomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edomskie	edomski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edomskie	edomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edomskiego	edomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edomskiego	edomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomskiej	edomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edomskiej	edomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edomskiej	edomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edomskiemu	edomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomskim	edomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomskim	edomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomskim	edomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edomskimi	edomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edomsko	edomski	adja		
edomsku	edomski	adjp		
edomsko	edomsko	adv:pos		
edomskościach	edomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskościami	edomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskością	edomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskości	edomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskościom	edomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskość	edomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edomskość	edomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowościach	edredonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowościami	edredonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowością	edredonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowości	edredonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowościom	edredonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowość	edredonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowość	edredonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowa	edredonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edredonową	edredonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edredonową	edredonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edredonowe	edredonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edredonowe	edredonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edredonowe	edredonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edredonowe	edredonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edredonowego	edredonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edredonowego	edredonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edredonowej	edredonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edredonowej	edredonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edredonowej	edredonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edredonowemu	edredonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edredonowi	edredonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edredonowo	edredonowy	adja		
edredonowych	edredonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edredonowych	edredonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edredonowych	edredonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edredonowy	edredonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edredonowy	edredonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edredonowym	edredonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edredonowym	edredonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edredonowym	edredonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edredonowymi	edredonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edredonach	edredon:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredona	edredon:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredona	edredon:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonami	edredon:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredon	edredon:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonem	edredon:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonie	edredon:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonie	edredon:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonom	edredon:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowi	edredon:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonów	edredon:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edredonach	edredon:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonami	edredon:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredon	edredon:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredon	edredon:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonem	edredon:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonie	edredon:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonie	edredon:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonom	edredon:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonowi	edredon:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonów	edredon:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredonu	edredon:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edredony	edredon:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjach	edukacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacja	edukacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjami	edukacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacją	edukacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacje	edukacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacje	edukacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacje	edukacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukację	edukacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacji	edukacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
edukacji	edukacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacji	edukacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacji	edukacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjo	edukacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjom	edukacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyj	edukacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
edukacjonizmach	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmami	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizm	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizm	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmem	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmie	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmie	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmom	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmowi	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmów	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmu	edukacjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmy	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmy	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacjonizmy	edukacjonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjnie	edukacyjnie	adv:pos		
edukacyjnościach	edukacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjnościami	edukacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjnością	edukacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjności	edukacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjnościom	edukacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjność	edukacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjność	edukacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edukacyjna	edukacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edukacyjną	edukacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edukacyjną	edukacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edukacyjne	edukacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edukacyjne	edukacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edukacyjne	edukacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjne	edukacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjnego	edukacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edukacyjnego	edukacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjnej	edukacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edukacyjnej	edukacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edukacyjnej	edukacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edukacyjnemu	edukacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjni	edukacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edukacyjno	edukacyjny	adja		
edukacyjnych	edukacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edukacyjnych	edukacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edukacyjnych	edukacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edukacyjny	edukacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edukacyjny	edukacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edukacyjnym	edukacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edukacyjnym	edukacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjnym	edukacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edukacyjnymi	edukacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edukatorach	edukator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatora	edukator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatora	edukator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorami	edukator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukator	edukator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorem	edukator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorom	edukator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorowi	edukator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorów	edukator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorów	edukator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatory	edukator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edukatory	edukator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorze	edukator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorze	edukator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorzy	edukator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukatorzy	edukator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edukować	edukować	inf:imperf		przest.
edukowaliby	edukować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowalibyście	edukować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowalibyśmy	edukować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowali	edukować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
edukowali	edukować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowaliście	edukować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowaliśmy	edukować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałaby	edukować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałabym	edukować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałabyś	edukować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowała	edukować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
edukowała	edukować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałam	edukować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałaś	edukować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowałby	edukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałbym	edukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałbyś	edukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
edukował	edukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
edukował	edukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałem	edukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałeś	edukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowałoby	edukować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałobym	edukować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałobyś	edukować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowało	edukować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
edukowało	edukować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałom	edukować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowałoś	edukować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowałyby	edukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałybyście	edukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowałybyśmy	edukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowały	edukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
edukowały	edukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
edukowałyście	edukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
edukowałyśmy	edukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
edukowana	edukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
edukowaną	edukować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
edukowane	edukować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukowane	edukować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukowanego	edukować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
edukowanego	edukować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukowanej	edukować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
edukowanemu	edukować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukowaniach	edukować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowania	edukować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowania	edukować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowaniami	edukować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowani	edukować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edukowanie	edukować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowaniem	edukować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowaniom	edukować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowaniu	edukować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
edukowano	edukować	imps:imperf		przest.
edukowanych	edukować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edukowanych	edukować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukowany	edukować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
edukowany	edukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
edukowanym	edukować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukowanym	edukować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukowanymi	edukować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukowań	edukować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
edukująca	edukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
edukującą	edukować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
edukując	edukować	pcon:imperf		przest.
edukujące	edukować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukujące	edukować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukującego	edukować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
edukującego	edukować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukującej	edukować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
edukującemu	edukować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukująco	edukować	pacta		
edukujących	edukować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edukujących	edukować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukujący	edukować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edukujący	edukować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
edukujący	edukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
edukującym	edukować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukującym	edukować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edukującymi	edukować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edukują	edukować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
edukujcie	edukować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
edukujecie	edukować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
edukuj	edukować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
edukuje	edukować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
edukujemy	edukować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
edukujesz	edukować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
edukuję	edukować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
edukujmy	edukować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
edukcie	edukt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukcie	edukt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktach	edukt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktami	edukt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukt	edukt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukt	edukt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktem	edukt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktom	edukt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktowi	edukt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktów	edukt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eduktu	edukt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukty	edukt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukty	edukt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edukty	edukt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
edycjach	edycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycja	edycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycjami	edycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycją	edycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycje	edycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycje	edycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycje	edycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycję	edycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycji	edycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
edycji	edycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycji	edycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycji	edycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycjo	edycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycjom	edycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyj	edycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
edycyjnościach	edycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjnościami	edycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjnością	edycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjności	edycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjnościom	edycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjność	edycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjność	edycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edycyjna	edycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edycyjną	edycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edycyjną	edycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edycyjne	edycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edycyjne	edycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edycyjne	edycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edycyjne	edycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edycyjnego	edycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edycyjnego	edycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edycyjnej	edycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edycyjnej	edycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edycyjnej	edycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edycyjnemu	edycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edycyjni	edycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edycyjno	edycyjny	adja		
edycyjnych	edycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edycyjnych	edycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edycyjnych	edycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edycyjny	edycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edycyjny	edycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edycyjnym	edycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edycyjnym	edycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edycyjnym	edycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edycyjnymi	edycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edykcie	edykt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykcie	edykt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktach	edykt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktami	edykt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykt	edykt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykt	edykt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktem	edykt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktom	edykt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktowi	edykt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktów	edykt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edyktu	edykt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykty	edykt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykty	edykt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edykty	edykt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylach	edyl	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edyla	edyl	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edyla	edyl	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylami	edyl	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edyl	edyl	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edyle	edyl	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edyle	edyl	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edyle	edyl	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edyle	edyl	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylem	edyl	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylom	edyl	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylowi	edyl	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylowie	edyl	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylowie	edyl	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylów	edyl	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylów	edyl	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylu	edyl	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylu	edyl	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edylitecie	edylitet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitecie	edylitet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetach	edylitet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetami	edylitet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitet	edylitet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitet	edylitet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetem	edylitet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetom	edylitet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetowi	edylitet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetów	edylitet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitetu	edylitet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitety	edylitet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitety	edylitet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edylitety	edylitet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
edynburscy	edynburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edynburska	edynburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edynburską	edynburski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edynburską	edynburski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edynburskich	edynburski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edynburskich	edynburski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edynburskich	edynburski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edynburski	edynburski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edynburski	edynburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edynburskie	edynburski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edynburskie	edynburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edynburskie	edynburski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edynburskie	edynburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edynburskiego	edynburski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edynburskiego	edynburski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edynburskiej	edynburski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edynburskiej	edynburski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edynburskiej	edynburski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edynburskiemu	edynburski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edynburskim	edynburski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edynburskim	edynburski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edynburskim	edynburski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edynburskimi	edynburski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edynbursko	edynburski	adja		
edynbursku	edynburski	adjp		
edynbursko	edynbursko	adv:pos		
edynburskościach	edynburskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskościami	edynburskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskością	edynburskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskości	edynburskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskościom	edynburskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskość	edynburskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edynburskość	edynburskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalnościach	edypalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalnościami	edypalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalnością	edypalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalności	edypalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalnościom	edypalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalność	edypalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalność	edypalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypalna	edypalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edypalną	edypalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edypalną	edypalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edypalne	edypalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edypalne	edypalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edypalne	edypalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edypalne	edypalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edypalnego	edypalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edypalnego	edypalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypalnej	edypalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edypalnej	edypalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edypalnej	edypalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edypalnemu	edypalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypalni	edypalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edypalno	edypalny	adja		
edypalnych	edypalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edypalnych	edypalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypalnych	edypalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypalny	edypalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edypalny	edypalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edypalnym	edypalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypalnym	edypalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypalnym	edypalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypalnymi	edypalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypowościach	edypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowościami	edypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowością	edypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowości	edypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowościom	edypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowość	edypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowość	edypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edypowa	edypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edypową	edypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edypową	edypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edypowe	edypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edypowe	edypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edypowe	edypowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edypowe	edypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edypowego	edypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edypowego	edypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypowej	edypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edypowej	edypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edypowej	edypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edypowemu	edypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypowi	edypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edypowo	edypowy	adja		
edypowych	edypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edypowych	edypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypowych	edypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypowy	edypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edypowy	edypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edypowym	edypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edypowym	edypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypowym	edypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edypowymi	edypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edytorach	edytor:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytora	edytor:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorami	edytor:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytor	edytor:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytor	edytor:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorem	edytor:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorom	edytor:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorowi	edytor:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorów	edytor:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytory	edytor:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytory	edytor:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytory	edytor:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorze	edytor:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorze	edytor:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
edytorach	edytor:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytora	edytor:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytora	edytor:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorami	edytor:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytor	edytor:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorem	edytor:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorom	edytor:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorowi	edytor:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorowie	edytor:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorowie	edytor:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorów	edytor:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorów	edytor:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytory	edytor:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edytory	edytor:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorze	edytor:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorze	edytor:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorzy	edytor:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorzy	edytor:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
edytorscy	edytorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
edytorska	edytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
edytorską	edytorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
edytorską	edytorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
edytorskich	edytorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
edytorskich	edytorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edytorskich	edytorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edytorski	edytorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
edytorski	edytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
edytorskie	edytorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edytorskie	edytorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
edytorskie	edytorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
edytorskie	edytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
edytorskiego	edytorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
edytorskiego	edytorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edytorskiej	edytorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
edytorskiej	edytorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
edytorskiej	edytorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
edytorskiemu	edytorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edytorskim	edytorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edytorskim	edytorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edytorskim	edytorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
edytorskimi	edytorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
edytorsko	edytorski	adja		
edytorsku	edytorski	adjp		
edytorsko	edytorsko	adv:pos		
edytorskościach	edytorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskościami	edytorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskością	edytorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskości	edytorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskościom	edytorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskość	edytorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorskość	edytorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwach	edytorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwa	edytorstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwa	edytorstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwa	edytorstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwa	edytorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwami	edytorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstw	edytorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwem	edytorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwie	edytorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwo	edytorstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwo	edytorstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwo	edytorstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwom	edytorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytorstwu	edytorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
edytować	edytować	inf:imperf		
edytowaliby	edytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
edytowalibyście	edytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
edytowalibyśmy	edytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
edytowali	edytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
edytowali	edytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
edytowaliście	edytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
edytowaliśmy	edytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
edytowałaby	edytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
edytowałabym	edytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
edytowałabyś	edytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
edytowała	edytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
edytowała	edytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
edytowałam	edytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
edytowałaś	edytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
edytowałby	edytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
edytowałbym	edytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
edytowałbyś	edytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
edytował	edytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
edytował	edytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
edytowałem	edytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
edytowałeś	edytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
edytowałoby	edytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
edytowałobym	edytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
edytowałobyś	edytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
edytowało	edytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
edytowało	edytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
edytowałom	edytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
edytowałoś	edytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
edytowałyby	edytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
edytowałybyście	edytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
edytowałybyśmy	edytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
edytowały	edytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
edytowały	edytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
edytowałyście	edytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
edytowałyśmy	edytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
edytowana	edytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
edytowaną	edytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
edytowane	edytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytowane	edytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytowanego	edytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
edytowanego	edytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytowanej	edytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
edytowanemu	edytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytowaniach	edytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowania	edytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowania	edytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowaniami	edytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowani	edytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edytowanie	edytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowaniem	edytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowaniom	edytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowaniu	edytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
edytowano	edytować	imps:imperf		
edytowanych	edytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edytowanych	edytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytowany	edytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
edytowany	edytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
edytowanym	edytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytowanym	edytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytowanymi	edytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytowań	edytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
edytująca	edytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
edytującą	edytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
edytując	edytować	pcon:imperf		
edytujące	edytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytujące	edytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytującego	edytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
edytującego	edytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytującej	edytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
edytującemu	edytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytująco	edytować	pacta		
edytujących	edytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edytujących	edytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytujący	edytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
edytujący	edytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
edytujący	edytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
edytującym	edytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytującym	edytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
edytującymi	edytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
edytują	edytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
edytujcie	edytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
edytujecie	edytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
edytuj	edytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
edytuje	edytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
edytujemy	edytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
edytujesz	edytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
edytuję	edytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
edytujmy	edytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ee	ee	interj		
e-e	e-e	interj		
eee	eee	interj		
efebach	efeb	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efeba	efeb	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efeba	efeb	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebami	efeb	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efeb	efeb	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebem	efeb	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebie	efeb	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebie	efeb	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebom	efeb	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebowie	efeb	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebowie	efeb	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebowi	efeb	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebów	efeb	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebów	efeb	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efeby	efeb	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efeby	efeb	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
efebiach	efebia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebia	efebia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebiami	efebia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebią	efebia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebie	efebia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebie	efebia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebie	efebia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebię	efebia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebii	efebia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
efebii	efebia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebii	efebia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebii	efebia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebij	efebia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
efebio	efebia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebiom	efebia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatościach	efebowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatościami	efebowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatością	efebowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatości	efebowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatościom	efebowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatość	efebowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowatość	efebowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efebowaci	efebowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efebowata	efebowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efebowatą	efebowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efebowatą	efebowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efebowate	efebowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efebowate	efebowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efebowate	efebowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efebowate	efebowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efebowatego	efebowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efebowatego	efebowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efebowatej	efebowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efebowatej	efebowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efebowatej	efebowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efebowatemu	efebowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efebowato	efebowaty	adja		
efebowatych	efebowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efebowatych	efebowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efebowatych	efebowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efebowaty	efebowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efebowaty	efebowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efebowatym	efebowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efebowatym	efebowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efebowatym	efebowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efebowatymi	efebowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efedrach	efedra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedra	efedra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrami	efedra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrą	efedra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedr	efedra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrę	efedra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedro	efedra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrom	efedra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedry	efedra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedry	efedra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedry	efedra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedry	efedra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrze	efedra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrze	efedra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynach	efedryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryna	efedryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynami	efedryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryną	efedryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryn	efedryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynę	efedryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynie	efedryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynie	efedryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryno	efedryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedrynom	efedryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryny	efedryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryny	efedryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryny	efedryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efedryny	efedryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarscy	efekciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efekciarska	efekciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efekciarską	efekciarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efekciarską	efekciarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efekciarskich	efekciarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efekciarskich	efekciarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarskich	efekciarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarskie	efekciarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarskie	efekciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarskie	efekciarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efekciarskie	efekciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efekciarski	efekciarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efekciarski	efekciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efekciarskiego	efekciarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efekciarskiego	efekciarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efekciarskiej	efekciarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efekciarskiej	efekciarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efekciarskiej	efekciarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efekciarskiemu	efekciarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efekciarskim	efekciarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarskim	efekciarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efekciarskim	efekciarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efekciarskimi	efekciarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efekciarsko	efekciarski	adja		
efekciarsku	efekciarski	adjp		
efekciarsko	efekciarsko	adv:pos		
efekciarskościach	efekciarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskościami	efekciarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskością	efekciarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskości	efekciarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskościom	efekciarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskość	efekciarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarskość	efekciarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwach	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwa	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwa	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwa	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwa	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwami	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstw	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwem	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwie	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwo	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwo	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwo	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwom	efekciarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarstwu	efekciarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzach	efekciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzach	efekciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarza	efekciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarza	efekciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarza	efekciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarza	efekciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzami	efekciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzami	efekciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarze	efekciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarze	efekciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarze	efekciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarze	efekciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarze	efekciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarze	efekciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarze	efekciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarze	efekciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarz	efekciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarz	efekciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzem	efekciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzem	efekciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzom	efekciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzom	efekciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzowi	efekciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzowi	efekciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzów	efekciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzów	efekciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzu	efekciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzu	efekciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzu	efekciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzu	efekciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
efekciarzy	efekciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekciarzy	efekciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efekcikach	efekcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcikami	efekcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcik	efekcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcik	efekcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciki	efekcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciki	efekcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciki	efekcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcikiem	efekcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcikom	efekcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcikowi	efekcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcików	efekcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciku	efekcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciku	efekcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekciku	efekcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcie	efekt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcie	efekt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekcie	efekt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekcie	efekt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektach	efekt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektach	efekt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekta	efekt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekta	efekt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekta	efekt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektami	efekt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektami	efekt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekt	efekt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekt	efekt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekt	efekt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekt	efekt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektem	efekt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektem	efekt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektom	efekt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektom	efekt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowi	efekt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektowi	efekt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektów	efekt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektów	efekt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektu	efekt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektu	efekt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efekty	efekt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekty	efekt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efekty	efekt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektacjach	efektacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacja	efektacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacjami	efektacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacją	efektacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacje	efektacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacje	efektacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacje	efektacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektację	efektacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacji	efektacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
efektacji	efektacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacji	efektacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacji	efektacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacjo	efektacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacjom	efektacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
efektacyj	efektacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
efektorach	efektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektora	efektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorami	efektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektor	efektor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektor	efektor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorem	efektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorom	efektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorowi	efektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorów	efektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektory	efektor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektory	efektor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektory	efektor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorze	efektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektorze	efektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efektować	efektować	inf:imperf		przest.
efektowaliby	efektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowalibyście	efektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowalibyśmy	efektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowali	efektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
efektowali	efektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowaliście	efektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowaliśmy	efektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałaby	efektować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałabym	efektować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałabyś	efektować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowała	efektować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
efektowała	efektować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałam	efektować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałaś	efektować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowałby	efektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałbym	efektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałbyś	efektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
efektował	efektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
efektował	efektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałem	efektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałeś	efektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowałoby	efektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałobym	efektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałobyś	efektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowało	efektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
efektowało	efektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałom	efektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowałoś	efektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowałyby	efektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałybyście	efektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowałybyśmy	efektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowały	efektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
efektowały	efektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
efektowałyście	efektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
efektowałyśmy	efektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
efektowaniach	efektować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowania	efektować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowania	efektować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowaniami	efektować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowanie	efektować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowaniem	efektować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowaniom	efektować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowaniu	efektować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
efektowano	efektować	imps:imperf		przest.
efektowań	efektować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
efektująca	efektować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
efektującą	efektować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
efektujące	efektować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
efektujące	efektować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
efektując	efektować	pcon:imperf		przest.
efektującego	efektować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
efektującego	efektować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
efektującej	efektować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
efektującemu	efektować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
efektująco	efektować	pacta		
efektujących	efektować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
efektujących	efektować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
efektujący	efektować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
efektujący	efektować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
efektujący	efektować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
efektującym	efektować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
efektującym	efektować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
efektującymi	efektować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
efektują	efektować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
efektujcie	efektować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
efektujecie	efektować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
efektuje	efektować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
efektuj	efektować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
efektujemy	efektować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
efektujesz	efektować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
efektuję	efektować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
efektujmy	efektować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
efektownie	efektownie	adv:pos		
efektowniej	efektownie	adv:com		
efektownościach	efektowność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownościami	efektowność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownością	efektowność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownościom	efektowność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowność	efektowność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowność	efektowność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownościach	efektowność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownościami	efektowność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownością	efektowność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowności	efektowność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektownościom	efektowność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowność	efektowność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowność	efektowność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektowna	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efektowną	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efektowną	efektowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efektowne	efektowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektowne	efektowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektowne	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efektowne	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efektownego	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efektownego	efektowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektownej	efektowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efektownej	efektowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efektownej	efektowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efektownemu	efektowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektowni	efektowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efektowniejsi	efektowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
efektowniejsza	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
efektowniejszą	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
efektowniejszą	efektowny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
efektowniejsze	efektowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
efektowniejsze	efektowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
efektowniejsze	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
efektowniejsze	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
efektowniejszego	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
efektowniejszego	efektowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektowniejszej	efektowny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
efektowniejszej	efektowny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
efektowniejszej	efektowny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
efektowniejszemu	efektowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektowniejszych	efektowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
efektowniejszych	efektowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektowniejszych	efektowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektowniejszy	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
efektowniejszy	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
efektowniejszym	efektowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektowniejszym	efektowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektowniejszym	efektowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektowniejszymi	efektowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektowno	efektowny	adja		
efektownych	efektowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efektownych	efektowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektownych	efektowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektowny	efektowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efektowny	efektowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efektownym	efektowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektownym	efektowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektownym	efektowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektownymi	efektowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektowościach	efektowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowościami	efektowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowością	efektowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowości	efektowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowościom	efektowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowość	efektowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowość	efektowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efektowa	efektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
efektową	efektowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
efektową	efektowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
efektowe	efektowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektowe	efektowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektowe	efektowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowe	efektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowego	efektowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
efektowego	efektowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowej	efektowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
efektowej	efektowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
efektowej	efektowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
efektowemu	efektowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowi	efektowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
efektowo	efektowy	adja		przest.
efektowych	efektowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
efektowych	efektowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektowych	efektowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektowy	efektowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
efektowy	efektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
efektowym	efektowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektowym	efektowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowym	efektowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
efektowymi	efektowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
efektywnie	efektywnie	adv:pos		
efektywniej	efektywnie	adv:com		
efektywnościowościach	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowościami	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowością	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowości	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowościom	efektywnościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowość	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowość	efektywnościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościowa	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efektywnościową	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efektywnościową	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efektywnościowe	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościowe	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościowe	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowe	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowego	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efektywnościowego	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowej	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efektywnościowej	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efektywnościowej	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efektywnościowemu	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowi	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efektywnościowo	efektywnościowy	adja		
efektywnościowych	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efektywnościowych	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościowych	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościowy	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efektywnościowy	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efektywnościowym	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościowym	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowym	efektywnościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnościowymi	efektywnościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnościach	efektywność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościami	efektywność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnością	efektywność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościom	efektywność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywność	efektywność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywność	efektywność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościach	efektywność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościami	efektywność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnością	efektywność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywności	efektywność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywnościom	efektywność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywność	efektywność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywność	efektywność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efektywna	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efektywną	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efektywną	efektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efektywne	efektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektywne	efektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efektywne	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efektywne	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efektywnego	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efektywnego	efektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnej	efektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efektywnej	efektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efektywnej	efektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efektywnemu	efektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywni	efektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efektywniejsi	efektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
efektywniejsza	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
efektywniejszą	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
efektywniejszą	efektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
efektywniejsze	efektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
efektywniejsze	efektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
efektywniejsze	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
efektywniejsze	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
efektywniejszego	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
efektywniejszego	efektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektywniejszej	efektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
efektywniejszej	efektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
efektywniejszej	efektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
efektywniejszemu	efektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektywniejszych	efektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
efektywniejszych	efektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektywniejszych	efektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektywniejszy	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
efektywniejszy	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
efektywniejszym	efektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektywniejszym	efektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektywniejszym	efektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
efektywniejszymi	efektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
efektywno	efektywny	adja		
efektywnych	efektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efektywnych	efektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnych	efektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywny	efektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efektywny	efektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efektywnym	efektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efektywnym	efektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnym	efektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efektywnymi	efektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerach	efemera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemera	efemera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerami	efemera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerą	efemera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemer	efemera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerę	efemera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemero	efemera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerom	efemera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemery	efemera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemery	efemera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemery	efemera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemery	efemera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerze	efemera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemerze	efemera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
efemeroficie	efemerofit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroficie	efemerofit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitach	efemerofit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitami	efemerofit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofit	efemerofit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofit	efemerofit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitem	efemerofit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitom	efemerofit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitowi	efemerofit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitów	efemerofit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofitu	efemerofit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofity	efemerofit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofity	efemerofit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerofity	efemerofit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidach	efemeroid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidami	efemeroid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroid	efemeroid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroid	efemeroid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidem	efemeroid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidom	efemeroid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidowi	efemeroid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidów	efemeroid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidu	efemeroid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidy	efemeroid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidy	efemeroid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidy	efemeroid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidzie	efemeroid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeroidzie	efemeroid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemerycznie	efemerycznie	adv:pos		
efemerycznościach	efemeryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerycznościami	efemeryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerycznością	efemeryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczności	efemeryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerycznościom	efemeryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczność	efemeryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczność	efemeryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryczna	efemeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efemeryczną	efemeryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efemeryczną	efemeryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efemeryczne	efemeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efemeryczne	efemeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efemeryczne	efemeryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efemeryczne	efemeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efemerycznego	efemeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efemerycznego	efemeryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerycznej	efemeryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efemerycznej	efemeryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efemerycznej	efemeryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efemerycznemu	efemeryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemeryczni	efemeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efemeryczno	efemeryczny	adja		
efemerycznych	efemeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efemerycznych	efemeryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerycznych	efemeryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemeryczny	efemeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efemeryczny	efemeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efemerycznym	efemeryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerycznym	efemeryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerycznym	efemeryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerycznymi	efemeryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydach	efemeryda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryda	efemeryda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydami	efemeryda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydą	efemeryda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryd	efemeryda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydę	efemeryda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydo	efemeryda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydom	efemeryda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydy	efemeryda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydy	efemeryda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydy	efemeryda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydy	efemeryda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydzie	efemeryda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydzie	efemeryda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalnie	efemerydalnie	adv:pos		
efemerydalnościach	efemerydalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalnościami	efemerydalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalnością	efemerydalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalności	efemerydalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalnościom	efemerydalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalność	efemerydalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalność	efemerydalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efemerydalna	efemerydalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efemerydalną	efemerydalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efemerydalną	efemerydalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efemerydalne	efemerydalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydalne	efemerydalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydalne	efemerydalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalne	efemerydalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalnego	efemerydalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efemerydalnego	efemerydalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalnej	efemerydalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efemerydalnej	efemerydalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efemerydalnej	efemerydalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efemerydalnemu	efemerydalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalni	efemerydalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efemerydalno	efemerydalny	adja		
efemerydalnych	efemerydalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efemerydalnych	efemerydalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydalnych	efemerydalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydalny	efemerydalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efemerydalny	efemerydalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efemerydalnym	efemerydalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydalnym	efemerydalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalnym	efemerydalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efemerydalnymi	efemerydalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efemerydach	efemerydy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemerydami	efemerydy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemeryd	efemerydy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemerydom	efemerydy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemerydy	efemerydy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemerydy	efemerydy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemerydy	efemerydy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	astron.
efemeryzmach	efemeryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmami	efemeryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzm	efemeryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzm	efemeryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmem	efemeryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmie	efemeryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmie	efemeryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmom	efemeryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmowi	efemeryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmów	efemeryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmu	efemeryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmy	efemeryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmy	efemeryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efemeryzmy	efemeryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efendich	efendi	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendich	efendi	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendich	efendi	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendie	efendi	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efendie	efendi	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efendi	efendi	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendi	efendi	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendiego	efendi	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendiego	efendi	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendiemu	efendi	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendim	efendi	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendim	efendi	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendim	efendi	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendimi	efendi	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendiowie	efendi	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efendiowie	efendi	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efescy	efeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efeska	efeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efeską	efeski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efeską	efeski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efeskich	efeski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efeskich	efeski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efeskich	efeski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efeskie	efeski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efeskie	efeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efeskie	efeski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efeskie	efeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efeski	efeski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efeski	efeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efeskiego	efeski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efeskiego	efeski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efeskiej	efeski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efeskiej	efeski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efeskiej	efeski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efeskiemu	efeski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efeskim	efeski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efeskim	efeski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efeskim	efeski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efeskimi	efeski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efesko	efeski	adja		
efesku	efeski	adjp		
efesko	efesko	adv:pos		
efeskościach	efeskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskościami	efeskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskością	efeskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskości	efeskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskościom	efeskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskość	efeskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efeskość	efeskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanach	efezjanin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanami	efezjanin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjan	efezjanin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjan	efezjanin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanie	efezjanin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanie	efezjanin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanina	efezjanin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanina	efezjanin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanin	efezjanin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjaninem	efezjanin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjaninie	efezjanin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjaninie	efezjanin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjaninowi	efezjanin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjanom	efezjanin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efezjany	efezjanin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efezjany	efezjanin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:i	interj		przest.
efimek	efimek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimek	efimek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimkach	efimek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimka	efimek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimkami	efimek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimki	efimek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimki	efimek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimki	efimek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimkiem	efimek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimkom	efimek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimkowi	efimek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimków	efimek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimku	efimek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efimku	efimek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforach	efor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efora	efor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efora	efor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforami	efor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efor	efor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforem	efor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforom	efor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforowie	efor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforowie	efor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforowi	efor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforów	efor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforów	efor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
efory	efor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efory	efor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eforze	efor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforze	efor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eforacie	eforat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforacie	eforat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatach	eforat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatami	eforat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforat	eforat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforat	eforat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatem	eforat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatom	eforat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatowi	eforat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatów	eforat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforatu	eforat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforaty	eforat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforaty	eforat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforaty	eforat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwach	eforstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwa	eforstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwa	eforstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwa	eforstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwa	eforstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwami	eforstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstw	eforstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwem	eforstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwie	eforstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwo	eforstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwo	eforstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwo	eforstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwom	eforstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eforstwu	eforstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimach	efraim	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraima	efraim	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimami	efraim	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraim	efraim	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraim	efraim	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimem	efraim	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimie	efraim	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimie	efraim	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimom	efraim	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimowi	efraim	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimów	efraim	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimu	efraim	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimy	efraim	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimy	efraim	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimy	efraim	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efraimicie	efraimita	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimicie	efraimita	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitach	efraimita	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimita	efraimita	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitami	efraimita	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitą	efraimita	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitę	efraimita	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimito	efraimita	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitom	efraimita	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimitów	efraimita	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimity	efraimita	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimity	efraimita	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimity	efraimita	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimity	efraimita	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
efraimscy	efraimski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efraimska	efraimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efraimską	efraimski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efraimską	efraimski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efraimskich	efraimski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efraimskich	efraimski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efraimskich	efraimski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efraimskie	efraimski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efraimskie	efraimski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efraimskie	efraimski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efraimskie	efraimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efraimski	efraimski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efraimski	efraimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efraimskiego	efraimski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efraimskiego	efraimski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efraimskiej	efraimski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efraimskiej	efraimski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efraimskiej	efraimski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efraimskiemu	efraimski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efraimskim	efraimski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efraimskim	efraimski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efraimskim	efraimski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efraimskimi	efraimski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efraimsko	efraimski	adja		
efraimsku	efraimski	adjp		
efraimsko	efraimsko	adv:pos		
efraimskościach	efraimskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskościami	efraimskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskością	efraimskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskości	efraimskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskościom	efraimskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskość	efraimskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efraimskość	efraimskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteriach	efronteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronteria	efronteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronteriami	efronteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterią	efronteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterie	efronteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterie	efronteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterie	efronteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterię	efronteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterii	efronteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
efronterii	efronteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterii	efronteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterii	efronteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronterio	efronteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronteriom	efronteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
efronteryj	efronteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
efronteryjnościach	efronteryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjnościami	efronteryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjnością	efronteryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjności	efronteryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjnościom	efronteryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjność	efronteryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjność	efronteryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efronteryjna	efronteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efronteryjną	efronteryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efronteryjną	efronteryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efronteryjne	efronteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efronteryjne	efronteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efronteryjne	efronteryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjne	efronteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjnego	efronteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efronteryjnego	efronteryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjnej	efronteryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efronteryjnej	efronteryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efronteryjnej	efronteryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efronteryjnemu	efronteryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjni	efronteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efronteryjno	efronteryjny	adja		
efronteryjnych	efronteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efronteryjnych	efronteryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efronteryjnych	efronteryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efronteryjny	efronteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efronteryjny	efronteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efronteryjnym	efronteryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efronteryjnym	efronteryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjnym	efronteryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efronteryjnymi	efronteryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ef	ef:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
efuzjach	efuzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzja	efuzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzjami	efuzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzją	efuzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzje	efuzja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzje	efuzja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzje	efuzja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzję	efuzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzji	efuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
efuzji	efuzja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzji	efuzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzji	efuzja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzjo	efuzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzjom	efuzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyj	efuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
efuzorach	efuzor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzora	efuzor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorami	efuzor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzor	efuzor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzor	efuzor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorem	efuzor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorom	efuzor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorowi	efuzor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorów	efuzor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzory	efuzor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzory	efuzor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzory	efuzor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorze	efuzor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzorze	efuzor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjnościach	efuzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjnościami	efuzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjnością	efuzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjności	efuzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjnościom	efuzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjność	efuzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjność	efuzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzyjna	efuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efuzyjną	efuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efuzyjną	efuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efuzyjne	efuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efuzyjne	efuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efuzyjne	efuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjne	efuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjnego	efuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efuzyjnego	efuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjnej	efuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efuzyjnej	efuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efuzyjnej	efuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efuzyjnemu	efuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjni	efuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efuzyjno	efuzyjny	adja		
efuzyjnych	efuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efuzyjnych	efuzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzyjnych	efuzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzyjny	efuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efuzyjny	efuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efuzyjnym	efuzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzyjnym	efuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjnym	efuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzyjnymi	efuzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywnościach	efuzywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywnościami	efuzywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywnością	efuzywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywności	efuzywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywnościom	efuzywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywność	efuzywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywność	efuzywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
efuzywna	efuzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
efuzywną	efuzywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
efuzywną	efuzywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
efuzywne	efuzywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywne	efuzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywne	efuzywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
efuzywne	efuzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
efuzywnego	efuzywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
efuzywnego	efuzywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzywnej	efuzywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
efuzywnej	efuzywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
efuzywnej	efuzywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
efuzywnemu	efuzywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzywni	efuzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
efuzywno	efuzywny	adja		
efuzywnych	efuzywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
efuzywnych	efuzywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywnych	efuzywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywny	efuzywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
efuzywny	efuzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
efuzywnym	efuzywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
efuzywnym	efuzywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzywnym	efuzywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
efuzywnymi	efuzywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarnie	egalitarnie	adv:pos		
egalitarnościach	egalitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarnościami	egalitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarnością	egalitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarności	egalitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarnościom	egalitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarność	egalitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarność	egalitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarna	egalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egalitarną	egalitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egalitarną	egalitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egalitarne	egalitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarne	egalitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarne	egalitarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egalitarne	egalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egalitarnego	egalitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egalitarnego	egalitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarnej	egalitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egalitarnej	egalitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egalitarnej	egalitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egalitarnemu	egalitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarni	egalitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egalitarno	egalitarny	adja		
egalitarnych	egalitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egalitarnych	egalitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarnych	egalitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarny	egalitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egalitarny	egalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egalitarnym	egalitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarnym	egalitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarnym	egalitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarnymi	egalitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystycznościach	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystycznościami	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystycznością	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczności	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystycznościom	egalitarystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczność	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczność	egalitarystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitarystyczna	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egalitarystyczną	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egalitarystyczną	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egalitarystyczne	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystyczne	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystyczne	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystyczne	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystycznego	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egalitarystycznego	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystycznej	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egalitarystycznej	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egalitarystycznej	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egalitarystycznemu	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystyczni	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egalitarystyczno	egalitarystyczny	adja		
egalitarystycznych	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egalitarystycznych	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystycznych	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystyczny	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egalitarystyczny	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egalitarystycznym	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitarystycznym	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystycznym	egalitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egalitarystycznymi	egalitarystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egalitaryzacjach	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacja	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacjami	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacją	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacje	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacje	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacje	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzację	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacji	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egalitaryzacji	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacji	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacji	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacjo	egalitaryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacjom	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzacyj	egalitaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egalitaryzmach	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmami	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzm	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzm	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmem	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmie	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmie	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmom	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmowi	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmów	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmu	egalitaryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmy	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmy	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzmy	egalitaryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egalitaryzować	egalitaryzować	inf:imperf		
egalitaryzowaliby	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowalibyście	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowalibyśmy	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowali	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egalitaryzowali	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowaliście	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowaliśmy	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałaby	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałabym	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałabyś	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowała	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egalitaryzowała	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałam	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałaś	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowałby	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałbym	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałbyś	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzował	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egalitaryzował	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałem	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałeś	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowałoby	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałobym	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałobyś	egalitaryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowało	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egalitaryzowało	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałom	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowałoś	egalitaryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowałyby	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałybyście	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowałybyśmy	egalitaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowały	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egalitaryzowały	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzowałyście	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzowałyśmy	egalitaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzowana	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaną	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowane	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowane	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanego	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanego	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanej	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanemu	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaniach	egalitaryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowania	egalitaryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowania	egalitaryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaniami	egalitaryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanie	egalitaryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowani	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaniem	egalitaryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaniom	egalitaryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowaniu	egalitaryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowano	egalitaryzować	imps:imperf		
egalitaryzowanych	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanych	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowany	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowany	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanym	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanym	egalitaryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowanymi	egalitaryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzowań	egalitaryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzująca	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującą	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujące	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujące	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzując	egalitaryzować	pcon:imperf		
egalitaryzującego	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującego	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującej	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującemu	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzująco	egalitaryzować	pacta		
egalitaryzujących	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujących	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujący	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujący	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzujący	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującym	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującym	egalitaryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzującymi	egalitaryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egalitaryzują	egalitaryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzujcie	egalitaryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzujecie	egalitaryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzuje	egalitaryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egalitaryzuj	egalitaryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzujemy	egalitaryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzujesz	egalitaryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egalitaryzuję	egalitaryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egalitaryzujmy	egalitaryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egalizacjach	egalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacja	egalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacjami	egalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacją	egalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacje	egalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacje	egalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacje	egalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizację	egalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacji	egalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egalizacji	egalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacji	egalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacji	egalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacjo	egalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacjom	egalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egalizacyj	egalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egejscy	egejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egejska	egejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egejską	egejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egejską	egejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egejskich	egejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egejskich	egejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egejskich	egejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egejskie	egejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egejskie	egejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egejskie	egejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egejskie	egejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egejski	egejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egejski	egejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egejskiego	egejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egejskiego	egejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egejskiej	egejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egejskiej	egejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egejskiej	egejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egejskiemu	egejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egejskim	egejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egejskim	egejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egejskim	egejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egejskimi	egejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egejsko	egejski	adja		
egejsku	egejski	adjp		
egejsko	egejsko	adv:pos		
egejskościach	egejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskościami	egejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskością	egejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskości	egejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskościom	egejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskość	egejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egejskość	egejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egeriach	egeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egeria	egeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egeriami	egeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerią	egeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerie	egeria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerie	egeria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerie	egeria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerię	egeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerii	egeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egerii	egeria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerii	egeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerii	egeria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egerio	egeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egeriom	egeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egeryj	egeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egidach	egida	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egida	egida	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidami	egida	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidą	egida	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egid	egida	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidę	egida	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egido	egida	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidom	egida	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidy	egida	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidy	egida	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidy	egida	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidy	egida	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidzie	egida	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egidzie	egida	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipscy	egipski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egipska	egipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egipską	egipski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egipską	egipski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egipskich	egipski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egipskich	egipski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egipskich	egipski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egipskie	egipski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egipskie	egipski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egipskie	egipski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egipskie	egipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egipski	egipski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egipski	egipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egipskiego	egipski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egipskiego	egipski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egipskiej	egipski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egipskiej	egipski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egipskiej	egipski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egipskiemu	egipski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egipskim	egipski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egipskim	egipski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egipskim	egipski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egipskimi	egipski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egipsko	egipski	adja		
egipsku	egipski	adjp		
egipsko	egipsko	adv:pos		
egipskościach	egipskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskościami	egipskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskością	egipskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskości	egipskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskościom	egipskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskość	egipskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egipskość	egipskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptolodzy	egiptolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptolodzy	egiptolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologach	egiptolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologa	egiptolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologa	egiptolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologami	egiptolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptolog	egiptolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologi	egiptolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologi	egiptolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiem	egiptolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologom	egiptolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologowie	egiptolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologowie	egiptolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologowi	egiptolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologów	egiptolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologów	egiptolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologu	egiptolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologu	egiptolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiach	egiptologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologia	egiptologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiami	egiptologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologią	egiptologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologie	egiptologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologie	egiptologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologie	egiptologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologię	egiptologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologii	egiptologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egiptologii	egiptologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologii	egiptologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologii	egiptologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologij	egiptologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egiptologio	egiptologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiom	egiptologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologicznościach	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologicznościami	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologicznością	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczności	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologicznościom	egiptologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczność	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczność	egiptologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egiptologiczna	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egiptologiczną	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egiptologiczną	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egiptologiczne	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egiptologiczne	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egiptologiczne	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egiptologiczne	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egiptologicznego	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egiptologicznego	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egiptologicznej	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egiptologicznej	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egiptologicznej	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egiptologicznemu	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egiptologiczni	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egiptologiczno	egiptologiczny	adja		
egiptologicznych	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egiptologicznych	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egiptologicznych	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egiptologiczny	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egiptologiczny	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egiptologicznym	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egiptologicznym	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egiptologicznym	egiptologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egiptologicznymi	egiptologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ego	ego	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ego	ego	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczce	egocentryczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczce	egocentryczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczek	egocentryczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczkach	egocentryczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczka	egocentryczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczkami	egocentryczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczką	egocentryczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczkę	egocentryczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczki	egocentryczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczki	egocentryczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczki	egocentryczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczki	egocentryczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczko	egocentryczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczkom	egocentryczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrycznie	egocentrycznie	adv:pos		
egocentrycznościach	egocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrycznościami	egocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrycznością	egocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczności	egocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrycznościom	egocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczność	egocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczność	egocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryczna	egocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egocentryczną	egocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egocentryczną	egocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egocentryczne	egocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egocentryczne	egocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egocentryczne	egocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egocentryczne	egocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egocentrycznego	egocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egocentrycznego	egocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egocentrycznej	egocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egocentrycznej	egocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egocentrycznej	egocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egocentrycznemu	egocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egocentryczni	egocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egocentryczno	egocentryczny	adja		
egocentrycznych	egocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egocentrycznych	egocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egocentrycznych	egocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egocentryczny	egocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egocentryczny	egocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egocentrycznym	egocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egocentrycznym	egocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egocentrycznym	egocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egocentrycznymi	egocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egocentrycy	egocentryk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrycy	egocentryk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrykach	egocentryk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryka	egocentryk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryka	egocentryk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrykami	egocentryk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryk	egocentryk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryki	egocentryk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryki	egocentryk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrykiem	egocentryk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrykom	egocentryk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentrykowi	egocentryk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryków	egocentryk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryków	egocentryk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryku	egocentryk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryku	egocentryk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmach	egocentryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmami	egocentryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzm	egocentryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzm	egocentryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmem	egocentryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmie	egocentryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmie	egocentryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmom	egocentryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmowi	egocentryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmów	egocentryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmu	egocentryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmy	egocentryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmy	egocentryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egocentryzmy	egocentryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoistach	egoista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoista	egoista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistami	egoista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistą	egoista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistę	egoista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoisto	egoista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistom	egoista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistów	egoista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistów	egoista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoisty	egoista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egoisty	egoista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egoisty	egoista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoiście	egoista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoiście	egoista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoiści	egoista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoiści	egoista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egoistce	egoistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistce	egoistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistek	egoistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistkach	egoistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistka	egoistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistkami	egoistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistką	egoistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistkę	egoistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistki	egoistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistki	egoistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistki	egoistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistki	egoistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistko	egoistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistkom	egoistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistycznie	egoistycznie	adv:pos		
egoistycznościach	egoistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistycznościami	egoistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistycznością	egoistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczności	egoistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistycznościom	egoistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczność	egoistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczność	egoistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egoistyczna	egoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egoistyczną	egoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egoistyczną	egoistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egoistyczne	egoistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egoistyczne	egoistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egoistyczne	egoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egoistyczne	egoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egoistycznego	egoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egoistycznego	egoistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egoistycznej	egoistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egoistycznej	egoistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egoistycznej	egoistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egoistycznemu	egoistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egoistyczni	egoistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egoistyczno	egoistyczny	adja		
egoistycznych	egoistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egoistycznych	egoistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egoistycznych	egoistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egoistyczny	egoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egoistyczny	egoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egoistycznym	egoistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egoistycznym	egoistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egoistycznym	egoistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egoistycznymi	egoistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egoizmach	egoizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmami	egoizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizm	egoizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizm	egoizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmem	egoizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmie	egoizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmie	egoizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmom	egoizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmowi	egoizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmów	egoizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmu	egoizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmy	egoizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmy	egoizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoizmy	egoizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmach	egoteizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmami	egoteizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizm	egoteizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizm	egoteizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmem	egoteizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmie	egoteizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmie	egoteizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmom	egoteizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmowi	egoteizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmów	egoteizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmu	egoteizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmy	egoteizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmy	egoteizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egoteizmy	egoteizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotycznościach	egotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotycznościami	egotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotycznością	egotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczności	egotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotycznościom	egotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczność	egotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczność	egotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyczna	egotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egotyczną	egotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egotyczną	egotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egotyczne	egotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egotyczne	egotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egotyczne	egotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egotyczne	egotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egotycznego	egotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egotycznego	egotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egotycznej	egotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egotycznej	egotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egotycznej	egotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egotycznemu	egotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egotyczni	egotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egotyczno	egotyczny	adja		
egotycznych	egotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egotycznych	egotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egotycznych	egotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egotyczny	egotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egotyczny	egotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egotycznym	egotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egotycznym	egotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egotycznym	egotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egotycznymi	egotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egotystach	egotysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotysta	egotysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystami	egotysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystą	egotysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystę	egotysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotysto	egotysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystom	egotysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystów	egotysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystów	egotysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotysty	egotysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egotysty	egotysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egotysty	egotysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotyście	egotysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotyście	egotysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotyści	egotysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotyści	egotysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egotystce	egotystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystce	egotystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystek	egotystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystkach	egotystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystka	egotystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystkami	egotystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystką	egotystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystkę	egotystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystki	egotystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystki	egotystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystki	egotystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystki	egotystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystko	egotystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotystkom	egotystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmach	egotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmami	egotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzm	egotyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzm	egotyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmem	egotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmie	egotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmie	egotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmom	egotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmowi	egotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmów	egotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmu	egotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmy	egotyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmy	egotyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egotyzmy	egotyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egrecie	egreta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egrecie	egreta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretach	egreta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egreta	egreta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretami	egreta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretą	egreta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egret	egreta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretę	egreta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egreto	egreta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretom	egreta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egrety	egreta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egrety	egreta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egrety	egreta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egrety	egreta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretce	egretka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretce	egretka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretek	egretka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretkach	egretka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretka	egretka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretkami	egretka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretką	egretka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretkę	egretka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretki	egretka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretki	egretka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretki	egretka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretki	egretka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretko	egretka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egretkom	egretka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzageracjach	egzageracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracja	egzageracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracjami	egzageracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracją	egzageracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracje	egzageracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracje	egzageracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracje	egzageracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzagerację	egzageracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracji	egzageracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
egzageracji	egzageracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracji	egzageracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracji	egzageracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracjo	egzageracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracjom	egzageracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzageracyj	egzageracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
egzagerować	egzagerować	inf:imperf		przest.
egzagerowaliby	egzagerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowalibyście	egzagerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowalibyśmy	egzagerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowali	egzagerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
egzagerowali	egzagerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowaliście	egzagerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowaliśmy	egzagerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałaby	egzagerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałabym	egzagerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałabyś	egzagerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowała	egzagerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
egzagerowała	egzagerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałam	egzagerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałaś	egzagerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałby	egzagerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałbym	egzagerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałbyś	egzagerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerował	egzagerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
egzagerował	egzagerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałem	egzagerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałeś	egzagerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałoby	egzagerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałobym	egzagerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałobyś	egzagerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowało	egzagerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
egzagerowało	egzagerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałom	egzagerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałoś	egzagerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałyby	egzagerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałybyście	egzagerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałybyśmy	egzagerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowały	egzagerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
egzagerowały	egzagerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałyście	egzagerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerowałyśmy	egzagerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerowana	egzagerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaną	egzagerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerowane	egzagerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowane	egzagerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanego	egzagerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanego	egzagerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanej	egzagerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanemu	egzagerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaniach	egzagerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowania	egzagerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowania	egzagerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaniami	egzagerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanie	egzagerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowani	egzagerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaniem	egzagerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaniom	egzagerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowaniu	egzagerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowano	egzagerować	imps:imperf		przest.
egzagerowanych	egzagerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanych	egzagerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowany	egzagerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowany	egzagerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanym	egzagerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanym	egzagerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerowanymi	egzagerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerowań	egzagerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerująca	egzagerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerującą	egzagerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerujące	egzagerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerujące	egzagerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerującego	egzagerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzagerującego	egzagerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerując	egzagerować	pcon:imperf		przest.
egzagerującej	egzagerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzagerującemu	egzagerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerująco	egzagerować	pacta		
egzagerujących	egzagerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzagerujących	egzagerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerujący	egzagerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzagerujący	egzagerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzagerujący	egzagerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzagerującym	egzagerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerującym	egzagerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzagerującymi	egzagerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzagerują	egzagerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
egzagerujcie	egzagerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerujecie	egzagerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
egzageruje	egzagerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
egzageruj	egzagerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
egzagerujemy	egzagerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerujesz	egzagerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
egzageruję	egzagerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
egzagerujmy	egzagerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
egzakcjach	egzakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcja	egzakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcjami	egzakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcją	egzakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcje	egzakcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcje	egzakcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcje	egzakcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcję	egzakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcji	egzakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzakcji	egzakcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcji	egzakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcji	egzakcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcjo	egzakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcjom	egzakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzakcyj	egzakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzaktorach	egzaktor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktora	egzaktor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktora	egzaktor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorami	egzaktor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktor	egzaktor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorem	egzaktor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorom	egzaktor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorowi	egzaktor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorów	egzaktor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorów	egzaktor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktory	egzaktor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktory	egzaktor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorze	egzaktor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorze	egzaktor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorzy	egzaktor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaktorzy	egzaktor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzaltacjach	egzaltacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacja	egzaltacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacjami	egzaltacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacją	egzaltacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacje	egzaltacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacje	egzaltacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacje	egzaltacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltację	egzaltacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacji	egzaltacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzaltacji	egzaltacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacji	egzaltacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacji	egzaltacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacjo	egzaltacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacjom	egzaltacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltacyj	egzaltacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzaltancie	egzaltant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltancie	egzaltant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanci	egzaltant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanci	egzaltant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantach	egzaltant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanta	egzaltant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanta	egzaltant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantami	egzaltant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltant	egzaltant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantem	egzaltant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantom	egzaltant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantowi	egzaltant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantów	egzaltant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltantów	egzaltant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanty	egzaltant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltanty	egzaltant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaltować	egzaltować	inf:imperf		
egzaltowaliby	egzaltować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzaltowalibyście	egzaltować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzaltowalibyśmy	egzaltować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzaltowali	egzaltować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzaltowali	egzaltować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzaltowaliście	egzaltować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzaltowaliśmy	egzaltować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałaby	egzaltować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałabym	egzaltować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałabyś	egzaltować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzaltowała	egzaltować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzaltowała	egzaltować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałam	egzaltować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałaś	egzaltować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzaltowałby	egzaltować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałbym	egzaltować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałbyś	egzaltować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzaltował	egzaltować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzaltował	egzaltować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałem	egzaltować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałeś	egzaltować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzaltowałoby	egzaltować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałobym	egzaltować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałobyś	egzaltować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzaltowało	egzaltować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzaltowało	egzaltować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałom	egzaltować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzaltowałoś	egzaltować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzaltowałyby	egzaltować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałybyście	egzaltować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzaltowałybyśmy	egzaltować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzaltowały	egzaltować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzaltowały	egzaltować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzaltowałyście	egzaltować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzaltowałyśmy	egzaltować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzaltowaniach	egzaltować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowania	egzaltować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowania	egzaltować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowaniami	egzaltować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowanie	egzaltować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowaniem	egzaltować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowaniom	egzaltować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowaniu	egzaltować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltowano	egzaltować	imps:imperf		
egzaltowań	egzaltować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltująca	egzaltować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaltującą	egzaltować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzaltujące	egzaltować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaltujące	egzaltować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltującego	egzaltować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzaltującego	egzaltować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltując	egzaltować	pcon:imperf		
egzaltującej	egzaltować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaltującemu	egzaltować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltująco	egzaltować	pacta		
egzaltujących	egzaltować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaltujących	egzaltować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaltujący	egzaltować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaltujący	egzaltować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzaltujący	egzaltować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzaltującym	egzaltować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaltującym	egzaltować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaltującymi	egzaltować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaltują	egzaltować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzaltujcie	egzaltować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzaltujecie	egzaltować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzaltuje	egzaltować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzaltuj	egzaltować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzaltujemy	egzaltować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzaltujesz	egzaltować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzaltuję	egzaltować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzaltujmy	egzaltować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egzaltowanie	egzaltowanie	adv:pos		
egzaltowanościach	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowanościami	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowanością	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaności	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowanościom	egzaltowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaność	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowaność	egzaltowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaltowana	egzaltowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzaltowaną	egzaltowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzaltowaną	egzaltowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzaltowane	egzaltowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaltowane	egzaltowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaltowane	egzaltowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowane	egzaltowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowanego	egzaltowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzaltowanego	egzaltowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowanej	egzaltowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzaltowanej	egzaltowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzaltowanej	egzaltowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzaltowanemu	egzaltowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowani	egzaltowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaltowano	egzaltowany	adja		
egzaltowanych	egzaltowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaltowanych	egzaltowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaltowanych	egzaltowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaltowany	egzaltowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzaltowany	egzaltowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzaltowanym	egzaltowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaltowanym	egzaltowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowanym	egzaltowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaltowanymi	egzaltowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzamenach	egzamen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenami	egzamen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamen	egzamen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamen	egzamen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenem	egzamen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenie	egzamen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenie	egzamen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenom	egzamen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenowi	egzamen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenów	egzamen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzamenu	egzamen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzameny	egzamen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzameny	egzamen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzameny	egzamen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzaminach	egzamin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminami	egzamin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzamin	egzamin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzamin	egzamin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminem	egzamin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminie	egzamin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminie	egzamin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminom	egzamin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowi	egzamin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminów	egzamin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminu	egzamin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminy	egzamin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminy	egzamin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminy	egzamin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjnościach	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjnościami	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjnością	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjności	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjnościom	egzaminacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjność	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjność	egzaminacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminacyjna	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzaminacyjną	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzaminacyjną	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzaminacyjne	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminacyjne	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminacyjne	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjne	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjnego	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzaminacyjnego	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjnej	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzaminacyjnej	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzaminacyjnej	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzaminacyjnemu	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjni	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminacyjno	egzaminacyjny	adja		
egzaminacyjnych	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminacyjnych	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminacyjnych	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminacyjny	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzaminacyjny	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzaminacyjnym	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminacyjnym	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjnym	egzaminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminacyjnymi	egzaminacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorach	egzaminator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatora	egzaminator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatora	egzaminator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorami	egzaminator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminator	egzaminator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorem	egzaminator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorom	egzaminator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorowi	egzaminator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorów	egzaminator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorów	egzaminator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatory	egzaminator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatory	egzaminator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorze	egzaminator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorze	egzaminator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorzy	egzaminator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorzy	egzaminator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorce	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorce	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorek	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorkach	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorka	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorkami	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorką	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorkę	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorki	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorki	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorki	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorki	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorko	egzaminatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorkom	egzaminatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorscy	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminatorska	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzaminatorską	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzaminatorską	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzaminatorskich	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminatorskich	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorskich	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorskie	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorskie	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorskie	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorskie	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorskiego	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzaminatorskiego	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorski	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzaminatorski	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzaminatorskiej	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzaminatorskiej	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzaminatorskiej	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzaminatorskiemu	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorskim	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorskim	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorskim	egzaminatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminatorskimi	egzaminatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminatorsko	egzaminatorski	adja		
egzaminatorsku	egzaminatorski	adjp		
egzaminatorsko	egzaminatorsko	adv:pos		
egzaminatorskościach	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskościami	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskością	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskości	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskościom	egzaminatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskość	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminatorskość	egzaminatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminować	egzaminować	inf:imperf		
egzaminowaliby	egzaminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzaminowalibyście	egzaminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzaminowalibyśmy	egzaminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzaminowali	egzaminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzaminowali	egzaminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzaminowaliście	egzaminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzaminowaliśmy	egzaminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałaby	egzaminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałabym	egzaminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałabyś	egzaminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzaminowała	egzaminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzaminowała	egzaminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałam	egzaminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałaś	egzaminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzaminowałby	egzaminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałbym	egzaminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałbyś	egzaminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzaminował	egzaminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzaminował	egzaminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałem	egzaminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałeś	egzaminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzaminowałoby	egzaminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałobym	egzaminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałobyś	egzaminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzaminowało	egzaminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzaminowało	egzaminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałom	egzaminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzaminowałoś	egzaminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzaminowałyby	egzaminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałybyście	egzaminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzaminowałybyśmy	egzaminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzaminowały	egzaminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzaminowały	egzaminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzaminowałyście	egzaminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzaminowałyśmy	egzaminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzaminowana	egzaminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaną	egzaminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminowane	egzaminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowane	egzaminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanego	egzaminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanego	egzaminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanej	egzaminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanemu	egzaminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaniach	egzaminować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowania	egzaminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowania	egzaminować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaniami	egzaminować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanie	egzaminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowani	egzaminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaniem	egzaminować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaniom	egzaminować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowaniu	egzaminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowano	egzaminować	imps:imperf		
egzaminowanych	egzaminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanych	egzaminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowany	egzaminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowany	egzaminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanym	egzaminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanym	egzaminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminowanymi	egzaminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminowań	egzaminować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminująca	egzaminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminującą	egzaminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminujące	egzaminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminujące	egzaminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminującego	egzaminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzaminującego	egzaminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminując	egzaminować	pcon:imperf		
egzaminującej	egzaminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzaminującemu	egzaminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminująco	egzaminować	pacta		
egzaminujących	egzaminować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaminujących	egzaminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminujący	egzaminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzaminujący	egzaminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzaminujący	egzaminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzaminującym	egzaminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminującym	egzaminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzaminującymi	egzaminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzaminują	egzaminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzaminujcie	egzaminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzaminujecie	egzaminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzaminuje	egzaminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzaminuj	egzaminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzaminujemy	egzaminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzaminujesz	egzaminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzaminuję	egzaminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzaminujmy	egzaminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egzaminowościach	egzaminowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowościami	egzaminowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowością	egzaminowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowości	egzaminowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowościom	egzaminowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowość	egzaminowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowość	egzaminowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaminowa	egzaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzaminową	egzaminowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzaminową	egzaminowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzaminowe	egzaminowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminowe	egzaminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminowe	egzaminowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowe	egzaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowego	egzaminowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzaminowego	egzaminowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowej	egzaminowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzaminowej	egzaminowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzaminowej	egzaminowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzaminowemu	egzaminowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowi	egzaminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminowo	egzaminowy	adja		
egzaminowych	egzaminowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzaminowych	egzaminowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminowych	egzaminowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminowy	egzaminowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzaminowy	egzaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzaminowym	egzaminowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaminowym	egzaminowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowym	egzaminowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzaminowymi	egzaminowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzaracjach	egzaracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracja	egzaracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracjami	egzaracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracją	egzaracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracje	egzaracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracje	egzaracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracje	egzaracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzarację	egzaracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracji	egzaracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzaracji	egzaracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracji	egzaracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracji	egzaracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracjo	egzaracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracjom	egzaracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzaracyj	egzaracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzarchach	egzarcha	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarcha	egzarcha	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchami	egzarcha	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchą	egzarcha	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchę	egzarcha	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarcho	egzarcha	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchom	egzarcha	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchowie	egzarcha	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchowie	egzarcha	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchów	egzarcha	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchów	egzarcha	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchy	egzarcha	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchy	egzarcha	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchy	egzarcha	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarsze	egzarcha	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarsze	egzarcha	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchacie	egzarchat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchacie	egzarchat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatach	egzarchat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatami	egzarchat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchat	egzarchat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchat	egzarchat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatem	egzarchat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatom	egzarchat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatowi	egzarchat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatów	egzarchat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchatu	egzarchat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchaty	egzarchat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchaty	egzarchat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzarchaty	egzarchat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzasperacjach	egzasperacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacja	egzasperacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacjami	egzasperacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacją	egzasperacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacje	egzasperacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacje	egzasperacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacje	egzasperacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperację	egzasperacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacji	egzasperacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
egzasperacji	egzasperacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacji	egzasperacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacji	egzasperacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacjo	egzasperacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacjom	egzasperacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzasperacyj	egzasperacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
egzasperować	egzasperować	inf:imperf		daw.
egzasperowaliby	egzasperować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowalibyście	egzasperować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowalibyśmy	egzasperować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowali	egzasperować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
egzasperowali	egzasperować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowaliście	egzasperować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowaliśmy	egzasperować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałaby	egzasperować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałabym	egzasperować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałabyś	egzasperować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowała	egzasperować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
egzasperowała	egzasperować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałam	egzasperować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałaś	egzasperować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałby	egzasperować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałbym	egzasperować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałbyś	egzasperować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperował	egzasperować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
egzasperował	egzasperować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałem	egzasperować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałeś	egzasperować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałoby	egzasperować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałobym	egzasperować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałobyś	egzasperować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowało	egzasperować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
egzasperowało	egzasperować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałom	egzasperować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałoś	egzasperować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałyby	egzasperować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałybyście	egzasperować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałybyśmy	egzasperować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowały	egzasperować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
egzasperowały	egzasperować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałyście	egzasperować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperowałyśmy	egzasperować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperowana	egzasperować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaną	egzasperować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperowane	egzasperować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowane	egzasperować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanego	egzasperować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanego	egzasperować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanej	egzasperować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanemu	egzasperować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaniach	egzasperować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowania	egzasperować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowania	egzasperować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaniami	egzasperować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanie	egzasperować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowani	egzasperować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaniem	egzasperować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaniom	egzasperować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowaniu	egzasperować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowano	egzasperować	imps:imperf		daw.
egzasperowanych	egzasperować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanych	egzasperować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowany	egzasperować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowany	egzasperować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanym	egzasperować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanym	egzasperować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperowanymi	egzasperować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperowań	egzasperować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperująca	egzasperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperującą	egzasperować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperujące	egzasperować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperujące	egzasperować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperującego	egzasperować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzasperującego	egzasperować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperując	egzasperować	pcon:imperf		daw.
egzasperującej	egzasperować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzasperującemu	egzasperować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperująco	egzasperować	pacta		
egzasperujących	egzasperować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzasperujących	egzasperować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperujący	egzasperować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzasperujący	egzasperować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzasperujący	egzasperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzasperującym	egzasperować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperującym	egzasperować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzasperującymi	egzasperować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzasperują	egzasperować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperujcie	egzasperować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperujecie	egzasperować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperuje	egzasperować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
egzasperuj	egzasperować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperujemy	egzasperować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperujesz	egzasperować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzasperuję	egzasperować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
egzasperujmy	egzasperować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzegecie	egzegeta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegecie	egzegeta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegeci	egzegeta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegeci	egzegeta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetach	egzegeta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegeta	egzegeta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetami	egzegeta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetą	egzegeta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetę	egzegeta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegeto	egzegeta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetom	egzegeta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetów	egzegeta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetów	egzegeta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegety	egzegeta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzegety	egzegeta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzegety	egzegeta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetycznościach	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetycznościami	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetycznością	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczności	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetycznościom	egzegetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczność	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczność	egzegetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyczna	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzegetyczną	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzegetyczną	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzegetyczne	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetyczne	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetyczne	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzegetyczne	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzegetycznego	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzegetycznego	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzegetycznej	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzegetycznej	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzegetycznej	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzegetycznemu	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzegetyczni	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzegetyczno	egzegetyczny	adja		
egzegetycznych	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzegetycznych	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetycznych	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetyczny	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzegetyczny	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzegetycznym	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetycznym	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzegetycznym	egzegetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzegetycznymi	egzegetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzegetyce	egzegetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyce	egzegetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetykach	egzegetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyka	egzegetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetykami	egzegetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyką	egzegetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyk	egzegetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetykę	egzegetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyki	egzegetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyki	egzegetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyki	egzegetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyki	egzegetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetyko	egzegetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegetykom	egzegetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezach	egzegeza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegeza	egzegeza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezami	egzegeza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezą	egzegeza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegez	egzegeza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezę	egzegeza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezie	egzegeza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezie	egzegeza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezo	egzegeza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezom	egzegeza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezy	egzegeza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezy	egzegeza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezy	egzegeza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzegezy	egzegeza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucjach	egzekucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucja	egzekucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucjami	egzekucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucją	egzekucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucje	egzekucja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucje	egzekucja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucje	egzekucja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucję	egzekucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucji	egzekucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzekucji	egzekucja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucji	egzekucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucji	egzekucja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucjo	egzekucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucjom	egzekucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyj	egzekucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzekucyjnościach	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjnościami	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjnością	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjności	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjnościom	egzekucyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjność	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjność	egzekucyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekucyjna	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzekucyjną	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzekucyjną	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzekucyjne	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzekucyjne	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzekucyjne	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjne	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjnego	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzekucyjnego	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjnej	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzekucyjnej	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzekucyjnej	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzekucyjnemu	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjni	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzekucyjno	egzekucyjny	adja		
egzekucyjnych	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzekucyjnych	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekucyjnych	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekucyjny	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzekucyjny	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzekucyjnym	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekucyjnym	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjnym	egzekucyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekucyjnymi	egzekucyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutne	egzekutne	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnego	egzekutne	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnemu	egzekutne	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnych	egzekutne	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnych	egzekutne	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnym	egzekutne	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnym	egzekutne	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnym	egzekutne	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutnymi	egzekutne	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzekutorach	egzekutor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutora	egzekutor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutora	egzekutor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorami	egzekutor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutor	egzekutor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorem	egzekutor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorom	egzekutor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorowie	egzekutor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorowie	egzekutor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorowi	egzekutor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorów	egzekutor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorów	egzekutor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutory	egzekutor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutory	egzekutor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorze	egzekutor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorze	egzekutor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorzy	egzekutor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorzy	egzekutor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorce	egzekutorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorce	egzekutorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorek	egzekutorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorkach	egzekutorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorka	egzekutorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorkami	egzekutorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorką	egzekutorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorkę	egzekutorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorki	egzekutorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorki	egzekutorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorki	egzekutorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorki	egzekutorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorko	egzekutorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutorkom	egzekutorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywach	egzekutywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywa	egzekutywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywami	egzekutywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywą	egzekutywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutyw	egzekutywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywę	egzekutywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywie	egzekutywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywie	egzekutywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywo	egzekutywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywom	egzekutywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywy	egzekutywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywy	egzekutywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywy	egzekutywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekutywy	egzekutywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwiach	egzekwie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwiami	egzekwie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwie	egzekwie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwie	egzekwie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwie	egzekwie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwii	egzekwie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzekwij	egzekwie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzekwiom	egzekwie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
egzekwować	egzekwować	inf:imperf		
egzekwowaliby	egzekwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzekwowalibyście	egzekwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzekwowalibyśmy	egzekwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzekwowali	egzekwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzekwowali	egzekwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzekwowaliście	egzekwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzekwowaliśmy	egzekwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałaby	egzekwować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałabym	egzekwować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałabyś	egzekwować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzekwowała	egzekwować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzekwowała	egzekwować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałam	egzekwować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałaś	egzekwować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzekwowałby	egzekwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałbym	egzekwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałbyś	egzekwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzekwował	egzekwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzekwował	egzekwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałem	egzekwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałeś	egzekwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzekwowałoby	egzekwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałobym	egzekwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałobyś	egzekwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzekwowało	egzekwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzekwowało	egzekwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałom	egzekwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzekwowałoś	egzekwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzekwowałyby	egzekwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałybyście	egzekwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzekwowałybyśmy	egzekwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzekwowały	egzekwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzekwowały	egzekwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzekwowałyście	egzekwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzekwowałyśmy	egzekwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzekwowana	egzekwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaną	egzekwować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwowane	egzekwować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowane	egzekwować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanego	egzekwować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanego	egzekwować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanej	egzekwować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanemu	egzekwować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaniach	egzekwować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowania	egzekwować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowania	egzekwować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaniami	egzekwować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanie	egzekwować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowani	egzekwować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaniem	egzekwować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaniom	egzekwować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowaniu	egzekwować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowano	egzekwować	imps:imperf		
egzekwowanych	egzekwować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanych	egzekwować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowany	egzekwować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowany	egzekwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanym	egzekwować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanym	egzekwować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwowanymi	egzekwować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwowań	egzekwować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwująca	egzekwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwującą	egzekwować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwujące	egzekwować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwujące	egzekwować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwującego	egzekwować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzekwującego	egzekwować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwując	egzekwować	pcon:imperf		
egzekwującej	egzekwować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzekwującemu	egzekwować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwująco	egzekwować	pacta		
egzekwujących	egzekwować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzekwujących	egzekwować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwujący	egzekwować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzekwujący	egzekwować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzekwujący	egzekwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzekwującym	egzekwować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwującym	egzekwować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzekwującymi	egzekwować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzekwują	egzekwować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzekwujcie	egzekwować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzekwujecie	egzekwować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzekwuje	egzekwować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzekwuj	egzekwować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzekwujemy	egzekwować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzekwujesz	egzekwować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzekwuję	egzekwować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzekwujmy	egzekwować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egzekwowalna	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzekwowalną	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzekwowalną	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzekwowalne	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzekwowalne	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzekwowalne	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalne	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalnego	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzekwowalnego	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalnej	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzekwowalnej	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzekwowalnej	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzekwowalnemu	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalni	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzekwowalno	egzekwowalny	adja		
egzekwowalnych	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzekwowalnych	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekwowalnych	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekwowalny	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzekwowalny	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzekwowalnym	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzekwowalnym	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalnym	egzekwowalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzekwowalnymi	egzekwowalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemach	egzema	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzema	egzema	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemami	egzema	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemą	egzema	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzem	egzema	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemę	egzema	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemie	egzema	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemie	egzema	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemo	egzema	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemom	egzema	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemy	egzema	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemy	egzema	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemy	egzema	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzemy	egzema	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
egzempcjach	egzempcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcja	egzempcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcjami	egzempcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcją	egzempcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcje	egzempcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcje	egzempcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcje	egzempcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcję	egzempcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcji	egzempcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
egzempcji	egzempcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcji	egzempcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcji	egzempcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcjo	egzempcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcjom	egzempcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzempcyj	egzempcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
egzempcyjnościach	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjnościami	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjnością	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjności	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjnościom	egzempcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjność	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjność	egzempcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcyjna	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzempcyjną	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzempcyjną	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzempcyjne	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzempcyjne	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzempcyjne	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjne	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjnego	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzempcyjnego	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjnej	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzempcyjnej	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzempcyjnej	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzempcyjnemu	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjni	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzempcyjno	egzempcyjny	adja		
egzempcyjnych	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzempcyjnych	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzempcyjnych	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzempcyjny	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzempcyjny	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzempcyjnym	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzempcyjnym	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjnym	egzempcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzempcyjnymi	egzempcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarycznościach	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarycznościami	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarycznością	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczności	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarycznościom	egzemplaryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczność	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczność	egzemplaryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplaryczna	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzemplaryczną	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzemplaryczną	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzemplaryczne	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplaryczne	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplaryczne	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplaryczne	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarycznego	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzemplarycznego	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarycznej	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzemplarycznej	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzemplarycznej	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzemplarycznemu	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplaryczni	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplaryczno	egzemplaryczny	adja		
egzemplarycznych	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplarycznych	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarycznych	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplaryczny	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzemplaryczny	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzemplarycznym	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarycznym	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarycznym	egzemplaryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarycznymi	egzemplaryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzach	egzemplarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzach	egzemplarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarza	egzemplarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarza	egzemplarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzami	egzemplarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzami	egzemplarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarze	egzemplarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarz	egzemplarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarz	egzemplarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarz	egzemplarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarz	egzemplarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzem	egzemplarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzem	egzemplarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzom	egzemplarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzom	egzemplarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzowi	egzemplarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowi	egzemplarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzów	egzemplarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzu	egzemplarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzu	egzemplarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzu	egzemplarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzu	egzemplarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
egzemplarzy	egzemplarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowościach	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowościami	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowością	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowości	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowościom	egzemplarzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowość	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowość	egzemplarzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplarzowa	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzemplarzową	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzemplarzową	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzemplarzowe	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzowe	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzowe	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowe	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowego	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzemplarzowego	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowej	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzemplarzowej	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzemplarzowej	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzemplarzowemu	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowi	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplarzowo	egzemplarzowy	adja		
egzemplarzowych	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplarzowych	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzowych	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzowy	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzemplarzowy	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzemplarzowym	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplarzowym	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowym	egzemplarzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplarzowymi	egzemplarzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacjach	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacja	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacjami	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacją	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacje	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacje	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacje	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikację	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacji	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzemplifikacji	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacji	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacji	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacjo	egzemplifikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacjom	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyj	egzemplifikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzemplifikacyjnościach	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjnościami	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjnością	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjności	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjnościom	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjność	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjność	egzemplifikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzemplifikacyjna	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjną	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjną	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjne	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjne	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjne	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjne	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnego	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnego	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnej	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnej	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnej	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnemu	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjni	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplifikacyjno	egzemplifikacyjny	adja		
egzemplifikacyjnych	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnych	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnych	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjny	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjny	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnym	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnym	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnym	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzemplifikacyjnymi	egzemplifikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzemplifikować	egzemplifikować	inf:imperf		
egzemplifikowaliby	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowalibyście	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowalibyśmy	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowali	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzemplifikowali	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowaliście	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowaliśmy	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałaby	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałabym	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałabyś	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowała	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzemplifikowała	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałam	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałaś	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowałby	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałbym	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałbyś	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikował	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzemplifikował	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałem	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałeś	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowałoby	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałobym	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałobyś	egzemplifikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowało	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzemplifikowało	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałom	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowałoś	egzemplifikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowałyby	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałybyście	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowałybyśmy	egzemplifikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowały	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzemplifikowały	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikowałyście	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikowałyśmy	egzemplifikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikowana	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaną	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowane	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowane	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanego	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanego	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanej	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanemu	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaniach	egzemplifikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowania	egzemplifikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowania	egzemplifikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaniami	egzemplifikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanie	egzemplifikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowani	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaniem	egzemplifikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaniom	egzemplifikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowaniu	egzemplifikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowano	egzemplifikować	imps:imperf		
egzemplifikowanych	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanych	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowany	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowany	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanym	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanym	egzemplifikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowanymi	egzemplifikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikowań	egzemplifikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikująca	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującą	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujące	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujące	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującego	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującego	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikując	egzemplifikować	pcon:imperf		
egzemplifikującej	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującemu	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikująco	egzemplifikować	pacta		
egzemplifikujących	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujących	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujący	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujący	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikujący	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującym	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującym	egzemplifikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikującymi	egzemplifikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzemplifikują	egzemplifikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikujcie	egzemplifikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikujecie	egzemplifikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikuje	egzemplifikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzemplifikuj	egzemplifikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikujemy	egzemplifikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikujesz	egzemplifikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzemplifikuję	egzemplifikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzemplifikujmy	egzemplifikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egzempcie	egzempt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempcie	egzempt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptach	egzempt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptami	egzempt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempt	egzempt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempt	egzempt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptem	egzempt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptom	egzempt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptowi	egzempt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptów	egzempt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzemptu	egzempt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempty	egzempt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempty	egzempt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzempty	egzempt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzenterować	egzenterować	inf:imperf		daw.
egzenterowaliby	egzenterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowalibyście	egzenterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowalibyśmy	egzenterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowali	egzenterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
egzenterowali	egzenterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowaliście	egzenterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowaliśmy	egzenterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałaby	egzenterować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałabym	egzenterować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałabyś	egzenterować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowała	egzenterować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
egzenterowała	egzenterować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałam	egzenterować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałaś	egzenterować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałby	egzenterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałbym	egzenterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałbyś	egzenterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterował	egzenterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
egzenterował	egzenterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałem	egzenterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałeś	egzenterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałoby	egzenterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałobym	egzenterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałobyś	egzenterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowało	egzenterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
egzenterowało	egzenterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałom	egzenterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałoś	egzenterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałyby	egzenterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałybyście	egzenterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałybyśmy	egzenterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowały	egzenterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
egzenterowały	egzenterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałyście	egzenterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterowałyśmy	egzenterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterowana	egzenterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaną	egzenterować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterowane	egzenterować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowane	egzenterować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanego	egzenterować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanego	egzenterować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanej	egzenterować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanemu	egzenterować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaniach	egzenterować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowania	egzenterować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowania	egzenterować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaniami	egzenterować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanie	egzenterować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowani	egzenterować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaniem	egzenterować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaniom	egzenterować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowaniu	egzenterować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowano	egzenterować	imps:imperf		daw.
egzenterowanych	egzenterować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanych	egzenterować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowany	egzenterować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowany	egzenterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanym	egzenterować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanym	egzenterować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterowanymi	egzenterować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterowań	egzenterować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterująca	egzenterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterującą	egzenterować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterujące	egzenterować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterujące	egzenterować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterującego	egzenterować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzenterującego	egzenterować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterując	egzenterować	pcon:imperf		daw.
egzenterującej	egzenterować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzenterującemu	egzenterować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterująco	egzenterować	pacta		
egzenterujących	egzenterować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzenterujących	egzenterować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterujący	egzenterować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzenterujący	egzenterować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzenterujący	egzenterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzenterującym	egzenterować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterującym	egzenterować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzenterującymi	egzenterować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzenterują	egzenterować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenterujcie	egzenterować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterujecie	egzenterować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenteruje	egzenterować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
egzenteruj	egzenterować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenterujemy	egzenterować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterujesz	egzenterować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzenteruję	egzenterować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterujmy	egzenterować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzenterunek	egzenterunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunek	egzenterunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunkach	egzenterunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunkami	egzenterunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunki	egzenterunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunki	egzenterunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunki	egzenterunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunkiem	egzenterunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunkom	egzenterunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunkowi	egzenterunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunków	egzenterunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunku	egzenterunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunku	egzenterunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzenterunku	egzenterunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunek	egzercerunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunek	egzercerunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkach	egzercerunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkami	egzercerunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunki	egzercerunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunki	egzercerunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunki	egzercerunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkiem	egzercerunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkom	egzercerunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowi	egzercerunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunków	egzercerunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunku	egzercerunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunku	egzercerunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunku	egzercerunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowościach	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowościami	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowością	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowości	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowościom	egzercerunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowość	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowość	egzercerunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzercerunkowa	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkową	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkową	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowe	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowe	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowe	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowe	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowego	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowego	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowej	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowej	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowej	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowemu	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowi	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowo	egzercerunkowy	adja		daw.
egzercerunkowych	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowych	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowych	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowy	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowy	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowym	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowym	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowym	egzercerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzercerunkowymi	egzercerunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzercycjach	egzercycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycja	egzercycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycjami	egzercycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycją	egzercycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycje	egzercycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycje	egzercycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycje	egzercycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycję	egzercycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycji	egzercycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
egzercycji	egzercycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycji	egzercycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycji	egzercycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycjo	egzercycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycjom	egzercycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
egzercycyj	egzercycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
egzercytować	egzercytować	inf:imperf		daw.
egzercytowaliby	egzercytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowalibyście	egzercytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowalibyśmy	egzercytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowali	egzercytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
egzercytowali	egzercytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowaliście	egzercytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowaliśmy	egzercytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałaby	egzercytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałabym	egzercytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałabyś	egzercytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowała	egzercytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
egzercytowała	egzercytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałam	egzercytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałaś	egzercytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałby	egzercytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałbym	egzercytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałbyś	egzercytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytował	egzercytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
egzercytował	egzercytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałem	egzercytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałeś	egzercytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałoby	egzercytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałobym	egzercytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałobyś	egzercytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowało	egzercytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
egzercytowało	egzercytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałom	egzercytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałoś	egzercytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałyby	egzercytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałybyście	egzercytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałybyśmy	egzercytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowały	egzercytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
egzercytowały	egzercytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałyście	egzercytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytowałyśmy	egzercytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytowaniach	egzercytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowania	egzercytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowania	egzercytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowaniami	egzercytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowanie	egzercytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowaniem	egzercytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowaniom	egzercytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowaniu	egzercytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytowano	egzercytować	imps:imperf		daw.
egzercytowań	egzercytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytująca	egzercytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzercytującą	egzercytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzercytujące	egzercytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzercytujące	egzercytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytującego	egzercytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzercytującego	egzercytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytując	egzercytować	pcon:imperf		daw.
egzercytującej	egzercytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzercytującemu	egzercytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytująco	egzercytować	pacta		
egzercytujących	egzercytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzercytujących	egzercytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzercytujący	egzercytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzercytujący	egzercytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzercytujący	egzercytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzercytującym	egzercytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzercytującym	egzercytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzercytującymi	egzercytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzercytują	egzercytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytujcie	egzercytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytujecie	egzercytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytuje	egzercytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
egzercytuj	egzercytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytujemy	egzercytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytujesz	egzercytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
egzercytuję	egzercytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
egzercytujmy	egzercytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
egzerdze	egzerga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzerdze	egzerga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergach	egzerga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzerga	egzerga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergami	egzerga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergą	egzerga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzerg	egzerga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergę	egzerga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergi	egzerga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergi	egzerga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergi	egzerga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergi	egzerga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergo	egzerga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzergom	egzerga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiolodzy	egzobiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiolodzy	egzobiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologach	egzobiolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologa	egzobiolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologa	egzobiolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologami	egzobiolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiolog	egzobiolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologi	egzobiolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologi	egzobiolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiem	egzobiolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologom	egzobiolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologowie	egzobiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologowie	egzobiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologowi	egzobiolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologów	egzobiolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologów	egzobiolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologu	egzobiolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologu	egzobiolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiach	egzobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologia	egzobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiami	egzobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologią	egzobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologie	egzobiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologie	egzobiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologie	egzobiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologię	egzobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologii	egzobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzobiologii	egzobiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologii	egzobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologii	egzobiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologij	egzobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzobiologio	egzobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiom	egzobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologicznościach	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologicznościami	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologicznością	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczności	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologicznościom	egzobiologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczność	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczność	egzobiologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiologiczna	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzobiologiczną	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzobiologiczną	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzobiologiczne	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiologiczne	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiologiczne	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologiczne	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologicznego	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzobiologicznego	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologicznej	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzobiologicznej	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzobiologicznej	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzobiologicznemu	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologiczni	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzobiologiczno	egzobiologiczny	adja		
egzobiologicznych	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzobiologicznych	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiologicznych	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiologiczny	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzobiologiczny	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzobiologicznym	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiologicznym	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologicznym	egzobiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiologicznymi	egzobiologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotycznościach	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotycznościami	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotycznością	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczności	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotycznościom	egzobiotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczność	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczność	egzobiotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzobiotyczna	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzobiotyczną	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzobiotyczną	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzobiotyczne	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotyczne	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotyczne	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotyczne	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotycznego	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzobiotycznego	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotycznej	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzobiotycznej	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzobiotycznej	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzobiotycznemu	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotyczni	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzobiotyczno	egzobiotyczny	adja		
egzobiotycznych	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzobiotycznych	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotycznych	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotyczny	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzobiotyczny	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzobiotycznym	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzobiotycznym	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotycznym	egzobiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzobiotycznymi	egzobiotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentrycznościach	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentrycznościami	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentrycznością	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczności	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentrycznościom	egzocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczność	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczność	egzocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocentryczna	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzocentryczną	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzocentryczną	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzocentryczne	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentryczne	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentryczne	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzocentryczne	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzocentrycznego	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzocentrycznego	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzocentrycznej	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzocentrycznej	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzocentrycznej	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzocentrycznemu	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzocentryczni	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzocentryczno	egzocentryczny	adja		
egzocentrycznych	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzocentrycznych	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentrycznych	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentryczny	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzocentryczny	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzocentrycznym	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzocentrycznym	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzocentrycznym	egzocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzocentrycznymi	egzocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzocytozach	egzocytoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytoza	egzocytoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozami	egzocytoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozą	egzocytoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytoz	egzocytoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozę	egzocytoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozie	egzocytoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozie	egzocytoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozo	egzocytoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozom	egzocytoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozy	egzocytoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozy	egzocytoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozy	egzocytoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzocytozy	egzocytoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermach	egzoderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoderma	egzoderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermami	egzoderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermą	egzoderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoderm	egzoderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermę	egzoderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermie	egzoderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermie	egzoderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermo	egzoderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermom	egzoderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermy	egzoderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermy	egzoderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermy	egzoderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzodermy	egzoderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetycznie	egzoenergetycznie	adv:pos		
egzoenergetycznościach	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetycznościami	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetycznością	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczności	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetycznościom	egzoenergetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczność	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczność	egzoenergetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoenergetyczna	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzoenergetyczną	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzoenergetyczną	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzoenergetyczne	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzoenergetyczne	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzoenergetyczne	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetyczne	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetycznego	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzoenergetycznego	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetycznej	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzoenergetycznej	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzoenergetycznej	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzoenergetycznemu	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetyczni	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzoenergetyczno	egzoenergetyczny	adja		
egzoenergetycznych	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzoenergetycznych	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoenergetycznych	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoenergetyczny	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzoenergetyczny	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzoenergetycznym	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoenergetycznym	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetycznym	egzoenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoenergetycznymi	egzoenergetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoftalmiach	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmia	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmiami	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmią	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmie	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmie	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmie	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmię	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmii	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzoftalmii	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmii	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmii	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmij	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzoftalmio	egzoftalmia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoftalmiom	egzoftalmia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiach	egzogamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamia	egzogamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiami	egzogamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamią	egzogamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamie	egzogamia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamie	egzogamia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamie	egzogamia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamię	egzogamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamii	egzogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzogamii	egzogamia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamii	egzogamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamii	egzogamia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamij	egzogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzogamio	egzogamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiom	egzogamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamicznościach	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamicznościami	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamicznością	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczności	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamicznościom	egzogamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczność	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczność	egzogamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogamiczna	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzogamiczną	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzogamiczną	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzogamiczne	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogamiczne	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogamiczne	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogamiczne	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogamicznego	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzogamicznego	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogamicznej	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzogamicznej	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzogamicznej	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzogamicznemu	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogamiczni	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogamiczno	egzogamiczny	adja		
egzogamicznych	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogamicznych	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogamicznych	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogamiczny	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzogamiczny	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzogamicznym	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogamicznym	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogamicznym	egzogamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogamicznymi	egzogamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenezach	egzogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeneza	egzogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezami	egzogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezą	egzogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenez	egzogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezę	egzogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezie	egzogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezie	egzogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezo	egzogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezom	egzogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezy	egzogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezy	egzogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezy	egzogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenezy	egzogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenicznościach	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenicznościami	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenicznością	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczności	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenicznościom	egzogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczność	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczność	egzogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogeniczna	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzogeniczną	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzogeniczną	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzogeniczne	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogeniczne	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogeniczne	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogeniczne	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogenicznego	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzogenicznego	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogenicznej	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzogenicznej	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzogenicznej	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzogenicznemu	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogeniczni	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogeniczno	egzogeniczny	adja		
egzogenicznych	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogenicznych	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenicznych	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogeniczny	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzogeniczny	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzogenicznym	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenicznym	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogenicznym	egzogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogenicznymi	egzogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogennościach	egzogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogennościami	egzogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogennością	egzogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenności	egzogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogennościom	egzogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenność	egzogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenność	egzogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzogenna	egzogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzogenną	egzogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzogenną	egzogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzogenne	egzogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenne	egzogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenne	egzogenny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogenne	egzogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzogennego	egzogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzogennego	egzogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogennej	egzogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzogennej	egzogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzogennej	egzogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzogennemu	egzogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogenni	egzogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogenno	egzogenny	adja		
egzogennych	egzogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzogennych	egzogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogennych	egzogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogenny	egzogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzogenny	egzogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzogennym	egzogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzogennym	egzogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogennym	egzogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzogennymi	egzogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzonach	egzon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonami	egzon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzon	egzon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzon	egzon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonem	egzon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonie	egzon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonie	egzon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonom	egzon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonowi	egzon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonów	egzon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzonu	egzon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzony	egzon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzony	egzon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzony	egzon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzorbitancjach	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancja	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancjami	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancją	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancje	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancje	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancje	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancję	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancji	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
egzorbitancji	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancji	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancji	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancjo	egzorbitancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancjom	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancyj	egzorbitancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
egzorbitancie	egzorbitant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitancie	egzorbitant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanci	egzorbitant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanci	egzorbitant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantach	egzorbitant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanta	egzorbitant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanta	egzorbitant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantami	egzorbitant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitant	egzorbitant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantem	egzorbitant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantom	egzorbitant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantowi	egzorbitant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantów	egzorbitant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitantów	egzorbitant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanty	egzorbitant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorbitanty	egzorbitant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzorcystach	egzorcysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcysta	egzorcysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystami	egzorcysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystą	egzorcysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystę	egzorcysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcysto	egzorcysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystom	egzorcysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystów	egzorcysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystów	egzorcysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcysty	egzorcysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcysty	egzorcysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcysty	egzorcysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyście	egzorcysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyście	egzorcysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyści	egzorcysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyści	egzorcysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcystce	egzorcystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystce	egzorcystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystek	egzorcystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystkach	egzorcystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystka	egzorcystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystkami	egzorcystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystką	egzorcystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystkę	egzorcystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystki	egzorcystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystki	egzorcystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystki	egzorcystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystki	egzorcystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystko	egzorcystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcystkom	egzorcystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcyzmach	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmami	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzm	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzm	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmem	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmie	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmie	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmom	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmowi	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmów	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmu	egzorcyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmy	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmy	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmy	egzorcyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
egzorcyzmacie	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmacie	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatach	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatami	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmat	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmat	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatem	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatom	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatowi	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatów	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmatu	egzorcyzmat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmaty	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmaty	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmaty	egzorcyzmat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|rel.
egzorcyzmować	egzorcyzmować	inf:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowaliby	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowalibyście	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowalibyśmy	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowali	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowali	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowaliście	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowaliśmy	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałaby	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałabym	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałabyś	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowała	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowała	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałam	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałaś	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałby	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałbym	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałbyś	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmował	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmował	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałem	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałeś	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałoby	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałobym	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałobyś	egzorcyzmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowało	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowało	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałom	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałoś	egzorcyzmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałyby	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałybyście	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałybyśmy	egzorcyzmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowały	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowały	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałyście	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowałyśmy	egzorcyzmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowana	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaną	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowane	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowane	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanego	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanego	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanej	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanemu	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaniach	egzorcyzmować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowania	egzorcyzmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowania	egzorcyzmować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaniami	egzorcyzmować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanie	egzorcyzmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowani	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaniem	egzorcyzmować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaniom	egzorcyzmować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowaniu	egzorcyzmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowano	egzorcyzmować	imps:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmowanych	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanych	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowany	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowany	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanym	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanym	egzorcyzmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowanymi	egzorcyzmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmowań	egzorcyzmować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmująca	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującą	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujące	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujące	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującego	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującego	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmując	egzorcyzmować	pcon:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmującej	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującemu	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmująco	egzorcyzmować	pacta		
egzorcyzmujących	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujących	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujący	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujący	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmujący	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującym	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującym	egzorcyzmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmującymi	egzorcyzmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzmują	egzorcyzmować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmujcie	egzorcyzmować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmujecie	egzorcyzmować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmuje	egzorcyzmować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmuj	egzorcyzmować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmujemy	egzorcyzmować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmujesz	egzorcyzmować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmuję	egzorcyzmować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzmujmy	egzorcyzmować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rel.
egzorcyzować	egzorcyzować	inf:imperf		
egzorcyzowaliby	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowalibyście	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowalibyśmy	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowali	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzorcyzowali	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowaliście	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowaliśmy	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałaby	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałabym	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałabyś	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowała	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzorcyzowała	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałam	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałaś	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowałby	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałbym	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałbyś	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzował	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzorcyzował	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałem	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałeś	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowałoby	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałobym	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałobyś	egzorcyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowało	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzorcyzowało	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałom	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowałoś	egzorcyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowałyby	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałybyście	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowałybyśmy	egzorcyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowały	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzorcyzowały	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzowałyście	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzowałyśmy	egzorcyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzowana	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaną	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowane	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowane	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanego	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanego	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanej	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanemu	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaniach	egzorcyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowania	egzorcyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowania	egzorcyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaniami	egzorcyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanie	egzorcyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowani	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaniem	egzorcyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaniom	egzorcyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowaniu	egzorcyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowano	egzorcyzować	imps:imperf		
egzorcyzowanych	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanych	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowany	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowany	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanym	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanym	egzorcyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowanymi	egzorcyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzowań	egzorcyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzująca	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującą	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujące	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujące	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującego	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującego	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzując	egzorcyzować	pcon:imperf		
egzorcyzującej	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującemu	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzująco	egzorcyzować	pacta		
egzorcyzujących	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujących	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujący	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujący	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzujący	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującym	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującym	egzorcyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzującymi	egzorcyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzorcyzują	egzorcyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzujcie	egzorcyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzujecie	egzorcyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzuje	egzorcyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzorcyzuj	egzorcyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzujemy	egzorcyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzujesz	egzorcyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzorcyzuję	egzorcyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzorcyzujmy	egzorcyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
egzorcie	egzorta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorcie	egzorta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzortach	egzorta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorta	egzorta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzortami	egzorta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzortą	egzorta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzort	egzorta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzortę	egzorta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorto	egzorta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzortom	egzorta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorty	egzorta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorty	egzorta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorty	egzorta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzorty	egzorta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferach	egzosfera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfera	egzosfera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferami	egzosfera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferą	egzosfera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfer	egzosfera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferę	egzosfera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfero	egzosfera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferom	egzosfera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfery	egzosfera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfery	egzosfera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfery	egzosfera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosfery	egzosfera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferze	egzosfera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosferze	egzosfera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporach	egzospor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporami	egzospor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzospor	egzospor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzospor	egzospor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporem	egzospor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporom	egzospor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporowi	egzospor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporów	egzospor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporu	egzospor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzospory	egzospor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzospory	egzospor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzospory	egzospor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporze	egzospor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzosporze	egzospor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielecie	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielecie	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletach	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletami	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielet	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielet	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletem	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletom	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletowi	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletów	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkieletu	egzoszkielet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielety	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielety	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoszkielety	egzoszkielet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzocie	egzot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzocie	egzot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotach	egzot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotami	egzot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzot	egzot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzot	egzot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotem	egzot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotom	egzot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotowi	egzot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotów	egzot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotu	egzot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoty	egzot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoty	egzot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzoty	egzot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermicznie	egzotermicznie	adv:pos		
egzotermicznościach	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermicznościami	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermicznością	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczności	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermicznościom	egzotermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczność	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczność	egzotermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotermiczna	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzotermiczną	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzotermiczną	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzotermiczne	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzotermiczne	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzotermiczne	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzotermiczne	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzotermicznego	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzotermicznego	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotermicznej	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzotermicznej	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzotermicznej	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzotermicznemu	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotermiczni	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzotermiczno	egzotermiczny	adja		
egzotermicznych	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzotermicznych	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotermicznych	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotermiczny	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzotermiczny	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzotermicznym	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotermicznym	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotermicznym	egzotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotermicznymi	egzotermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoterycznie	egzoterycznie	adv:pos		
egzoterycznościach	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoterycznościami	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoterycznością	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczności	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoterycznościom	egzoteryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczność	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczność	egzoteryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzoteryczna	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzoteryczną	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzoteryczną	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzoteryczne	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzoteryczne	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzoteryczne	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzoteryczne	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzoterycznego	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzoterycznego	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoterycznej	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzoterycznej	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzoterycznej	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzoterycznemu	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoteryczni	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzoteryczno	egzoteryczny	adja		
egzoterycznych	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzoterycznych	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoterycznych	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoteryczny	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzoteryczny	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzoterycznym	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzoterycznym	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoterycznym	egzoteryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzoterycznymi	egzoteryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotoksynach	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyna	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksynami	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyną	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyn	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksynę	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksynie	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksynie	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyno	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksynom	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyny	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyny	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyny	egzotoksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotoksyny	egzotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycyzmach	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmami	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzm	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzm	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmem	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmie	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmie	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmom	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmowi	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmów	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmu	egzotycyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmy	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmy	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycyzmy	egzotycyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzotycznie	egzotycznie	adv:pos		
egzotyczniej	egzotycznie	adv:com		
egzotycznościach	egzotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycznościami	egzotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycznością	egzotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczności	egzotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycznościom	egzotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczność	egzotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczność	egzotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyczna	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzotyczną	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzotyczną	egzotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzotyczne	egzotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzotyczne	egzotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzotyczne	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzotyczne	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzotycznego	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzotycznego	egzotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotycznej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzotycznej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzotycznej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzotycznemu	egzotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotyczni	egzotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzotyczniejsi	egzotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejsza	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszą	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszą	egzotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejsze	egzotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejsze	egzotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejsze	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejsze	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszego	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszego	egzotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszej	egzotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszemu	egzotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszy	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszy	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszym	egzotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszym	egzotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszym	egzotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
egzotyczniejszymi	egzotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
egzotyczno	egzotyczny	adja		
egzotycznych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzotycznych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotycznych	egzotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotyczny	egzotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzotyczny	egzotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzotycznym	egzotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotycznym	egzotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotycznym	egzotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzotycznymi	egzotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzotyce	egzotyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyce	egzotyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykach	egzotyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyka	egzotyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykami	egzotyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyką	egzotyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyk	egzotyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykę	egzotyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyko	egzotyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykom	egzotyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykach	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykami	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyk	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyk	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykiem	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykom	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykowi	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyków	egzotyk:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyku	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyku	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyku	egzotyk:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycy	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotycy	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykach	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyka	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyka	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykami	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyk	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyk:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyki	egzotyk:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykiem	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykom	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotykowi	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyków	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyków	egzotyk:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyku	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyku	egzotyk:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacjach	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacja	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacjami	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacją	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacje	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacje	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacje	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzację	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacji	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzotyzacji	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacji	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacji	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacjo	egzotyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacjom	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzacyj	egzotyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzotyzmach	egzotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmami	egzotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzm	egzotyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzm	egzotyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmem	egzotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmie	egzotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmie	egzotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmom	egzotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmowi	egzotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmów	egzotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmu	egzotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmy	egzotyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmy	egzotyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzmy	egzotyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzotyzować	egzotyzować	inf:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowaliby	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowalibyście	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowalibyśmy	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowali	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowali	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowaliście	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowaliśmy	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałaby	egzotyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałabym	egzotyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałabyś	egzotyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowała	egzotyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowała	egzotyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałam	egzotyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałaś	egzotyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałby	egzotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałbym	egzotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałbyś	egzotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzował	egzotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzował	egzotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałem	egzotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałeś	egzotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałoby	egzotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałobym	egzotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałobyś	egzotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowało	egzotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowało	egzotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałom	egzotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałoś	egzotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałyby	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałybyście	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałybyśmy	egzotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowały	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowały	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałyście	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowałyśmy	egzotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowana	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaną	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowane	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowane	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanego	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanego	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanej	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanemu	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaniach	egzotyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowania	egzotyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowania	egzotyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaniami	egzotyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanie	egzotyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowani	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaniem	egzotyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaniom	egzotyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowaniu	egzotyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowano	egzotyzować	imps:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzowanych	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanych	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowany	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowany	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanym	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanym	egzotyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowanymi	egzotyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzowań	egzotyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzująca	egzotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującą	egzotyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujące	egzotyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujące	egzotyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującego	egzotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującego	egzotyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzując	egzotyzować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzującej	egzotyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującemu	egzotyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzująco	egzotyzować	pacta		
egzotyzujących	egzotyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujących	egzotyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujący	egzotyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujący	egzotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzujący	egzotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującym	egzotyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującym	egzotyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzotyzującymi	egzotyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzotyzują	egzotyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzujcie	egzotyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzujecie	egzotyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzuje	egzotyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzuj	egzotyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzujemy	egzotyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzujesz	egzotyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzuję	egzotyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzotyzujmy	egzotyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
egzulach	egzul	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzula	egzul	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzula	egzul	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulami	egzul	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzule	egzul	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzule	egzul	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzule	egzul	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzule	egzul	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzul	egzul	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulem	egzul	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulom	egzul	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulowie	egzul	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulowie	egzul	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulowi	egzul	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulów	egzul	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulów	egzul	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulu	egzul	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulu	egzul	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanccy	egzulancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
egzulancka	egzulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
egzulancką	egzulancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
egzulancką	egzulancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
egzulanckich	egzulancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
egzulanckich	egzulancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulanckich	egzulancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulanckie	egzulancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulanckie	egzulancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulanckie	egzulancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulanckie	egzulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulanckiego	egzulancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
egzulanckiego	egzulancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulancki	egzulancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
egzulancki	egzulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
egzulanckiej	egzulancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
egzulanckiej	egzulancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
egzulanckiej	egzulancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
egzulanckiemu	egzulancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulanckim	egzulancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulanckim	egzulancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulanckim	egzulancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
egzulanckimi	egzulancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
egzulancko	egzulancki	adja		daw.
egzulancku	egzulancki	adjp		daw.
egzulancko	egzulancko	adv:pos		
egzulanckościach	egzulanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckościami	egzulanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckością	egzulanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckości	egzulanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckościom	egzulanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckość	egzulanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanckość	egzulanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulancie	egzulant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulancie	egzulant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanci	egzulant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanci	egzulant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantach	egzulant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanta	egzulant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanta	egzulant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantami	egzulant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulant	egzulant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantem	egzulant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantom	egzulant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantowi	egzulant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantów	egzulant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulantów	egzulant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanty	egzulant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulanty	egzulant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
egzulować	egzulować	inf:perf		
egzulowaliby	egzulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
egzulowalibyście	egzulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
egzulowalibyśmy	egzulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
egzulowali	egzulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
egzulowali	egzulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
egzulowaliście	egzulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
egzulowaliśmy	egzulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
egzulowałaby	egzulować	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
egzulowałabym	egzulować	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
egzulowałabyś	egzulować	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
egzulowała	egzulować	praet:sg:f:perf		
egzulowała	egzulować	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
egzulowałam	egzulować	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
egzulowałaś	egzulować	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
egzulowałby	egzulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
egzulowałbym	egzulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
egzulowałbyś	egzulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
egzulował	egzulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
egzulował	egzulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
egzulowałem	egzulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
egzulowałeś	egzulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
egzulowałoby	egzulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
egzulowałobym	egzulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
egzulowałobyś	egzulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
egzulowało	egzulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
egzulowało	egzulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
egzulowałom	egzulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
egzulowałoś	egzulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
egzulowałyby	egzulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
egzulowałybyście	egzulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
egzulowałybyśmy	egzulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
egzulowały	egzulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
egzulowały	egzulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
egzulowałyście	egzulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
egzulowałyśmy	egzulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
egzulowana	egzulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
egzulowaną	egzulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
egzulowane	egzulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
egzulowane	egzulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
egzulowanego	egzulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
egzulowanego	egzulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
egzulowanej	egzulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
egzulowanemu	egzulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
egzulowaniach	egzulować	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowania	egzulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowania	egzulować	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowaniami	egzulować	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowanie	egzulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowani	egzulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
egzulowaniem	egzulować	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowaniom	egzulować	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowaniu	egzulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowano	egzulować	imps:perf		
egzulowanych	egzulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
egzulowanych	egzulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
egzulowany	egzulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
egzulowany	egzulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
egzulowanym	egzulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
egzulowanym	egzulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
egzulowanymi	egzulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
egzulowań	egzulować	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
egzulowawszy	egzulować	pant:perf		
egzulują	egzulować	fin:pl:ter:perf		
egzulujcie	egzulować	impt:pl:sec:perf		
egzulujecie	egzulować	fin:pl:sec:perf		
egzuluje	egzulować	fin:sg:ter:perf		
egzuluj	egzulować	impt:sg:sec:perf		
egzulujemy	egzulować	fin:pl:pri:perf		
egzulujesz	egzulować	fin:sg:sec:perf		
egzuluję	egzulować	fin:sg:pri:perf		
egzulujmy	egzulować	impt:pl:pri:perf		
egzynach	egzyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyna	egzyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzynami	egzyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyną	egzyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyn	egzyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzynę	egzyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzynie	egzyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzynie	egzyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyno	egzyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzynom	egzyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyny	egzyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyny	egzyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyny	egzyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzyny	egzyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjach	egzystencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencja	egzystencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjami	egzystencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencją	egzystencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencje	egzystencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencje	egzystencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencje	egzystencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencję	egzystencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencji	egzystencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
egzystencji	egzystencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencji	egzystencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencji	egzystencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjo	egzystencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjom	egzystencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencyj	egzystencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
egzystencjalistach	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalista	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistami	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistą	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistę	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalisto	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistom	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistów	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistów	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalisty	egzystencjalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalisty	egzystencjalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalisty	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjaliście	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjaliście	egzystencjalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjaliści	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjaliści	egzystencjalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistce	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistce	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistek	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistkach	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistka	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistkami	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistką	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistkę	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistki	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistki	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistki	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistki	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistko	egzystencjalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistkom	egzystencjalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistycznie	egzystencjalistycznie	adv:pos		
egzystencjalistycznościach	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistycznościami	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistycznością	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczności	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistycznościom	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczność	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczność	egzystencjalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalistyczna	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzystencjalistyczną	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzystencjalistyczną	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzystencjalistyczne	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalistyczne	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalistyczne	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistyczne	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistycznego	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzystencjalistycznego	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistycznej	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzystencjalistycznej	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzystencjalistycznej	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzystencjalistycznemu	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistyczni	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjalistyczno	egzystencjalistyczny	adja		
egzystencjalistycznych	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjalistycznych	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalistycznych	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalistyczny	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzystencjalistyczny	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzystencjalistycznym	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalistycznym	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistycznym	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalistycznymi	egzystencjalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalizmach	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmami	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizm	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizm	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmem	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmie	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmie	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmom	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmowi	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmów	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmu	egzystencjalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmy	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmy	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalizmy	egzystencjalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalnie	egzystencjalnie	adv:pos		
egzystencjalnościach	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalnościami	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalnością	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalności	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalnościom	egzystencjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalność	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalność	egzystencjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjalna	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzystencjalną	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzystencjalną	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzystencjalne	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalne	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalne	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalne	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalnego	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzystencjalnego	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalnej	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzystencjalnej	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzystencjalnej	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzystencjalnemu	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalni	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjalno	egzystencjalny	adja		
egzystencjalnych	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjalnych	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalnych	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalny	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzystencjalny	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzystencjalnym	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjalnym	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalnym	egzystencjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjalnymi	egzystencjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalnościach	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalnościami	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalnością	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalności	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalnościom	egzystencjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalność	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalność	egzystencjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
egzystencjonalna	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
egzystencjonalną	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
egzystencjonalną	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
egzystencjonalne	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalne	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalne	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalne	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalnego	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
egzystencjonalnego	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalnej	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
egzystencjonalnej	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
egzystencjonalnej	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
egzystencjonalnemu	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalni	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjonalno	egzystencjonalny	adja		
egzystencjonalnych	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
egzystencjonalnych	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalnych	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalny	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
egzystencjonalny	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
egzystencjonalnym	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystencjonalnym	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalnym	egzystencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
egzystencjonalnymi	egzystencjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
egzystować	egzystować	inf:imperf		
egzystowaliby	egzystować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzystowalibyście	egzystować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzystowalibyśmy	egzystować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzystowali	egzystować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
egzystowali	egzystować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
egzystowaliście	egzystować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
egzystowaliśmy	egzystować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
egzystowałaby	egzystować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzystowałabym	egzystować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzystowałabyś	egzystować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzystowała	egzystować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
egzystowała	egzystować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
egzystowałam	egzystować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
egzystowałaś	egzystować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
egzystowałby	egzystować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzystowałbym	egzystować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzystowałbyś	egzystować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzystował	egzystować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
egzystował	egzystować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
egzystowałem	egzystować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
egzystowałeś	egzystować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
egzystowałoby	egzystować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzystowałobym	egzystować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzystowałobyś	egzystować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzystowało	egzystować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
egzystowało	egzystować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
egzystowałom	egzystować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
egzystowałoś	egzystować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
egzystowałyby	egzystować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzystowałybyście	egzystować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzystowałybyśmy	egzystować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzystowały	egzystować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
egzystowały	egzystować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
egzystowałyście	egzystować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
egzystowałyśmy	egzystować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
egzystowaniach	egzystować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowania	egzystować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowania	egzystować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowaniami	egzystować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowanie	egzystować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowaniem	egzystować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowaniom	egzystować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowaniu	egzystować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystowano	egzystować	imps:imperf		
egzystowań	egzystować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
egzystująca	egzystować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
egzystującą	egzystować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
egzystujące	egzystować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzystujące	egzystować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzystującego	egzystować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
egzystującego	egzystować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzystując	egzystować	pcon:imperf		
egzystującej	egzystować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
egzystującemu	egzystować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzystująco	egzystować	pacta		
egzystujących	egzystować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzystujących	egzystować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzystujący	egzystować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
egzystujący	egzystować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
egzystujący	egzystować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
egzystującym	egzystować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzystującym	egzystować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
egzystującymi	egzystować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
egzystują	egzystować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
egzystujcie	egzystować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
egzystujecie	egzystować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
egzystuje	egzystować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
egzystuj	egzystować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
egzystujemy	egzystować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
egzystujesz	egzystować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
egzystuję	egzystować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
egzystujmy	egzystować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eh	eh	interj		
ehe	ehe	interj		
eichhorniach	eichhornia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornia	eichhornia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorniami	eichhornia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornią	eichhornia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornie	eichhornia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornie	eichhornia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornie	eichhornia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorni	eichhornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eichhorni	eichhornia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorni	eichhornia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorni	eichhornia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornię	eichhornia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhornio	eichhornia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorniom	eichhornia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eichhorń	eichhornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
einsteinach	einstein	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteina	einstein	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinami	einstein	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einstein	einstein	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einstein	einstein	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinem	einstein	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinie	einstein	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinie	einstein	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinom	einstein	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowi	einstein	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinów	einstein	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinu	einstein	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteiny	einstein	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteiny	einstein	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteiny	einstein	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowscy	einsteinowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
einsteinowska	einsteinowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
einsteinowską	einsteinowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
einsteinowską	einsteinowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
einsteinowskich	einsteinowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
einsteinowskich	einsteinowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowskich	einsteinowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowskie	einsteinowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowskie	einsteinowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowskie	einsteinowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowskie	einsteinowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowskiego	einsteinowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
einsteinowskiego	einsteinowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowski	einsteinowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
einsteinowski	einsteinowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
einsteinowskiej	einsteinowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
einsteinowskiej	einsteinowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
einsteinowskiej	einsteinowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
einsteinowskiemu	einsteinowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowskim	einsteinowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowskim	einsteinowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowskim	einsteinowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
einsteinowskimi	einsteinowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
einsteinowsko	einsteinowski	adja		
einsteinowsku	einsteinowski	adjp		
einsteinowsko	einsteinowsko	adv:pos		
einsteinowskościach	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskościami	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskością	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskości	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskościom	einsteinowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskość	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
einsteinowskość	einsteinowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eis	eis	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
eis	eis	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
ej	ej	interj		
ejakulacjach	ejakulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacja	ejakulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacjami	ejakulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacją	ejakulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacje	ejakulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacje	ejakulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacje	ejakulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulację	ejakulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacji	ejakulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ejakulacji	ejakulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacji	ejakulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacji	ejakulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacjo	ejakulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacjom	ejakulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacyj	ejakulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ejakulacie	ejakulat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulacie	ejakulat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatach	ejakulat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatami	ejakulat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulat	ejakulat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulat	ejakulat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatem	ejakulat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatom	ejakulat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatowi	ejakulat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatów	ejakulat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulatu	ejakulat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulaty	ejakulat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulaty	ejakulat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulaty	ejakulat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejakulować	ejakulować	inf:imperf.perf		
ejakulowaliby	ejakulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowalibyście	ejakulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowalibyśmy	ejakulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowali	ejakulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ejakulowali	ejakulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowaliście	ejakulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowaliśmy	ejakulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałaby	ejakulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałabym	ejakulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałabyś	ejakulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowała	ejakulować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ejakulowała	ejakulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałam	ejakulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałaś	ejakulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałby	ejakulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałbym	ejakulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałbyś	ejakulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulował	ejakulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ejakulował	ejakulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałem	ejakulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałeś	ejakulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałoby	ejakulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałobym	ejakulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałobyś	ejakulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowało	ejakulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ejakulowało	ejakulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałom	ejakulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałoś	ejakulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałyby	ejakulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałybyście	ejakulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałybyśmy	ejakulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowały	ejakulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ejakulowały	ejakulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałyście	ejakulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulowałyśmy	ejakulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulowaniach	ejakulować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowania	ejakulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowania	ejakulować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowaniami	ejakulować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowanie	ejakulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowaniem	ejakulować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowaniom	ejakulować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowaniu	ejakulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowano	ejakulować	imps:imperf.perf		
ejakulowań	ejakulować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ejakulowawszy	ejakulować	pant:perf		
ejakulująca	ejakulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ejakulującą	ejakulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ejakulujące	ejakulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ejakulujące	ejakulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ejakulującego	ejakulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ejakulującego	ejakulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ejakulując	ejakulować	pcon:imperf		
ejakulującej	ejakulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ejakulującemu	ejakulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ejakulująco	ejakulować	pacta		
ejakulujących	ejakulować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ejakulujących	ejakulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ejakulujący	ejakulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ejakulujący	ejakulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ejakulujący	ejakulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ejakulującym	ejakulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ejakulującym	ejakulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ejakulującymi	ejakulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ejakulują	ejakulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakulujcie	ejakulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulujecie	ejakulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakuluje	ejakulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ejakuluj	ejakulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakulujemy	ejakulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulujesz	ejakulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ejakuluję	ejakulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ejakulujmy	ejakulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ejdetyczce	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczce	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczek	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczkach	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczka	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczkami	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczką	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczkę	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczki	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczki	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczki	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczki	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczko	ejdetyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczkom	ejdetyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetycznie	ejdetycznie	adv:pos		
ejdetycznościach	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetycznościami	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetycznością	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczności	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetycznościom	ejdetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczność	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczność	ejdetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyczna	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ejdetyczną	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ejdetyczną	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ejdetyczne	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetyczne	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetyczne	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ejdetyczne	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ejdetycznego	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ejdetycznego	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejdetycznej	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ejdetycznej	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ejdetycznej	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ejdetycznemu	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejdetyczni	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ejdetyczno	ejdetyczny	adja		
ejdetycznych	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ejdetycznych	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetycznych	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetyczny	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ejdetyczny	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ejdetycznym	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetycznym	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejdetycznym	ejdetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejdetycznymi	ejdetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejdetycy	ejdetyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetycy	ejdetyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetykach	ejdetyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyka	ejdetyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyka	ejdetyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetykami	ejdetyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyk	ejdetyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyki	ejdetyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyki	ejdetyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetykiem	ejdetyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetykom	ejdetyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetykowi	ejdetyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyków	ejdetyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyków	ejdetyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyku	ejdetyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyku	ejdetyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmach	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmami	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzm	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzm	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmem	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmie	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmie	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmom	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmowi	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmów	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmu	ejdetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmy	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmy	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejdetyzmy	ejdetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorach	ejektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektora	ejektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorami	ejektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektor	ejektor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektor	ejektor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorem	ejektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorom	ejektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorowi	ejektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorów	ejektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektory	ejektor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektory	ejektor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektory	ejektor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorze	ejektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektorze	ejektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywnościach	ejektywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywnościami	ejektywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywnością	ejektywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywności	ejektywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywnościom	ejektywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywność	ejektywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywność	ejektywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ejektywna	ejektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ejektywną	ejektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ejektywną	ejektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ejektywne	ejektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ejektywne	ejektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ejektywne	ejektywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ejektywne	ejektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ejektywnego	ejektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ejektywnego	ejektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejektywnej	ejektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ejektywnej	ejektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ejektywnej	ejektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ejektywnemu	ejektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejektywni	ejektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ejektywno	ejektywny	adja		
ejektywnych	ejektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ejektywnych	ejektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejektywnych	ejektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejektywny	ejektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ejektywny	ejektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ejektywnym	ejektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejektywnym	ejektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejektywnym	ejektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ejektywnymi	ejektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ejrometrach	ejrometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrami	ejrometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometr	ejrometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometr	ejrometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrem	ejrometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrom	ejrometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrowi	ejrometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrów	ejrometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometru	ejrometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometry	ejrometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometry	ejrometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometry	ejrometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrze	ejrometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejrometrze	ejrometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ejże	ejże	interj		
eka-pierwiastek	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastek	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastkach	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastka	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastkami	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastki	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastki	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastki	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastkiem	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastkom	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastkowi	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastków	eka-pierwiastek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastku	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eka-pierwiastku	eka-pierwiastek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekarte	ekarte	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|karc.
ekierce	ekierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierce	ekierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierek	ekierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierkach	ekierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierka	ekierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierkami	ekierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierką	ekierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierkę	ekierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierki	ekierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierki	ekierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierki	ekierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierki	ekierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierko	ekierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekierkom	ekierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipach	ekipa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipa	ekipa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipami	ekipa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipą	ekipa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekip	ekipa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipę	ekipa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipie	ekipa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipie	ekipa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipo	ekipa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipom	ekipa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipy	ekipa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipy	ekipa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipy	ekipa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekipy	ekipa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekiwokach	ekiwok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwokami	ekiwok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwok	ekiwok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwok	ekiwok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoki	ekiwok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoki	ekiwok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoki	ekiwok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwokiem	ekiwok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwokom	ekiwok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwokowi	ekiwok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoków	ekiwok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoku	ekiwok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoku	ekiwok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekiwoku	ekiwok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eklampsjach	eklampsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsja	eklampsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsjami	eklampsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsją	eklampsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsje	eklampsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsje	eklampsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsje	eklampsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsję	eklampsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsji	eklampsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eklampsji	eklampsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsji	eklampsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsji	eklampsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsjo	eklampsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsjom	eklampsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklampsyj	eklampsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eklektycznie	eklektycznie	adv:pos		
eklektycznościach	eklektyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektycznościami	eklektyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektycznością	eklektyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczności	eklektyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektycznościom	eklektyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczność	eklektyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczność	eklektyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyczna	eklektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eklektyczną	eklektyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eklektyczną	eklektyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eklektyczne	eklektyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklektyczne	eklektyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklektyczne	eklektyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eklektyczne	eklektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eklektycznego	eklektyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eklektycznego	eklektyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklektycznej	eklektyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eklektycznej	eklektyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eklektycznej	eklektyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eklektycznemu	eklektyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklektyczni	eklektyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eklektyczno	eklektyczny	adja		
eklektycznych	eklektyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eklektycznych	eklektyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklektycznych	eklektyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklektyczny	eklektyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eklektyczny	eklektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eklektycznym	eklektyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklektycznym	eklektyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklektycznym	eklektyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklektycznymi	eklektyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklektycy	eklektyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektycy	eklektyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykach	eklektyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyka	eklektyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyka	eklektyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykami	eklektyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyk	eklektyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykiem	eklektyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykom	eklektyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykowi	eklektyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyków	eklektyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyków	eklektyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyku	eklektyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyku	eklektyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyce	eklektyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyce	eklektyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykach	eklektyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyka	eklektyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykami	eklektyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyką	eklektyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyk	eklektyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykę	eklektyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyki	eklektyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyko	eklektyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektykom	eklektyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmach	eklektyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmami	eklektyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzm	eklektyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzm	eklektyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmem	eklektyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmie	eklektyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmie	eklektyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmom	eklektyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmowi	eklektyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmów	eklektyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmu	eklektyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmy	eklektyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmy	eklektyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklektyzmy	eklektyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerach	ekler	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerach	ekler	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklera	ekler	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklera	ekler	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklera	ekler	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerami	ekler	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerami	ekler	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekler	ekler	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekler	ekler	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ekler	ekler	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerem	ekler	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerem	ekler	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerom	ekler	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerom	ekler	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerowi	ekler	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerowi	ekler	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerów	ekler	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerów	ekler	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklery	ekler	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerze	ekler	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerze	ekler	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerze	ekler	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eklerze	ekler	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerek	eklerek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerek	eklerek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerek	eklerek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkach	eklerek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkach	eklerek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerka	eklerek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerka	eklerek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerka	eklerek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkami	eklerek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkami	eklerek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkiem	eklerek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkiem	eklerek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkom	eklerek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkom	eklerek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkowi	eklerek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkowi	eklerek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerków	eklerek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerków	eklerek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerku	eklerek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerku	eklerek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklerku	eklerek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklerku	eklerek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklererach	eklerer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerera	eklerer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerera	eklerer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererami	eklerer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerer	eklerer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererem	eklerer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererom	eklerer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererowie	eklerer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererowie	eklerer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererowi	eklerer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererów	eklerer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererów	eklerer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerery	eklerer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerery	eklerer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererze	eklerer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererze	eklerer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererzy	eklerer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklererzy	eklerer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eklerce	eklerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerce	eklerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerek	eklerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkach	eklerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerka	eklerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkami	eklerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerką	eklerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkę	eklerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerki	eklerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerko	eklerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklerkom	eklerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjach	eklezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezja	eklezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjami	eklezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezją	eklezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezje	eklezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezje	eklezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezje	eklezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezję	eklezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezji	eklezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eklezji	eklezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezji	eklezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezji	eklezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjo	eklezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjom	eklezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezyj	eklezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eklezjalnościach	eklezjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalnościami	eklezjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalnością	eklezjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalności	eklezjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalnościom	eklezjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalność	eklezjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalność	eklezjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjalna	eklezjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eklezjalną	eklezjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eklezjalną	eklezjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eklezjalne	eklezjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjalne	eklezjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjalne	eklezjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalne	eklezjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalnego	eklezjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eklezjalnego	eklezjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalnej	eklezjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eklezjalnej	eklezjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eklezjalnej	eklezjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eklezjalnemu	eklezjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalni	eklezjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjalno	eklezjalny	adja		
eklezjalnych	eklezjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjalnych	eklezjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjalnych	eklezjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjalny	eklezjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eklezjalny	eklezjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eklezjalnym	eklezjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjalnym	eklezjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalnym	eklezjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjalnymi	eklezjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastach	eklezjasta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjasta	eklezjasta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastami	eklezjasta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastą	eklezjasta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastę	eklezjasta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjasto	eklezjasta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastom	eklezjasta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastów	eklezjasta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastów	eklezjasta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjasty	eklezjasta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjasty	eklezjasta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjasty	eklezjasta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjaście	eklezjasta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjaście	eklezjasta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjaści	eklezjasta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjaści	eklezjasta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastycznościach	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastycznościami	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastycznością	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczności	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastycznościom	eklezjastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczność	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczność	eklezjastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjastyczna	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eklezjastyczną	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eklezjastyczną	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eklezjastyczne	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastyczne	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastyczne	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastyczne	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastycznego	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eklezjastycznego	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastycznej	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eklezjastycznej	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eklezjastycznej	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eklezjastycznemu	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastyczni	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjastyczno	eklezjastyczny	adja		
eklezjastycznych	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjastycznych	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastycznych	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastyczny	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eklezjastyczny	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eklezjastycznym	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjastycznym	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastycznym	eklezjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjastycznymi	eklezjastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologiach	eklezjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologia	eklezjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiami	eklezjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologią	eklezjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologie	eklezjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologie	eklezjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologie	eklezjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologię	eklezjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologii	eklezjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eklezjologii	eklezjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologii	eklezjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologii	eklezjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologij	eklezjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eklezjologio	eklezjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiom	eklezjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologicznościach	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologicznościami	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologicznością	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczności	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologicznościom	eklezjologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczność	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczność	eklezjologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklezjologiczna	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eklezjologiczną	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eklezjologiczną	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eklezjologiczne	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologiczne	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologiczne	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologiczne	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologicznego	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eklezjologicznego	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologicznej	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eklezjologicznej	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eklezjologicznej	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eklezjologicznemu	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologiczni	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjologiczno	eklezjologiczny	adja		
eklezjologicznych	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eklezjologicznych	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologicznych	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologiczny	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eklezjologiczny	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eklezjologicznym	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklezjologicznym	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologicznym	eklezjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eklezjologicznymi	eklezjologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eklimetrach	eklimetr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrami	eklimetr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetr	eklimetr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetr	eklimetr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrem	eklimetr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrom	eklimetr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrowi	eklimetr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrów	eklimetr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetru	eklimetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetry	eklimetr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetry	eklimetr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetry	eklimetr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrze	eklimetr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eklimetrze	eklimetr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptycznościach	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptycznościami	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptycznością	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczności	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptycznościom	ekliptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczność	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczność	ekliptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyczna	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekliptyczną	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekliptyczną	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekliptyczne	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptyczne	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptyczne	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekliptyczne	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekliptycznego	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekliptycznego	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekliptycznej	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekliptycznej	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekliptycznej	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekliptycznemu	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekliptyczni	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekliptyczno	ekliptyczny	adja		
ekliptycznych	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekliptycznych	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptycznych	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptyczny	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekliptyczny	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekliptycznym	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptycznym	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekliptycznym	ekliptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekliptycznymi	ekliptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekliptyce	ekliptyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyce	ekliptyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptykach	ekliptyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyka	ekliptyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptykami	ekliptyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyką	ekliptyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyk	ekliptyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptykę	ekliptyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyki	ekliptyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyki	ekliptyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyki	ekliptyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyki	ekliptyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptyko	ekliptyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekliptykom	ekliptyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklodze	ekloga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklodze	ekloga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogach	ekloga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekloga	ekloga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogami	ekloga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogą	ekloga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklog	ekloga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogę	ekloga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogi	ekloga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogi	ekloga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogi	ekloga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogi	ekloga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogo	ekloga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eklogom	ekloga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofiach	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofia	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofiami	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofią	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofie	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofie	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofie	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofię	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofii	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekofilozofii	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofii	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofii	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofij	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekofilozofio	ekofilozofia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekofilozofiom	ekofilozofia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimacie	ekoklimat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimacie	ekoklimat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatach	ekoklimat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatami	ekoklimat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimat	ekoklimat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimat	ekoklimat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatem	ekoklimat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatom	ekoklimat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatowi	ekoklimat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatów	ekoklimat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimatu	ekoklimat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimaty	ekoklimat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimaty	ekoklimat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoklimaty	ekoklimat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersjach	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersja	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersjami	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersją	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersje	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersje	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersje	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersję	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersji	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekokonwersji	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersji	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersji	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersjo	ekokonwersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersjom	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekokonwersyj	ekokonwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekolodzy	ekolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekolodzy	ekolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologach	ekolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologa	ekolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologa	ekolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologami	ekolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekolog	ekolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologi	ekolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekologi	ekolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiem	ekolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologom	ekolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologowie	ekolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologowie	ekolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologowi	ekolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologów	ekolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologów	ekolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologu	ekolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologu	ekolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiach	ekologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologia	ekologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiami	ekologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologią	ekologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologie	ekologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologie	ekologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologie	ekologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologię	ekologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologii	ekologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekologii	ekologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologii	ekologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologii	ekologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologij	ekologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekologio	ekologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiom	ekologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologicznie	ekologicznie	adv:pos		
ekologiczniej	ekologicznie	adv:com		
ekologicznościach	ekologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologicznościami	ekologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologicznością	ekologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczności	ekologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologicznościom	ekologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczność	ekologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczność	ekologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiczna	ekologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekologiczną	ekologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekologiczną	ekologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekologiczne	ekologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekologiczne	ekologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekologiczne	ekologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekologiczne	ekologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekologicznego	ekologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekologicznego	ekologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologicznej	ekologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekologicznej	ekologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekologicznej	ekologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekologicznemu	ekologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologiczni	ekologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekologiczno	ekologiczny	adja		
ekologicznych	ekologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekologicznych	ekologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologicznych	ekologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologiczny	ekologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekologiczny	ekologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekologicznym	ekologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologicznym	ekologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologicznym	ekologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologicznymi	ekologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistach	ekologista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologista	ekologista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistami	ekologista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistą	ekologista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistę	ekologista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologisto	ekologista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistom	ekologista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistów	ekologista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistów	ekologista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologisty	ekologista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekologisty	ekologista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekologisty	ekologista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiście	ekologista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiście	ekologista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiści	ekologista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologiści	ekologista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistycznościach	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistycznościami	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistycznością	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczności	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistycznościom	ekologistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczność	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczność	ekologistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekologistyczna	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekologistyczną	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekologistyczną	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekologistyczne	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistyczne	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistyczne	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekologistyczne	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekologistycznego	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekologistycznego	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologistycznej	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekologistycznej	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekologistycznej	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekologistycznemu	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologistyczni	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekologistyczno	ekologistyczny	adja		
ekologistycznych	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekologistycznych	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistycznych	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistyczny	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekologistyczny	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekologistycznym	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologistycznym	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologistycznym	ekologistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekologistycznymi	ekologistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekologizmach	ekologizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmami	ekologizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizm	ekologizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizm	ekologizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmem	ekologizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmie	ekologizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmie	ekologizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmom	ekologizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmowi	ekologizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmów	ekologizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmu	ekologizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmy	ekologizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmy	ekologizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekologizmy	ekologizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożce	ekolożka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożce	ekolożka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożek	ekolożka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożkach	ekolożka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożka	ekolożka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożkami	ekolożka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożką	ekolożka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożkę	ekolożka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożki	ekolożka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożki	ekolożka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożki	ekolożka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożki	ekolożka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożko	ekolożka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekolożkom	ekolożka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomach	ekonom	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonoma	ekonom	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonoma	ekonom	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomami	ekonom	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonom	ekonom	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomem	ekonom	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomie	ekonom	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomie	ekonom	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomi	ekonom	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomi	ekonom	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomom	ekonom	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowie	ekonom	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowie	ekonom	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowi	ekonom	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomów	ekonom	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomów	ekonom	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomy	ekonom	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomy	ekonom	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerach	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzera	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerami	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzer	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzer	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerem	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerom	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerowi	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerów	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzery	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzery	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzery	ekonomajzer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerze	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomajzerze	ekonomajzer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukach	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuka	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuka	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukami	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuk	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuki	ekonomczuk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuki	ekonomczuk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukiem	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukom	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukowie	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukowie	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczukowi	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuków	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuków	ekonomczuk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuku	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomczuku	ekonomczuk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometriach	ekonometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometria	ekonometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometriami	ekonometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrią	ekonometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrie	ekonometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrie	ekonometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrie	ekonometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrię	ekonometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrii	ekonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekonometrii	ekonometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrii	ekonometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrii	ekonometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrio	ekonometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometriom	ekonometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryj	ekonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekonometrycznościach	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrycznościami	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrycznością	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczności	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrycznościom	ekonometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczność	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczność	ekonometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryczna	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekonometryczną	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekonometryczną	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekonometryczne	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometryczne	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometryczne	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonometryczne	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonometrycznego	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekonometrycznego	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonometrycznej	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekonometrycznej	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekonometrycznej	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekonometrycznemu	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonometryczni	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonometryczno	ekonometryczny	adja		
ekonometrycznych	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonometrycznych	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometrycznych	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometryczny	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekonometryczny	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekonometrycznym	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometrycznym	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonometrycznym	ekonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonometrycznymi	ekonometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonometrycy	ekonometryk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrycy	ekonometryk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrykach	ekonometryk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryka	ekonometryk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryka	ekonometryk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrykami	ekonometryk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryk	ekonometryk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryki	ekonometryk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryki	ekonometryk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrykiem	ekonometryk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrykom	ekonometryk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometrykowi	ekonometryk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryków	ekonometryk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryków	ekonometryk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryku	ekonometryk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonometryku	ekonometryk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiach	ekonomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomia	ekonomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiami	ekonomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomią	ekonomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomie	ekonomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomie	ekonomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomie	ekonomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomię	ekonomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomii	ekonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekonomii	ekonomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomii	ekonomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomii	ekonomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomij	ekonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekonomio	ekonomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiom	ekonomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomicznie	ekonomicznie	adv:pos		
ekonomiczniej	ekonomicznie	adv:com		
ekonomicznościach	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomicznościami	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomicznością	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczności	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomicznościom	ekonomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczność	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczność	ekonomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiczna	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekonomiczną	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekonomiczną	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekonomiczne	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomiczne	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomiczne	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonomiczne	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonomicznego	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekonomicznego	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomicznej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekonomicznej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekonomicznej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekonomicznemu	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomiczniejsi	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
ekonomiczniejsza	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
ekonomiczniejszą	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
ekonomiczniejszą	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
ekonomiczniejsze	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczniejsze	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczniejsze	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejsze	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejszego	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
ekonomiczniejszego	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejszej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
ekonomiczniejszej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
ekonomiczniejszej	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
ekonomiczniejszemu	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejszych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
ekonomiczniejszych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczniejszych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczniejszy	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
ekonomiczniejszy	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
ekonomiczniejszym	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczniejszym	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejszym	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekonomiczniejszymi	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekonomiczni	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonomiczno	ekonomiczny	adja		
ekonomicznych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonomicznych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomicznych	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomiczny	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekonomiczny	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekonomicznym	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomicznym	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomicznym	ekonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomicznymi	ekonomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomicy	ekonomik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomicy	ekonomik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomikach	ekonomik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomika	ekonomik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomika	ekonomik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomikami	ekonomik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomik	ekonomik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomiki	ekonomik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomiki	ekonomik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomikiem	ekonomik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomikom	ekonomik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomikowi	ekonomik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomików	ekonomik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomików	ekonomik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomiku	ekonomik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomiku	ekonomik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomice	ekonomika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomice	ekonomika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomikach	ekonomika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomika	ekonomika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomikami	ekonomika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiką	ekonomika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomik	ekonomika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomikę	ekonomika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiki	ekonomika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiki	ekonomika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiki	ekonomika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiki	ekonomika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiko	ekonomika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomikom	ekonomika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistach	ekonomista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomista	ekonomista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistami	ekonomista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistą	ekonomista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistę	ekonomista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomisto	ekonomista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistom	ekonomista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistów	ekonomista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistów	ekonomista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomisty	ekonomista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomisty	ekonomista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomisty	ekonomista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiście	ekonomista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiście	ekonomista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiści	ekonomista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomiści	ekonomista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistce	ekonomistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistce	ekonomistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistek	ekonomistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistkach	ekonomistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistka	ekonomistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistkami	ekonomistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistką	ekonomistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistkę	ekonomistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistki	ekonomistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistki	ekonomistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistki	ekonomistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistki	ekonomistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistko	ekonomistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomistkom	ekonomistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacjach	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacja	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacjami	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacją	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacje	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacje	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacje	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizację	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacji	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekonomizacji	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacji	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacji	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacjo	ekonomizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacjom	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizacyj	ekonomizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekonomizerach	ekonomizer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizera	ekonomizer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerami	ekonomizer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizer	ekonomizer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizer	ekonomizer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerem	ekonomizer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerom	ekonomizer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerowi	ekonomizer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerów	ekonomizer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizery	ekonomizer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizery	ekonomizer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizery	ekonomizer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerze	ekonomizer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizerze	ekonomizer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmach	ekonomizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmami	ekonomizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizm	ekonomizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizm	ekonomizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmem	ekonomizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmie	ekonomizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmie	ekonomizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmom	ekonomizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmowi	ekonomizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmów	ekonomizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmu	ekonomizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmy	ekonomizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmy	ekonomizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizmy	ekonomizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomizować	ekonomizować	inf:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowaliby	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowalibyście	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowalibyśmy	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowali	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowali	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowaliście	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowaliśmy	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałaby	ekonomizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałabym	ekonomizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałabyś	ekonomizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowała	ekonomizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowała	ekonomizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałam	ekonomizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałaś	ekonomizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałby	ekonomizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałbym	ekonomizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałbyś	ekonomizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizował	ekonomizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
ekonomizował	ekonomizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałem	ekonomizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałeś	ekonomizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałoby	ekonomizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałobym	ekonomizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałobyś	ekonomizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowało	ekonomizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowało	ekonomizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałom	ekonomizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałoś	ekonomizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałyby	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałybyście	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałybyśmy	ekonomizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowały	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowały	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałyście	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowałyśmy	ekonomizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowana	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaną	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowane	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowane	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanego	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanego	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanej	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanemu	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaniach	ekonomizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowania	ekonomizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowania	ekonomizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaniami	ekonomizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanie	ekonomizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowani	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaniem	ekonomizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaniom	ekonomizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowaniu	ekonomizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowano	ekonomizować	imps:imperf		przest.
ekonomizowanych	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanych	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowany	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowany	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanym	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanym	ekonomizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowanymi	ekonomizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizowań	ekonomizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizująca	ekonomizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującą	ekonomizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujące	ekonomizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujące	ekonomizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującego	ekonomizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującego	ekonomizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującej	ekonomizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomizując	ekonomizować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ekonomizującemu	ekonomizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizująco	ekonomizować	pacta		
ekonomizujących	ekonomizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujących	ekonomizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujący	ekonomizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujący	ekonomizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizujący	ekonomizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującym	ekonomizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującym	ekonomizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomizującymi	ekonomizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomizują	ekonomizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizujcie	ekonomizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizujecie	ekonomizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizuje	ekonomizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomizuj	ekonomizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizujemy	ekonomizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizujesz	ekonomizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomizuję	ekonomizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomizujmy	ekonomizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomce	ekonomka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomce	ekonomka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomek	ekonomka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomkach	ekonomka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomka	ekonomka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomkami	ekonomka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomką	ekonomka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomkę	ekonomka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomki	ekonomka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomki	ekonomka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomki	ekonomka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomki	ekonomka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomko	ekonomka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomkom	ekonomka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekonomowa	ekonomowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomową	ekonomowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomową	ekonomowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowe	ekonomowa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowe	ekonomowa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowe	ekonomowa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowej	ekonomowa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowej	ekonomowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowej	ekonomowa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowo	ekonomowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowych	ekonomowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowych	ekonomowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowym	ekonomowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomowymi	ekonomowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomować	ekonomować	inf:imperf		przest.
ekonomowaliby	ekonomować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowalibyście	ekonomować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowalibyśmy	ekonomować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowali	ekonomować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
ekonomowali	ekonomować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowaliście	ekonomować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowaliśmy	ekonomować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałaby	ekonomować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałabym	ekonomować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałabyś	ekonomować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowała	ekonomować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
ekonomowała	ekonomować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałam	ekonomować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałaś	ekonomować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałby	ekonomować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałbym	ekonomować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałbyś	ekonomować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomował	ekonomować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
ekonomował	ekonomować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałem	ekonomować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałeś	ekonomować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałoby	ekonomować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałobym	ekonomować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałobyś	ekonomować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowało	ekonomować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
ekonomowało	ekonomować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałom	ekonomować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałoś	ekonomować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałyby	ekonomować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałybyście	ekonomować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałybyśmy	ekonomować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowały	ekonomować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
ekonomowały	ekonomować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałyście	ekonomować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomowałyśmy	ekonomować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomowaniach	ekonomować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowania	ekonomować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowania	ekonomować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowaniami	ekonomować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowanie	ekonomować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowaniem	ekonomować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowaniom	ekonomować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowaniu	ekonomować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomowano	ekonomować	imps:imperf		przest.
ekonomowań	ekonomować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomująca	ekonomować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomującą	ekonomować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomujące	ekonomować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomujące	ekonomować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomującego	ekonomować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekonomującego	ekonomować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomującej	ekonomować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekonomując	ekonomować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ekonomującemu	ekonomować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomująco	ekonomować	pacta		
ekonomujących	ekonomować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomujących	ekonomować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomujący	ekonomować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekonomujący	ekonomować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomujący	ekonomować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekonomującym	ekonomować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomującym	ekonomować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekonomującymi	ekonomować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekonomują	ekonomować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomujcie	ekonomować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomujecie	ekonomować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomuje	ekonomować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
ekonomuj	ekonomować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomujemy	ekonomować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomujesz	ekonomować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekonomuję	ekonomować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomujmy	ekonomować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ekonomówce	ekonomówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówce	ekonomówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówek	ekonomówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówkach	ekonomówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówka	ekonomówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówkami	ekonomówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówką	ekonomówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówkę	ekonomówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówki	ekonomówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówki	ekonomówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówki	ekonomówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówki	ekonomówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówko	ekonomówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówkom	ekonomówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekonomówien	ekonomówna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównach	ekonomówna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówna	ekonomówna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównami	ekonomówna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówną	ekonomówna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównę	ekonomówna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównie	ekonomówna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównie	ekonomówna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówno	ekonomówna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomównom	ekonomówna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówny	ekonomówna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówny	ekonomówna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówny	ekonomówna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomówny	ekonomówna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomscy	ekonomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonomska	ekonomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekonomską	ekonomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekonomską	ekonomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekonomskich	ekonomski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekonomskich	ekonomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomskich	ekonomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomskie	ekonomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomskie	ekonomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomskie	ekonomski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskie	ekonomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskiego	ekonomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekonomskiego	ekonomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskiej	ekonomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekonomskiej	ekonomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekonomskiej	ekonomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekonomski	ekonomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekonomski	ekonomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekonomskiemu	ekonomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskim	ekonomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomskim	ekonomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskim	ekonomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekonomskimi	ekonomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekonomsko	ekonomski	adja		
ekonomsku	ekonomski	adjp		
ekonomsko	ekonomsko	adv:pos		
ekonomskościach	ekonomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskościami	ekonomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskością	ekonomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskości	ekonomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskościom	ekonomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskość	ekonomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomskość	ekonomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwach	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwa	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwa	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwa	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwa	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwami	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstw	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwem	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwie	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwo	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwo	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwo	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwom	ekonomstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekonomstwu	ekonomstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwach	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwa	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwa	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwa	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwa	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwami	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliw	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwem	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwie	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwo	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwo	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwo	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwom	ekopaliwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekopaliwu	ekopaliwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojach	ekorozwój	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojami	ekorozwój	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoje	ekorozwój	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoje	ekorozwój	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoje	ekorozwój	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojem	ekorozwój	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojom	ekorozwój	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojowi	ekorozwój	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwojów	ekorozwój	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoju	ekorozwój	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoju	ekorozwój	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwoju	ekorozwój	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwój	ekorozwój	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekorozwój	ekorozwój	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferach	ekosfera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfera	ekosfera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferami	ekosfera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferą	ekosfera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfer	ekosfera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferę	ekosfera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfero	ekosfera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferom	ekosfera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfery	ekosfera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfery	ekosfera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfery	ekosfera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosfery	ekosfera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferze	ekosfera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosferze	ekosfera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemach	ekosystem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemami	ekosystem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystem	ekosystem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystem	ekosystem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemem	ekosystem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemie	ekosystem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemie	ekosystem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemom	ekosystem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemowi	ekosystem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemów	ekosystem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemu	ekosystem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemy	ekosystem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemy	ekosystem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemy	ekosystem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
ekosystemowościach	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowościami	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowością	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowości	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowościom	ekosystemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowość	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowość	ekosystemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekosystemowa	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekosystemową	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekosystemową	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekosystemowe	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekosystemowe	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekosystemowe	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowe	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowego	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekosystemowego	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowej	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekosystemowej	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekosystemowej	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekosystemowemu	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowi	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekosystemowo	ekosystemowy	adja		
ekosystemowych	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekosystemowych	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekosystemowych	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekosystemowy	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekosystemowy	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekosystemowym	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekosystemowym	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowym	ekosystemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekosystemowymi	ekosystemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekotażach	ekotaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażami	ekotaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaże	ekotaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaże	ekotaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaże	ekotaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaż	ekotaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaż	ekotaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażem	ekotaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażom	ekotaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażowi	ekotaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażów	ekotaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażu	ekotaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażu	ekotaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotażu	ekotaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotaży	ekotaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonach	ekoton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonami	ekoton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoton	ekoton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekoton	ekoton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonem	ekoton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonie	ekoton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonie	ekoton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonom	ekoton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonowi	ekoton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonów	ekoton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotonu	ekoton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotony	ekoton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotony	ekoton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotony	ekoton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopach	ekotop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopami	ekotop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotop	ekotop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotop	ekotop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopem	ekotop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopie	ekotop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopie	ekotop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopom	ekotop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopowi	ekotop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopów	ekotop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopu	ekotop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopy	ekotop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopy	ekotop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotopy	ekotop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypach	ekotyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypami	ekotyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotyp	ekotyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotyp	ekotyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypem	ekotyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypie	ekotyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypie	ekotyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypom	ekotyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypowi	ekotyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypów	ekotyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypu	ekotyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypy	ekotyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypy	ekotyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekotypy	ekotyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranach	ekran	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranami	ekran	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekran	ekran	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekran	ekran	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranem	ekran	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranie	ekran	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranie	ekran	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranom	ekran	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowi	ekran	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranów	ekran	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranu	ekran	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrany	ekran	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrany	ekran	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrany	ekran	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranikach	ekranik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranika	ekranik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranikami	ekranik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranik	ekranik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranik	ekranik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniki	ekranik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniki	ekranik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniki	ekranik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranikiem	ekranik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranikom	ekranik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranikowi	ekranik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraników	ekranik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniku	ekranik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniku	ekranik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekraniku	ekranik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacjach	ekranizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacja	ekranizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacjami	ekranizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacją	ekranizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacje	ekranizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacje	ekranizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacje	ekranizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizację	ekranizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacji	ekranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekranizacji	ekranizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacji	ekranizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacji	ekranizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacjo	ekranizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacjom	ekranizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizacyj	ekranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekranizatorach	ekranizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatora	ekranizator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatora	ekranizator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorami	ekranizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizator	ekranizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorem	ekranizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorom	ekranizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorowi	ekranizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorów	ekranizator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorów	ekranizator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatory	ekranizator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatory	ekranizator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorze	ekranizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorze	ekranizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorzy	ekranizator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizatorzy	ekranizator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekranizować	ekranizować	inf:imperf		
ekranizowaliby	ekranizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekranizowalibyście	ekranizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekranizowalibyśmy	ekranizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekranizowali	ekranizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekranizowali	ekranizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekranizowaliście	ekranizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekranizowaliśmy	ekranizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałaby	ekranizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałabym	ekranizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałabyś	ekranizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekranizowała	ekranizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekranizowała	ekranizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałam	ekranizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałaś	ekranizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekranizowałby	ekranizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałbym	ekranizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałbyś	ekranizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekranizował	ekranizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekranizował	ekranizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałem	ekranizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałeś	ekranizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekranizowałoby	ekranizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałobym	ekranizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałobyś	ekranizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekranizowało	ekranizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekranizowało	ekranizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałom	ekranizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekranizowałoś	ekranizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekranizowałyby	ekranizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałybyście	ekranizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekranizowałybyśmy	ekranizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekranizowały	ekranizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekranizowały	ekranizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekranizowałyście	ekranizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekranizowałyśmy	ekranizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekranizowana	ekranizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaną	ekranizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizowane	ekranizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowane	ekranizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanego	ekranizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanego	ekranizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanej	ekranizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanemu	ekranizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaniach	ekranizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowania	ekranizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowania	ekranizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaniami	ekranizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanie	ekranizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowani	ekranizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaniem	ekranizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaniom	ekranizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowaniu	ekranizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowano	ekranizować	imps:imperf		
ekranizowanych	ekranizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanych	ekranizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowany	ekranizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowany	ekranizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanym	ekranizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanym	ekranizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizowanymi	ekranizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizowań	ekranizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizująca	ekranizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizującą	ekranizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizujące	ekranizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizujące	ekranizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizującego	ekranizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekranizującego	ekranizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizującej	ekranizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranizując	ekranizować	pcon:imperf		
ekranizującemu	ekranizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizująco	ekranizować	pacta		
ekranizujących	ekranizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranizujących	ekranizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizujący	ekranizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranizujący	ekranizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekranizujący	ekranizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekranizującym	ekranizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizującym	ekranizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranizującymi	ekranizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranizują	ekranizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekranizujcie	ekranizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekranizujecie	ekranizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekranizuje	ekranizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekranizuj	ekranizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekranizujemy	ekranizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekranizujesz	ekranizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekranizuję	ekranizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekranizujmy	ekranizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekranopisach	ekranopis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisami	ekranopis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopis	ekranopis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopis	ekranopis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisem	ekranopis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisie	ekranopis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisie	ekranopis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisom	ekranopis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisowi	ekranopis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisów	ekranopis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisu	ekranopis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisy	ekranopis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisy	ekranopis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranopisy	ekranopis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanach	ekranoplan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanami	ekranoplan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplan	ekranoplan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplan	ekranoplan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanem	ekranoplan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanie	ekranoplan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanie	ekranoplan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanom	ekranoplan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanowi	ekranoplan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanów	ekranoplan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplanu	ekranoplan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplany	ekranoplan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplany	ekranoplan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranoplany	ekranoplan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekranować	ekranować	inf:imperf		
ekranowaliby	ekranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekranowalibyście	ekranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekranowalibyśmy	ekranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekranowali	ekranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekranowali	ekranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekranowaliście	ekranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekranowaliśmy	ekranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekranowałaby	ekranować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekranowałabym	ekranować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekranowałabyś	ekranować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekranowała	ekranować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekranowała	ekranować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekranowałam	ekranować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekranowałaś	ekranować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekranowałby	ekranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekranowałbym	ekranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekranowałbyś	ekranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekranował	ekranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekranował	ekranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekranowałem	ekranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekranowałeś	ekranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekranowałoby	ekranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekranowałobym	ekranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekranowałobyś	ekranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekranowało	ekranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekranowało	ekranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekranowałom	ekranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekranowałoś	ekranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekranowałyby	ekranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekranowałybyście	ekranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekranowałybyśmy	ekranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekranowały	ekranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekranowały	ekranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekranowałyście	ekranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekranowałyśmy	ekranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekranowana	ekranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranowaną	ekranować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekranowane	ekranować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranowane	ekranować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowanego	ekranować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekranowanego	ekranować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowanej	ekranować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranowanemu	ekranować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowaniach	ekranować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowania	ekranować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowania	ekranować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowaniami	ekranować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowanie	ekranować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowani	ekranować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranowaniem	ekranować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowaniom	ekranować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowaniu	ekranować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowano	ekranować	imps:imperf		
ekranowanych	ekranować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranowanych	ekranować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranowany	ekranować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekranowany	ekranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekranowanym	ekranować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranowanym	ekranować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranowanymi	ekranować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranowań	ekranować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekranująca	ekranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranującą	ekranować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekranujące	ekranować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranujące	ekranować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranującego	ekranować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekranującego	ekranować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranującej	ekranować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekranując	ekranować	pcon:imperf		
ekranującemu	ekranować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranująco	ekranować	pacta		
ekranujących	ekranować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranujących	ekranować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranujący	ekranować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekranujący	ekranować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekranujący	ekranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekranującym	ekranować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranującym	ekranować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekranującymi	ekranować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekranują	ekranować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekranujcie	ekranować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekranujecie	ekranować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekranuje	ekranować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekranuj	ekranować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekranujemy	ekranować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekranujesz	ekranować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekranuję	ekranować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekranujmy	ekranować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekranowościach	ekranowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowościami	ekranowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowością	ekranowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowości	ekranowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowościom	ekranowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowość	ekranowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowość	ekranowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekranowa	ekranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekranową	ekranowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekranową	ekranowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekranowe	ekranowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekranowe	ekranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekranowe	ekranowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekranowe	ekranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekranowego	ekranowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekranowego	ekranowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekranowej	ekranowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekranowej	ekranowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekranowej	ekranowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekranowemu	ekranowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekranowi	ekranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekranowo	ekranowy	adja		
ekranowych	ekranowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekranowych	ekranowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekranowych	ekranowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekranowy	ekranowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekranowy	ekranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekranowym	ekranowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekranowym	ekranowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekranowym	ekranowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekranowymi	ekranowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazycie	ekrazyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazycie	ekrazyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytach	ekrazyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytami	ekrazyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazyt	ekrazyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazyt	ekrazyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytem	ekrazyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytom	ekrazyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowi	ekrazyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytów	ekrazyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytu	ekrazyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazyty	ekrazyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazyty	ekrazyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazyty	ekrazyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowościach	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowościami	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowością	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowości	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowościom	ekrazytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowość	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowość	ekrazytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytowa	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekrazytową	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekrazytową	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekrazytowe	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytowe	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytowe	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowe	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowego	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekrazytowego	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowej	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekrazytowej	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekrazytowej	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekrazytowemu	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowi	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekrazytowo	ekrazytowy	adja		
ekrazytowych	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekrazytowych	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytowych	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytowy	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekrazytowy	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekrazytowym	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytowym	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowym	ekrazytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekrazytowymi	ekrazytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekrazytówce	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówce	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówek	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówkach	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówka	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówkami	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówką	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówkę	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówki	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówki	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówki	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówki	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówko	ekrazytówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrazytówkom	ekrazytówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekrytuarach	ekrytuar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarami	ekrytuar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuar	ekrytuar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuar	ekrytuar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarem	ekrytuar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarom	ekrytuar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarowi	ekrytuar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarów	ekrytuar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuaru	ekrytuar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuary	ekrytuar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuary	ekrytuar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuary	ekrytuar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarze	ekrytuar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekrytuarze	ekrytuar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksaktorach	eksaktor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktora	eksaktor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktora	eksaktor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorami	eksaktor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktor	eksaktor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorem	eksaktor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorom	eksaktor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorowi	eksaktor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorów	eksaktor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorów	eksaktor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktory	eksaktor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktory	eksaktor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorze	eksaktor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorze	eksaktor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorzy	eksaktor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksaktorzy	eksaktor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjach	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencja	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjami	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencją	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencję	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjo	ekscelencja:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjom	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencyj	ekscelencja:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekscelencjach	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencja	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjami	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencją	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencje	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencję	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencji	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjo	ekscelencja:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscelencjom	ekscelencja:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycyzmach	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmami	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzm	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzm	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmem	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmie	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmie	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmom	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmowi	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmów	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmu	ekscentrycyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmy	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmy	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentrycyzmy	ekscentrycyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ekscentryczce	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczce	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczek	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczkach	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczka	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczkami	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczką	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczkę	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczki	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczki	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczki	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczki	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczko	ekscentryczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczkom	ekscentryczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznie	ekscentrycznie	adv:pos		
ekscentryczniej	ekscentrycznie	adv:com		
ekscentrycznościach	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznościami	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznością	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznościom	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczność	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczność	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznościach	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznościami	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznością	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczności	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycznościom	ekscentryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczność	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczność	ekscentryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryczna	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekscentryczną	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekscentryczną	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekscentryczne	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentryczne	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentryczne	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscentryczne	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscentrycznego	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekscentrycznego	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscentrycznej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekscentrycznej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekscentrycznej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekscentrycznemu	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscentryczniejsi	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
ekscentryczniejsza	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
ekscentryczniejszą	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
ekscentryczniejszą	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
ekscentryczniejsze	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczniejsze	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczniejsze	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejsze	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejszego	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
ekscentryczniejszego	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejszej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
ekscentryczniejszej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
ekscentryczniejszej	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
ekscentryczniejszemu	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejszych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
ekscentryczniejszych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczniejszych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczniejszy	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
ekscentryczniejszy	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
ekscentryczniejszym	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczniejszym	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejszym	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekscentryczniejszymi	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekscentryczni	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscentryczno	ekscentryczny	adja		
ekscentrycznych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscentrycznych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentrycznych	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentryczny	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekscentryczny	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekscentrycznym	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentrycznym	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscentrycznym	ekscentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscentrycznymi	ekscentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscentrykach	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryka	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentrykami	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryk	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryk	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryki	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryki	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryki	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentrykiem	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentrykom	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentrykowi	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryków	ekscentryk:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryku	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentryku	ekscentryk:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekscentrycy	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrycy	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrykach	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryka	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryka	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrykami	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryk	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryki	ekscentryk:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryki	ekscentryk:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrykiem	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrykom	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentrykowi	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryków	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryków	ekscentryk:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryku	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryku	ekscentryk:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmach	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmami	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzm	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzm	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmem	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmie	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmie	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmom	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmowi	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmów	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmu	ekscentryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmy	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmy	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscentryzmy	ekscentryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjach	ekscepcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcja	ekscepcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjami	ekscepcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcją	ekscepcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcje	ekscepcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcje	ekscepcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcje	ekscepcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcję	ekscepcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcji	ekscepcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ekscepcji	ekscepcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcji	ekscepcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcji	ekscepcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjo	ekscepcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjom	ekscepcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcyj	ekscepcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ekscepcjonalizmach	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmami	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizm	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizm	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmem	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmie	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmie	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmom	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmowi	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmów	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmu	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmy	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmy	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalizmy	ekscepcjonalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscepcjonalnościach	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalnościami	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalnością	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalności	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalnościom	ekscepcjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalność	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalność	ekscepcjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscepcjonalna	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalną	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalną	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalne	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalne	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalne	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalne	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnego	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnego	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnej	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnej	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnej	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnemu	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalni	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalno	ekscepcjonalny	adja		daw.
ekscepcjonalnych	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnych	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnych	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalny	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalny	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnym	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnym	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnym	ekscepcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekscepcjonalnymi	ekscepcjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekscepcie	ekscept	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepcie	ekscept	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptach	ekscept	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepta	ekscept	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepta	ekscept	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepta	ekscept	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptami	ekscept	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscept	ekscept	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscept	ekscept	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptem	ekscept	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptom	ekscept	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptowi	ekscept	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptów	ekscept	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksceptu	ekscept	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepty	ekscept	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepty	ekscept	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscepty	ekscept	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpcjach	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcja	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcjami	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcją	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcje	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcje	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcje	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcję	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcji	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekscerpcji	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcji	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcji	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcjo	ekscerpcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcjom	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyj	ekscerpcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekscerpcyjnościach	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjnościami	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjnością	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjności	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjnościom	ekscerpcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjność	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjność	ekscerpcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerpcyjna	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjną	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjną	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjne	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpcyjne	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpcyjne	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjne	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjnego	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekscerpcyjnego	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjnej	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjnej	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjnej	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekscerpcyjnemu	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjni	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscerpcyjno	ekscerpcyjny	adja		
ekscerpcyjnych	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscerpcyjnych	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpcyjnych	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpcyjny	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekscerpcyjny	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekscerpcyjnym	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpcyjnym	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjnym	ekscerpcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscerpcyjnymi	ekscerpcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscerpować	ekscerpować	inf:imperf		
ekscerpowaliby	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowalibyście	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowalibyśmy	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowali	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekscerpowali	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowaliście	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowaliśmy	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałaby	ekscerpować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałabym	ekscerpować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałabyś	ekscerpować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowała	ekscerpować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekscerpowała	ekscerpować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałam	ekscerpować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałaś	ekscerpować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowałby	ekscerpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałbym	ekscerpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałbyś	ekscerpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekscerpował	ekscerpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekscerpował	ekscerpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałem	ekscerpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałeś	ekscerpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowałoby	ekscerpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałobym	ekscerpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałobyś	ekscerpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowało	ekscerpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekscerpowało	ekscerpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałom	ekscerpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowałoś	ekscerpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowałyby	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałybyście	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowałybyśmy	ekscerpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowały	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekscerpowały	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekscerpowałyście	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekscerpowałyśmy	ekscerpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekscerpowana	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaną	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowane	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowane	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanego	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanego	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanej	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanemu	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaniach	ekscerpować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowania	ekscerpować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowania	ekscerpować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaniami	ekscerpować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanie	ekscerpować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowani	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaniem	ekscerpować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaniom	ekscerpować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowaniu	ekscerpować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowano	ekscerpować	imps:imperf		
ekscerpowanych	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanych	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowany	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowany	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanym	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanym	ekscerpować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowanymi	ekscerpować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpowań	ekscerpować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpująca	ekscerpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującą	ekscerpować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujące	ekscerpować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujące	ekscerpować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującego	ekscerpować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującego	ekscerpować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującej	ekscerpować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscerpując	ekscerpować	pcon:imperf		
ekscerpującemu	ekscerpować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpująco	ekscerpować	pacta		
ekscerpujących	ekscerpować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujących	ekscerpować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujący	ekscerpować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujący	ekscerpować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpujący	ekscerpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującym	ekscerpować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującym	ekscerpować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscerpującymi	ekscerpować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscerpują	ekscerpować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekscerpujcie	ekscerpować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekscerpujecie	ekscerpować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekscerpuje	ekscerpować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekscerpuj	ekscerpować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekscerpujemy	ekscerpować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekscerpujesz	ekscerpować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekscerpuję	ekscerpować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekscerpujmy	ekscerpować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekscerpcie	ekscerpt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpcie	ekscerpt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptach	ekscerpt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptami	ekscerpt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpt	ekscerpt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpt	ekscerpt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptem	ekscerpt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptom	ekscerpt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptowi	ekscerpt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptów	ekscerpt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptu	ekscerpt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpty	ekscerpt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpty	ekscerpt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerpty	ekscerpt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscerptorach	ekscerptor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptora	ekscerptor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptora	ekscerptor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorami	ekscerptor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptor	ekscerptor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorem	ekscerptor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorom	ekscerptor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorowie	ekscerptor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorowie	ekscerptor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorowi	ekscerptor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorów	ekscerptor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorów	ekscerptor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptory	ekscerptor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptory	ekscerptor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorze	ekscerptor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorze	ekscerptor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorzy	ekscerptor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscerptorzy	ekscerptor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesach	eksces	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesami	eksces	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksces	eksces	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksces	eksces	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesem	eksces	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesie	eksces	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesie	eksces	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesom	eksces	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesowi	eksces	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesów	eksces	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesu	eksces	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesy	eksces	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesy	eksces	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesy	eksces	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywnościach	ekscesywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywnościami	ekscesywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywnością	ekscesywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywności	ekscesywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywnościom	ekscesywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywność	ekscesywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywność	ekscesywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscesywna	ekscesywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekscesywną	ekscesywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekscesywną	ekscesywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekscesywne	ekscesywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscesywne	ekscesywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscesywne	ekscesywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywne	ekscesywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywnego	ekscesywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekscesywnego	ekscesywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywnej	ekscesywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekscesywnej	ekscesywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekscesywnej	ekscesywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekscesywnemu	ekscesywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywni	ekscesywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscesywno	ekscesywny	adja		
ekscesywnych	ekscesywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscesywnych	ekscesywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscesywnych	ekscesywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscesywny	ekscesywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekscesywny	ekscesywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekscesywnym	ekscesywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscesywnym	ekscesywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywnym	ekscesywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscesywnymi	ekscesywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscypować	ekscypować	inf:imperf		daw.
ekscypowaliby	ekscypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowalibyście	ekscypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowalibyśmy	ekscypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowali	ekscypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ekscypowali	ekscypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowaliście	ekscypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowaliśmy	ekscypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałaby	ekscypować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałabym	ekscypować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałabyś	ekscypować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowała	ekscypować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ekscypowała	ekscypować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałam	ekscypować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałaś	ekscypować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałby	ekscypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałbym	ekscypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałbyś	ekscypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypował	ekscypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ekscypował	ekscypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałem	ekscypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałeś	ekscypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałoby	ekscypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałobym	ekscypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałobyś	ekscypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowało	ekscypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ekscypowało	ekscypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałom	ekscypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałoś	ekscypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałyby	ekscypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałybyście	ekscypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałybyśmy	ekscypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowały	ekscypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ekscypowały	ekscypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałyście	ekscypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypowałyśmy	ekscypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypowana	ekscypować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaną	ekscypować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypowane	ekscypować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowane	ekscypować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanego	ekscypować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanego	ekscypować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanej	ekscypować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanemu	ekscypować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaniach	ekscypować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowania	ekscypować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowania	ekscypować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaniami	ekscypować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanie	ekscypować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowani	ekscypować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaniem	ekscypować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaniom	ekscypować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowaniu	ekscypować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowano	ekscypować	imps:imperf		daw.
ekscypowanych	ekscypować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanych	ekscypować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowany	ekscypować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowany	ekscypować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanym	ekscypować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanym	ekscypować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypowanymi	ekscypować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypowań	ekscypować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypująca	ekscypować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypującą	ekscypować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypujące	ekscypować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypujące	ekscypować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypującego	ekscypować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscypującego	ekscypować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypującej	ekscypować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscypując	ekscypować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekscypującemu	ekscypować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypująco	ekscypować	pacta		
ekscypujących	ekscypować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscypujących	ekscypować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypujący	ekscypować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscypujący	ekscypować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscypujący	ekscypować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscypującym	ekscypować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypującym	ekscypować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscypującymi	ekscypować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscypują	ekscypować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypujcie	ekscypować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypujecie	ekscypować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypuje	ekscypować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ekscypuj	ekscypować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypujemy	ekscypować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypujesz	ekscypować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekscypuję	ekscypować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscypujmy	ekscypować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekscytacjach	ekscytacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacja	ekscytacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacjami	ekscytacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacją	ekscytacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacje	ekscytacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacje	ekscytacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacje	ekscytacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytację	ekscytacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacji	ekscytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
ekscytacji	ekscytacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacji	ekscytacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacji	ekscytacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacjo	ekscytacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacjom	ekscytacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekscytacyj	ekscytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
ekscytarzach	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzach	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzami	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzami	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzem	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzem	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzom	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzom	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzowi	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzowi	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzów	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzów	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzy	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzy	ekscytarz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzach	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzach	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarza	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzami	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzami	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarze	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarz	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzem	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzem	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzom	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzom	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzowi	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzowi	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzów	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytarzu	ekscytarz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ekscytarzy	ekscytarz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorach	ekscytator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatora	ekscytator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatora	ekscytator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorami	ekscytator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytator	ekscytator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorem	ekscytator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorom	ekscytator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorowi	ekscytator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorów	ekscytator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorów	ekscytator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatory	ekscytator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatory	ekscytator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorze	ekscytator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorze	ekscytator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorzy	ekscytator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytatorzy	ekscytator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekscytować	ekscytować	inf:imperf		
ekscytowaliby	ekscytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekscytowalibyście	ekscytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekscytowalibyśmy	ekscytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekscytowali	ekscytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekscytowali	ekscytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekscytowaliście	ekscytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekscytowaliśmy	ekscytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałaby	ekscytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałabym	ekscytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałabyś	ekscytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekscytowała	ekscytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekscytowała	ekscytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałam	ekscytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałaś	ekscytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekscytowałby	ekscytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałbym	ekscytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałbyś	ekscytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekscytował	ekscytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekscytował	ekscytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałem	ekscytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałeś	ekscytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekscytowałoby	ekscytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałobym	ekscytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałobyś	ekscytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekscytowało	ekscytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekscytowało	ekscytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałom	ekscytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekscytowałoś	ekscytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekscytowałyby	ekscytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałybyście	ekscytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekscytowałybyśmy	ekscytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekscytowały	ekscytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekscytowały	ekscytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekscytowałyście	ekscytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekscytowałyśmy	ekscytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekscytowana	ekscytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaną	ekscytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytowane	ekscytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowane	ekscytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanego	ekscytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanego	ekscytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanej	ekscytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanemu	ekscytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaniach	ekscytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowania	ekscytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowania	ekscytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaniami	ekscytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanie	ekscytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowani	ekscytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaniem	ekscytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaniom	ekscytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowaniu	ekscytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowano	ekscytować	imps:imperf		
ekscytowanych	ekscytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanych	ekscytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowany	ekscytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowany	ekscytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanym	ekscytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanym	ekscytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytowanymi	ekscytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytowań	ekscytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytująca	ekscytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytującą	ekscytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytujące	ekscytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytujące	ekscytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytującego	ekscytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekscytującego	ekscytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytującej	ekscytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekscytując	ekscytować	pcon:imperf		
ekscytującemu	ekscytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytująco	ekscytować	pacta		
ekscytujących	ekscytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscytujących	ekscytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytujący	ekscytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekscytujący	ekscytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekscytujący	ekscytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekscytującym	ekscytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytującym	ekscytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekscytującymi	ekscytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekscytują	ekscytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekscytujcie	ekscytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekscytujecie	ekscytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekscytuje	ekscytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekscytuj	ekscytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekscytujemy	ekscytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekscytujesz	ekscytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekscytuję	ekscytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekscytujmy	ekscytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekscytująco	ekscytująco	adv:pos		
ekscytującościach	ekscytującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującościami	ekscytującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującością	ekscytującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującości	ekscytującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującościom	ekscytującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującość	ekscytującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytującość	ekscytującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekscytująca	ekscytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekscytującą	ekscytujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekscytującą	ekscytujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekscytujące	ekscytujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscytujące	ekscytujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekscytujące	ekscytujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscytujące	ekscytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekscytującego	ekscytujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekscytującego	ekscytujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscytującej	ekscytujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekscytującej	ekscytujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekscytującej	ekscytujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekscytującemu	ekscytujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscytująco	ekscytujący	adja		
ekscytujących	ekscytujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscytujących	ekscytujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscytujących	ekscytujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscytujący	ekscytujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekscytujący	ekscytujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekscytujący	ekscytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekscytującym	ekscytujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekscytującym	ekscytujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscytującym	ekscytujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekscytującymi	ekscytujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksdywizjach	eksdywizja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizja	eksdywizja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizjami	eksdywizja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizją	eksdywizja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizje	eksdywizja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizje	eksdywizja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizje	eksdywizja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizję	eksdywizja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizji	eksdywizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
eksdywizji	eksdywizja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizji	eksdywizja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizji	eksdywizja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizjo	eksdywizja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizjom	eksdywizja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizyj	eksdywizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
eksdywizorscy	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
eksdywizorska	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorską	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorską	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskich	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskich	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskich	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskie	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskie	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskie	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskie	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiego	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiego	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiej	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiej	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiej	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
eksdywizorski	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorski	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskiemu	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskim	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskim	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskim	eksdywizorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskimi	eksdywizorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksdywizorsko	eksdywizorski	adja		daw.
eksdywizorsku	eksdywizorski	adjp		daw.
eksdywizorsko	eksdywizorsko	adv:pos		daw.
eksdywizorskościach	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskościami	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskością	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskości	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskościom	eksdywizorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskość	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksdywizorskość	eksdywizorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksedrach	eksedra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedra	eksedra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrami	eksedra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrą	eksedra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedr	eksedra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrę	eksedra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedro	eksedra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrom	eksedra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedry	eksedra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedry	eksedra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedry	eksedra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedry	eksedra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrze	eksedra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksedrze	eksedra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacjach	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacja	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacjami	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacją	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacje	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacje	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacje	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliację	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacji	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksfoliacji	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacji	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacji	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacjo	eksfoliacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacjom	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksfoliacyj	eksfoliacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekshalacjach	ekshalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacja	ekshalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacjami	ekshalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacją	ekshalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalację	ekshalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacji	ekshalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekshalacji	ekshalacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacji	ekshalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacji	ekshalacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacjo	ekshalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacjom	ekshalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacyj	ekshalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekshalacjach	ekshalacje	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacjami	ekshalacje	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacje	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacje	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacje	ekshalacje	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacji	ekshalacje	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekshalacjom	ekshalacje	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshalacyj	ekshalacje	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekshaustorach	ekshaustor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustora	ekshaustor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorami	ekshaustor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustor	ekshaustor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustor	ekshaustor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorem	ekshaustor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorom	ekshaustor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorowi	ekshaustor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorów	ekshaustor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustory	ekshaustor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustory	ekshaustor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustory	ekshaustor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorze	ekshaustor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshaustorze	ekshaustor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjach	ekshibicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicja	ekshibicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicjami	ekshibicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicją	ekshibicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicje	ekshibicja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicje	ekshibicja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicje	ekshibicja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicję	ekshibicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicji	ekshibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
ekshibicji	ekshibicja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicji	ekshibicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicji	ekshibicja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicjo	ekshibicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicjom	ekshibicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekshibicyj	ekshibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
ekshibicjonistach	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonista	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistami	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistą	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistę	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonisto	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistom	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistów	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistów	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonisty	ekshibicjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonisty	ekshibicjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonisty	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjoniście	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjoniście	ekshibicjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjoniści	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjoniści	ekshibicjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistce	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistce	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistek	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistkach	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistka	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistkami	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistką	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistkę	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistki	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistki	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistki	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistki	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistko	ekshibicjonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistkom	ekshibicjonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistycznie	ekshibicjonistycznie	adv:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznościach	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistycznościami	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistycznością	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczności	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistycznościom	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczność	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczność	ekshibicjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonistyczna	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczną	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczną	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczne	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczne	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczne	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczne	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznego	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznego	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznej	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznej	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznej	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznemu	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczni	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczno	ekshibicjonistyczny	adja		
ekshibicjonistycznych	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznych	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznych	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczny	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekshibicjonistyczny	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznym	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznym	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznym	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshibicjonistycznymi	ekshibicjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshibicjonizmach	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmami	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizm	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizm	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmem	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmie	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmie	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmom	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmowi	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmów	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmu	ekshibicjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmy	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmy	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshibicjonizmy	ekshibicjonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacjach	ekshumacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacja	ekshumacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacjami	ekshumacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacją	ekshumacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacje	ekshumacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacje	ekshumacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacje	ekshumacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumację	ekshumacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacji	ekshumacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekshumacji	ekshumacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacji	ekshumacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacji	ekshumacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacjo	ekshumacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacjom	ekshumacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyj	ekshumacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekshumacyjnościach	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjnościami	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjnością	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjności	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjnościom	ekshumacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjność	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjność	ekshumacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekshumacyjna	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekshumacyjną	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekshumacyjną	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekshumacyjne	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumacyjne	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumacyjne	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjne	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjnego	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekshumacyjnego	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjnej	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekshumacyjnej	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekshumacyjnej	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekshumacyjnemu	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjni	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekshumacyjno	ekshumacyjny	adja		
ekshumacyjnych	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekshumacyjnych	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumacyjnych	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumacyjny	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekshumacyjny	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekshumacyjnym	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumacyjnym	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjnym	ekshumacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekshumacyjnymi	ekshumacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekshumować	ekshumować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekshumowaliby	ekshumować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowalibyście	ekshumować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowalibyśmy	ekshumować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowali	ekshumować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekshumowali	ekshumować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowaliście	ekshumować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowaliśmy	ekshumować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałaby	ekshumować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałabym	ekshumować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałabyś	ekshumować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowała	ekshumować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekshumowała	ekshumować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałam	ekshumować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałaś	ekshumować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałby	ekshumować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałbym	ekshumować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałbyś	ekshumować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumował	ekshumować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekshumował	ekshumować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałem	ekshumować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałeś	ekshumować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałoby	ekshumować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałobym	ekshumować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałobyś	ekshumować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowało	ekshumować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekshumowało	ekshumować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałom	ekshumować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałoś	ekshumować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałyby	ekshumować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałybyście	ekshumować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałybyśmy	ekshumować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowały	ekshumować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekshumowały	ekshumować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałyście	ekshumować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumowałyśmy	ekshumować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumowana	ekshumować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaną	ekshumować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowane	ekshumować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowane	ekshumować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanego	ekshumować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanego	ekshumować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanej	ekshumować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanemu	ekshumować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaniach	ekshumować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowania	ekshumować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowania	ekshumować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaniami	ekshumować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanie	ekshumować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowani	ekshumować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaniem	ekshumować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaniom	ekshumować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowaniu	ekshumować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowano	ekshumować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekshumowanych	ekshumować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanych	ekshumować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowany	ekshumować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowany	ekshumować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanym	ekshumować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanym	ekshumować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowanymi	ekshumować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowań	ekshumować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekshumowawszy	ekshumować	pant:perf		
ekshumująca	ekshumować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekshumującą	ekshumować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekshumujące	ekshumować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekshumujące	ekshumować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekshumującego	ekshumować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekshumującego	ekshumować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekshumującej	ekshumować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekshumując	ekshumować	pcon:imperf		
ekshumującemu	ekshumować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekshumująco	ekshumować	pacta		
ekshumujących	ekshumować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekshumujących	ekshumować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekshumujący	ekshumować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekshumujący	ekshumować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekshumujący	ekshumować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekshumującym	ekshumować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekshumującym	ekshumować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekshumującymi	ekshumować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekshumują	ekshumować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumujcie	ekshumować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumujecie	ekshumować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumuje	ekshumować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekshumuj	ekshumować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumujemy	ekshumować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumujesz	ekshumować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekshumuję	ekshumować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekshumujmy	ekshumować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskawacjach	ekskawacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacja	ekskawacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacjami	ekskawacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacją	ekskawacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacje	ekskawacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacje	ekskawacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacje	ekskawacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawację	ekskawacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacji	ekskawacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekskawacji	ekskawacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacji	ekskawacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacji	ekskawacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacjo	ekskawacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacjom	ekskawacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawacyj	ekskawacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekskawatorach	ekskawator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatora	ekskawator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorami	ekskawator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawator	ekskawator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawator	ekskawator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorem	ekskawator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorom	ekskawator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorowi	ekskawator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorów	ekskawator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatory	ekskawator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatory	ekskawator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatory	ekskawator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorze	ekskawator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskawatorze	ekskawator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacjach	eksklamacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacja	eksklamacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacjami	eksklamacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacją	eksklamacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacje	eksklamacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacje	eksklamacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacje	eksklamacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamację	eksklamacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacji	eksklamacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksklamacji	eksklamacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacji	eksklamacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacji	eksklamacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacjo	eksklamacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacjom	eksklamacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklamacyj	eksklamacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksklawach	eksklawa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawa	eksklawa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawami	eksklawa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawą	eksklawa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklaw	eksklawa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawę	eksklawa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawie	eksklawa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawie	eksklawa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawo	eksklawa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawom	eksklawa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawy	eksklawa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawy	eksklawa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawy	eksklawa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksklawy	eksklawa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskludować	ekskludować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowaliby	ekskludować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowalibyście	ekskludować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowalibyśmy	ekskludować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowali	ekskludować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowali	ekskludować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowaliście	ekskludować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowaliśmy	ekskludować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałaby	ekskludować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałabym	ekskludować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałabyś	ekskludować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowała	ekskludować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowała	ekskludować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałam	ekskludować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałaś	ekskludować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałby	ekskludować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałbym	ekskludować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałbyś	ekskludować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludował	ekskludować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludował	ekskludować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałem	ekskludować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałeś	ekskludować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałoby	ekskludować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałobym	ekskludować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałobyś	ekskludować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowało	ekskludować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowało	ekskludować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałom	ekskludować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałoś	ekskludować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałyby	ekskludować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałybyście	ekskludować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałybyśmy	ekskludować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowały	ekskludować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowały	ekskludować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałyście	ekskludować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowałyśmy	ekskludować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowana	ekskludować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaną	ekskludować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowane	ekskludować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowane	ekskludować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanego	ekskludować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanego	ekskludować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanej	ekskludować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanemu	ekskludować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaniach	ekskludować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowania	ekskludować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowania	ekskludować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaniami	ekskludować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanie	ekskludować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowani	ekskludować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaniem	ekskludować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaniom	ekskludować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowaniu	ekskludować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowano	ekskludować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludowanych	ekskludować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanych	ekskludować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowany	ekskludować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowany	ekskludować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanym	ekskludować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanym	ekskludować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowanymi	ekskludować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowań	ekskludować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskludowawszy	ekskludować	pant:perf		daw.
ekskludująca	ekskludować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskludującą	ekskludować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekskludujące	ekskludować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskludujące	ekskludować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskludującego	ekskludować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekskludującego	ekskludować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskludującej	ekskludować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskludując	ekskludować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekskludującemu	ekskludować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskludująco	ekskludować	pacta		
ekskludujących	ekskludować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskludujących	ekskludować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskludujący	ekskludować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskludujący	ekskludować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekskludujący	ekskludować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekskludującym	ekskludować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskludującym	ekskludować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskludującymi	ekskludować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskludują	ekskludować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludujcie	ekskludować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludujecie	ekskludować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskluduje	ekskludować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskluduj	ekskludować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludujemy	ekskludować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludujesz	ekskludować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskluduję	ekskludować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskludujmy	ekskludować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskluzjach	ekskluzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzja	ekskluzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzjami	ekskluzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzją	ekskluzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzje	ekskluzja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzje	ekskluzja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzje	ekskluzja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzję	ekskluzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzji	ekskluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
ekskluzji	ekskluzja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzji	ekskluzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzji	ekskluzja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzjo	ekskluzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzjom	ekskluzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskluzyj	ekskluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
ekskluzywizmach	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmami	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizm	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizm	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmem	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmie	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmie	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmom	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmowi	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmów	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmu	ekskluzywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmy	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmy	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywizmy	ekskluzywizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywnie	ekskluzywnie	adv:pos		
ekskluzywniej	ekskluzywnie	adv:com		
ekskluzywnościach	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywnościami	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywnością	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywności	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywnościom	ekskluzywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywność	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywność	ekskluzywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskluzywna	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekskluzywną	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekskluzywną	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekskluzywne	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekskluzywne	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekskluzywne	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywne	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywnego	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekskluzywnego	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywnej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekskluzywnej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekskluzywnej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekskluzywnemu	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywniejsi	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
ekskluzywniejsza	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
ekskluzywniejszą	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
ekskluzywniejszą	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
ekskluzywniejsze	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywniejsze	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywniejsze	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejsze	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejszego	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
ekskluzywniejszego	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejszej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
ekskluzywniejszej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
ekskluzywniejszej	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
ekskluzywniejszemu	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejszych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
ekskluzywniejszych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywniejszych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywniejszy	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
ekskluzywniejszy	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
ekskluzywniejszym	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywniejszym	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejszym	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ekskluzywniejszymi	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ekskluzywni	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekskluzywno	ekskluzywny	adja		
ekskluzywnych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekskluzywnych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekskluzywnych	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekskluzywny	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekskluzywny	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekskluzywnym	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekskluzywnym	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywnym	ekskluzywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekskluzywnymi	ekskluzywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekskomunice	ekskomunika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunice	ekskomunika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunikach	ekskomunika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunika	ekskomunika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunikami	ekskomunika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniką	ekskomunika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunik	ekskomunika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunikę	ekskomunika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniki	ekskomunika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniki	ekskomunika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniki	ekskomunika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniki	ekskomunika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomuniko	ekskomunika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunikom	ekskomunika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskomunikować	ekskomunikować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowaliby	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowalibyście	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowalibyśmy	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowali	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowali	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowaliście	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowaliśmy	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałaby	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałabym	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałabyś	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowała	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowała	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałam	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałaś	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałby	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałbym	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałbyś	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikował	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikował	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałem	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałeś	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałoby	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałobym	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałobyś	ekskomunikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowało	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowało	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałom	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałoś	ekskomunikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałyby	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałybyście	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałybyśmy	ekskomunikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowały	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowały	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałyście	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowałyśmy	ekskomunikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowana	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaną	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowane	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowane	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanego	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanego	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanej	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanemu	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaniach	ekskomunikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowania	ekskomunikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowania	ekskomunikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaniami	ekskomunikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanie	ekskomunikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowani	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaniem	ekskomunikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaniom	ekskomunikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowaniu	ekskomunikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowano	ekskomunikować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikowanych	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanych	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowany	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowany	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanym	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanym	ekskomunikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowanymi	ekskomunikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowań	ekskomunikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskomunikowawszy	ekskomunikować	pant:perf		
ekskomunikująca	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującą	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujące	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujące	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującego	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującego	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującej	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikując	ekskomunikować	pcon:imperf		
ekskomunikującemu	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikująco	ekskomunikować	pacta		
ekskomunikujących	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujących	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujący	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujący	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikujący	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującym	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującym	ekskomunikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikującymi	ekskomunikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskomunikują	ekskomunikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikujcie	ekskomunikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikujecie	ekskomunikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikuje	ekskomunikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikuj	ekskomunikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikujemy	ekskomunikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikujesz	ekskomunikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikuję	ekskomunikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskomunikujmy	ekskomunikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekskrecjach	ekskrecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecja	ekskrecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecjami	ekskrecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecją	ekskrecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecje	ekskrecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecje	ekskrecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecje	ekskrecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecję	ekskrecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecji	ekskrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekskrecji	ekskrecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecji	ekskrecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecji	ekskrecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecjo	ekskrecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecjom	ekskrecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrecyj	ekskrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekskremencie	ekskrement	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskremencie	ekskrement	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementach	ekskrement	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementami	ekskrement	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrement	ekskrement	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrement	ekskrement	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementem	ekskrement	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementom	ekskrement	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementowi	ekskrement	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementów	ekskrement	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementu	ekskrement	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementy	ekskrement	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementy	ekskrement	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementy	ekskrement	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekskrementach	ekskrementy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementami	ekskrementy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementom	ekskrementy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementów	ekskrementy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementy	ekskrementy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementy	ekskrementy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskrementy	ekskrementy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursach	ekskurs	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursami	ekskurs	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskurs	ekskurs	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskurs	ekskurs	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursem	ekskurs	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursie	ekskurs	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursie	ekskurs	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursom	ekskurs	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursowi	ekskurs	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursów	ekskurs	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursu	ekskurs	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursy	ekskurs	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursy	ekskurs	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursy	ekskurs	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursjach	ekskursja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursja	ekskursja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursjami	ekskursja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursją	ekskursja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursje	ekskursja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursje	ekskursja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursje	ekskursja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursję	ekskursja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursji	ekskursja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekskursji	ekskursja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursji	ekskursja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursji	ekskursja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursjo	ekskursja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursjom	ekskursja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekskursyj	ekskursja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekskuzach	ekskuza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuza	ekskuza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzami	ekskuza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzą	ekskuza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuz	ekskuza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzę	ekskuza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzie	ekskuza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzie	ekskuza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzo	ekskuza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzom	ekskuza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzy	ekskuza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzy	ekskuza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzy	ekskuza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzy	ekskuza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekskuzować	ekskuzować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowaliby	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowalibyście	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowalibyśmy	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowali	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowali	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowaliście	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowaliśmy	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałaby	ekskuzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałabym	ekskuzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałabyś	ekskuzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowała	ekskuzować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowała	ekskuzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałam	ekskuzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałaś	ekskuzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałby	ekskuzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałbym	ekskuzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałbyś	ekskuzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzował	ekskuzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzował	ekskuzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałem	ekskuzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałeś	ekskuzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałoby	ekskuzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałobym	ekskuzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałobyś	ekskuzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowało	ekskuzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowało	ekskuzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałom	ekskuzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałoś	ekskuzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałyby	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałybyście	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałybyśmy	ekskuzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowały	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowały	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałyście	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowałyśmy	ekskuzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowana	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaną	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowane	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowane	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanego	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanego	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanej	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanemu	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaniach	ekskuzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowania	ekskuzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowania	ekskuzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaniami	ekskuzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanie	ekskuzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowani	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaniem	ekskuzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaniom	ekskuzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowaniu	ekskuzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowano	ekskuzować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzowanych	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanych	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowany	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowany	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanym	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanym	ekskuzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowanymi	ekskuzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowań	ekskuzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekskuzowawszy	ekskuzować	pant:perf		daw.
ekskuzująca	ekskuzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującą	ekskuzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujące	ekskuzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujące	ekskuzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującego	ekskuzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującego	ekskuzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującej	ekskuzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekskuzując	ekskuzować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekskuzującemu	ekskuzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskuzująco	ekskuzować	pacta		
ekskuzujących	ekskuzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujących	ekskuzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujący	ekskuzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujący	ekskuzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzujący	ekskuzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującym	ekskuzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującym	ekskuzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekskuzującymi	ekskuzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekskuzują	ekskuzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzujcie	ekskuzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzujecie	ekskuzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzuje	ekskuzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzuj	ekskuzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzujemy	ekskuzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzujesz	ekskuzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzuję	ekskuzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekskuzujmy	ekskuzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekslibrisach	ekslibris	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisami	ekslibris	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibris	ekslibris	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibris	ekslibris	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisem	ekslibris	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisie	ekslibris	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisie	ekslibris	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisom	ekslibris	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisowi	ekslibris	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisów	ekslibris	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisu	ekslibris	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisy	ekslibris	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisy	ekslibris	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrisy	ekslibris	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysach	ekslibrys	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysami	ekslibrys	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrys	ekslibrys	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrys	ekslibrys	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysem	ekslibrys	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysie	ekslibrys	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysie	ekslibrys	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysom	ekslibrys	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysowi	ekslibrys	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysów	ekslibrys	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysu	ekslibrys	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysy	ekslibrys	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysy	ekslibrys	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekslibrysy	ekslibrys	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacjach	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacja	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacjami	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacją	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacje	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacje	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacje	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulację	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacji	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksmatrykulacji	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacji	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacji	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacjo	eksmatrykulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacjom	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmatrykulacyj	eksmatrykulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksmisjach	eksmisja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisja	eksmisja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisjami	eksmisja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisją	eksmisja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisje	eksmisja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisje	eksmisja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisje	eksmisja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisję	eksmisja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisji	eksmisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksmisji	eksmisja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisji	eksmisja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisji	eksmisja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisjo	eksmisja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisjom	eksmisja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyj	eksmisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksmisyjnościach	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjnościami	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjnością	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjności	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjnościom	eksmisyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjność	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjność	eksmisyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksmisyjna	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksmisyjną	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksmisyjną	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksmisyjne	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksmisyjne	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksmisyjne	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjne	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjnego	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksmisyjnego	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjnej	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksmisyjnej	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksmisyjnej	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksmisyjnemu	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjni	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksmisyjno	eksmisyjny	adja		
eksmisyjnych	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksmisyjnych	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksmisyjnych	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksmisyjny	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksmisyjny	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksmisyjnym	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksmisyjnym	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjnym	eksmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksmisyjnymi	eksmisyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksmitować	eksmitować	inf:imperf.perf		
eksmitowaliby	eksmitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowalibyście	eksmitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowalibyśmy	eksmitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowali	eksmitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
eksmitowali	eksmitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowaliście	eksmitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowaliśmy	eksmitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałaby	eksmitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałabym	eksmitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałabyś	eksmitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowała	eksmitować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
eksmitowała	eksmitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałam	eksmitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałaś	eksmitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałby	eksmitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałbym	eksmitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałbyś	eksmitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitował	eksmitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
eksmitował	eksmitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałem	eksmitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałeś	eksmitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałoby	eksmitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałobym	eksmitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałobyś	eksmitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowało	eksmitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
eksmitowało	eksmitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałom	eksmitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałoś	eksmitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałyby	eksmitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałybyście	eksmitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałybyśmy	eksmitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowały	eksmitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
eksmitowały	eksmitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałyście	eksmitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitowałyśmy	eksmitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitowana	eksmitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaną	eksmitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowane	eksmitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowane	eksmitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanego	eksmitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanego	eksmitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanej	eksmitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanemu	eksmitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaniach	eksmitować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowania	eksmitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowania	eksmitować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaniami	eksmitować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanie	eksmitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowani	eksmitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaniem	eksmitować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaniom	eksmitować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowaniu	eksmitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowano	eksmitować	imps:imperf.perf		
eksmitowanych	eksmitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanych	eksmitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowany	eksmitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowany	eksmitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanym	eksmitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanym	eksmitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowanymi	eksmitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowań	eksmitować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksmitowawszy	eksmitować	pant:perf		
eksmitująca	eksmitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksmitującą	eksmitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksmitujące	eksmitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksmitujące	eksmitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksmitującego	eksmitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksmitującego	eksmitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksmitującej	eksmitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksmitując	eksmitować	pcon:imperf		
eksmitującemu	eksmitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksmitująco	eksmitować	pacta		
eksmitujących	eksmitować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksmitujących	eksmitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksmitujący	eksmitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksmitujący	eksmitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksmitujący	eksmitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksmitującym	eksmitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksmitującym	eksmitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksmitującymi	eksmitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksmitują	eksmitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmitujcie	eksmitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitujecie	eksmitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmituje	eksmitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
eksmituj	eksmitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmitujemy	eksmitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitujesz	eksmitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksmituję	eksmitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
eksmitujmy	eksmitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksonach	ekson	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonami	ekson	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekson	ekson	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekson	ekson	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonem	ekson	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonie	ekson	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonie	ekson	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonom	ekson	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonowi	ekson	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonów	ekson	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksonu	ekson	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksony	ekson	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksony	ekson	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksony	ekson	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderach	ekspander	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandera	ekspander	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderami	ekspander	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspander	ekspander	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspander	ekspander	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderem	ekspander	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderom	ekspander	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderowi	ekspander	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderów	ekspander	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandery	ekspander	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandery	ekspander	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandery	ekspander	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderze	ekspander	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspanderze	ekspander	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorach	ekspandor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandora	ekspandor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorami	ekspandor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandor	ekspandor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandor	ekspandor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorem	ekspandor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorom	ekspandor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorowi	ekspandor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorów	ekspandor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandory	ekspandor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandory	ekspandor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandory	ekspandor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorze	ekspandor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandorze	ekspandor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspandować	ekspandować	inf:imperf		
ekspandowaliby	ekspandować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekspandowalibyście	ekspandować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekspandowalibyśmy	ekspandować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekspandowali	ekspandować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekspandowali	ekspandować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekspandowaliście	ekspandować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekspandowaliśmy	ekspandować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałaby	ekspandować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałabym	ekspandować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałabyś	ekspandować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekspandowała	ekspandować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekspandowała	ekspandować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałam	ekspandować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałaś	ekspandować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekspandowałby	ekspandować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałbym	ekspandować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałbyś	ekspandować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekspandował	ekspandować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekspandował	ekspandować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałem	ekspandować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałeś	ekspandować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekspandowałoby	ekspandować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałobym	ekspandować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałobyś	ekspandować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekspandowało	ekspandować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekspandowało	ekspandować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałom	ekspandować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekspandowałoś	ekspandować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekspandowałyby	ekspandować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałybyście	ekspandować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekspandowałybyśmy	ekspandować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekspandowały	ekspandować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekspandowały	ekspandować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekspandowałyście	ekspandować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekspandowałyśmy	ekspandować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekspandowana	ekspandować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaną	ekspandować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandowane	ekspandować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowane	ekspandować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanego	ekspandować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanego	ekspandować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanej	ekspandować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanemu	ekspandować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaniach	ekspandować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowania	ekspandować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowania	ekspandować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaniami	ekspandować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanie	ekspandować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowani	ekspandować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaniem	ekspandować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaniom	ekspandować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowaniu	ekspandować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowano	ekspandować	imps:imperf		
ekspandowanych	ekspandować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanych	ekspandować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowany	ekspandować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowany	ekspandować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanym	ekspandować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanym	ekspandować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandowanymi	ekspandować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandowań	ekspandować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandująca	ekspandować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandującą	ekspandować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandujące	ekspandować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandujące	ekspandować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandującego	ekspandować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspandującego	ekspandować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandującej	ekspandować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspandując	ekspandować	pcon:imperf		
ekspandującemu	ekspandować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandująco	ekspandować	pacta		
ekspandujących	ekspandować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspandujących	ekspandować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandujący	ekspandować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspandujący	ekspandować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspandujący	ekspandować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspandującym	ekspandować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandującym	ekspandować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspandującymi	ekspandować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspandują	ekspandować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekspandujcie	ekspandować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekspandujecie	ekspandować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekspanduje	ekspandować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekspanduj	ekspandować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekspandujemy	ekspandować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekspandujesz	ekspandować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekspanduję	ekspandować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekspandujmy	ekspandować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekspansjach	ekspansja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansja	ekspansja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjami	ekspansja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansją	ekspansja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansje	ekspansja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansje	ekspansja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansje	ekspansja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansję	ekspansja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansji	ekspansja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspansji	ekspansja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansji	ekspansja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansji	ekspansja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjo	ekspansja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjom	ekspansja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyj	ekspansja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspansjonistach	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonista	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistami	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistą	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistę	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonisto	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistom	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistów	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistów	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonisty	ekspansjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonisty	ekspansjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonisty	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjoniście	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjoniście	ekspansjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjoniści	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjoniści	ekspansjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistycznościach	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistycznościami	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistycznością	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczności	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistycznościom	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczność	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczność	ekspansjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonistyczna	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspansjonistyczną	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspansjonistyczną	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspansjonistyczne	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonistyczne	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonistyczne	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistyczne	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistycznego	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspansjonistycznego	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistycznej	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspansjonistycznej	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspansjonistycznej	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspansjonistycznemu	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistyczni	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansjonistyczno	ekspansjonistyczny	adja		
ekspansjonistycznych	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansjonistycznych	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonistycznych	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonistyczny	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspansjonistyczny	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspansjonistycznym	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonistycznym	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistycznym	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansjonistycznymi	ekspansjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansjonizmach	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmami	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizm	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizm	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmem	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmie	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmie	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmom	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmowi	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmów	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmu	ekspansjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmy	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmy	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansjonizmy	ekspansjonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjnościach	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjnościami	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjnością	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjności	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjnościom	ekspansyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjność	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjność	ekspansyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansyjna	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspansyjną	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspansyjną	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspansyjne	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansyjne	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansyjne	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjne	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjnego	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspansyjnego	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjnej	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspansyjnej	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspansyjnej	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspansyjnemu	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjni	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansyjno	ekspansyjny	adja		
ekspansyjnych	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansyjnych	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansyjnych	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansyjny	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspansyjny	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspansyjnym	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansyjnym	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjnym	ekspansyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansyjnymi	ekspansyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywnie	ekspansywnie	adv:pos		
ekspansywnościach	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnościami	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnością	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnościom	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywność	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywność	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnościach	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnościami	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnością	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywności	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywnościom	ekspansywność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywność	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywność	ekspansywność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspansywna	ekspansywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspansywną	ekspansywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspansywną	ekspansywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspansywne	ekspansywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywne	ekspansywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywne	ekspansywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywne	ekspansywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywnego	ekspansywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspansywnego	ekspansywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywnej	ekspansywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspansywnej	ekspansywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspansywnej	ekspansywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspansywnemu	ekspansywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywni	ekspansywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansywno	ekspansywny	adja		
ekspansywnych	ekspansywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspansywnych	ekspansywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywnych	ekspansywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywny	ekspansywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspansywny	ekspansywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspansywnym	ekspansywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspansywnym	ekspansywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywnym	ekspansywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspansywnymi	ekspansywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspacie	ekspata	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspacie	ekspata	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspaci	ekspata	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspaci	ekspata	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatach	ekspata	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspata	ekspata	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatami	ekspata	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatą	ekspata	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatę	ekspata	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspato	ekspata	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatom	ekspata	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatów	ekspata	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatów	ekspata	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspaty	ekspata	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspaty	ekspata	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspaty	ekspata	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacjach	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacja	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacjami	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacją	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacje	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacje	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacje	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriację	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacji	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspatriacji	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacji	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacji	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacjo	ekspatriacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacjom	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriacyj	ekspatriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspatriancie	ekspatriant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriancie	ekspatriant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianci	ekspatriant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianci	ekspatriant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantach	ekspatriant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianta	ekspatriant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianta	ekspatriant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantami	ekspatriant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriant	ekspatriant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantem	ekspatriant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantom	ekspatriant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantowi	ekspatriant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantów	ekspatriant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriantów	ekspatriant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianty	ekspatriant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatrianty	ekspatriant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspatriować	ekspatriować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowaliby	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowalibyście	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowalibyśmy	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowali	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowali	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowaliście	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowaliśmy	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałaby	ekspatriować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałabym	ekspatriować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałabyś	ekspatriować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowała	ekspatriować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowała	ekspatriować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałam	ekspatriować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałaś	ekspatriować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałby	ekspatriować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałbym	ekspatriować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałbyś	ekspatriować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriował	ekspatriować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekspatriował	ekspatriować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałem	ekspatriować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałeś	ekspatriować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałoby	ekspatriować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałobym	ekspatriować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałobyś	ekspatriować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowało	ekspatriować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowało	ekspatriować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałom	ekspatriować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałoś	ekspatriować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałyby	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałybyście	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałybyśmy	ekspatriować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowały	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowały	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałyście	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowałyśmy	ekspatriować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowana	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaną	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowane	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowane	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanego	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanego	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanej	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanemu	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaniach	ekspatriować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowania	ekspatriować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowania	ekspatriować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaniami	ekspatriować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanie	ekspatriować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowani	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaniem	ekspatriować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaniom	ekspatriować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowaniu	ekspatriować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowano	ekspatriować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekspatriowanych	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanych	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowany	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowany	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanym	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanym	ekspatriować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowanymi	ekspatriować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowań	ekspatriować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspatriowawszy	ekspatriować	pant:perf		
ekspatriująca	ekspatriować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującą	ekspatriować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujące	ekspatriować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujące	ekspatriować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującego	ekspatriować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującego	ekspatriować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującej	ekspatriować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspatriując	ekspatriować	pcon:imperf		
ekspatriującemu	ekspatriować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspatriująco	ekspatriować	pacta		
ekspatriujących	ekspatriować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujących	ekspatriować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujący	ekspatriować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujący	ekspatriować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriujący	ekspatriować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującym	ekspatriować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującym	ekspatriować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspatriującymi	ekspatriować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspatriują	ekspatriować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriujcie	ekspatriować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriujecie	ekspatriować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriuje	ekspatriować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspatriuj	ekspatriować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriujemy	ekspatriować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriujesz	ekspatriować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspatriuję	ekspatriować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspatriujmy	ekspatriować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediencie	ekspedient	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspediencie	ekspedient	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienci	ekspedient	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienci	ekspedient	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientach	ekspedient	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienta	ekspedient	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienta	ekspedient	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientami	ekspedient	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedient	ekspedient	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientem	ekspedient	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientom	ekspedient	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientowi	ekspedient	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientów	ekspedient	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientów	ekspedient	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienty	ekspedient	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedienty	ekspedient	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientce	ekspedientka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientce	ekspedientka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientek	ekspedientka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientkach	ekspedientka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientka	ekspedientka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientkami	ekspedientka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientką	ekspedientka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientkę	ekspedientka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientki	ekspedientka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientki	ekspedientka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientki	ekspedientka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientki	ekspedientka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientko	ekspedientka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedientkom	ekspedientka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspediować	ekspediować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekspediowaliby	ekspediować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowalibyście	ekspediować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowalibyśmy	ekspediować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowali	ekspediować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekspediowali	ekspediować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowaliście	ekspediować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowaliśmy	ekspediować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałaby	ekspediować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałabym	ekspediować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałabyś	ekspediować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowała	ekspediować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekspediowała	ekspediować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałam	ekspediować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałaś	ekspediować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałby	ekspediować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałbym	ekspediować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałbyś	ekspediować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediował	ekspediować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekspediował	ekspediować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałem	ekspediować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałeś	ekspediować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałoby	ekspediować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałobym	ekspediować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałobyś	ekspediować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowało	ekspediować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekspediowało	ekspediować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałom	ekspediować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałoś	ekspediować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałyby	ekspediować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałybyście	ekspediować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałybyśmy	ekspediować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowały	ekspediować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekspediowały	ekspediować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałyście	ekspediować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediowałyśmy	ekspediować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediowana	ekspediować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaną	ekspediować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowane	ekspediować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowane	ekspediować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanego	ekspediować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanego	ekspediować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanej	ekspediować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanemu	ekspediować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaniach	ekspediować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowania	ekspediować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowania	ekspediować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaniami	ekspediować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanie	ekspediować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowani	ekspediować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaniem	ekspediować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaniom	ekspediować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowaniu	ekspediować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowano	ekspediować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekspediowanych	ekspediować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanych	ekspediować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowany	ekspediować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowany	ekspediować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanym	ekspediować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanym	ekspediować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowanymi	ekspediować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowań	ekspediować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspediowawszy	ekspediować	pant:perf		
ekspediująca	ekspediować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspediującą	ekspediować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspediujące	ekspediować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspediujące	ekspediować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspediującego	ekspediować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspediującego	ekspediować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspediującej	ekspediować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspediując	ekspediować	pcon:imperf		
ekspediującemu	ekspediować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspediująco	ekspediować	pacta		
ekspediujących	ekspediować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspediujących	ekspediować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspediujący	ekspediować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspediujący	ekspediować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspediujący	ekspediować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspediującym	ekspediować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspediującym	ekspediować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspediującymi	ekspediować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspediują	ekspediować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediujcie	ekspediować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediujecie	ekspediować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediuje	ekspediować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekspediuj	ekspediować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediujemy	ekspediować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediujesz	ekspediować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekspediuję	ekspediować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspediujmy	ekspediować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekspedite	ekspedite	adv		książk.
ekspedycjach	ekspedycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycja	ekspedycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycjami	ekspedycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycją	ekspedycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycje	ekspedycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycje	ekspedycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycje	ekspedycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycję	ekspedycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycji	ekspedycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspedycji	ekspedycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycji	ekspedycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycji	ekspedycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycjo	ekspedycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycjom	ekspedycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyj	ekspedycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspedycyjnościach	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjnościami	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjnością	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjności	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjnościom	ekspedycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjność	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjność	ekspedycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedycyjna	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspedycyjną	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspedycyjną	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspedycyjne	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycyjne	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycyjne	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjne	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjnego	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspedycyjnego	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjnej	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspedycyjnej	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspedycyjnej	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspedycyjnemu	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjni	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspedycyjno	ekspedycyjny	adja		
ekspedycyjnych	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspedycyjnych	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycyjnych	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycyjny	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspedycyjny	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspedycyjnym	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycyjnym	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjnym	ekspedycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspedycyjnymi	ekspedycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspedycie	ekspedyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedycie	ekspedyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytach	ekspedyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytami	ekspedyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedyt	ekspedyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedyt	ekspedyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytem	ekspedyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytom	ekspedyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytowi	ekspedyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytów	ekspedyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytu	ekspedyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedyty	ekspedyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedyty	ekspedyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedyty	ekspedyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspedytorach	ekspedytor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytora	ekspedytor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytora	ekspedytor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorami	ekspedytor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytor	ekspedytor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorem	ekspedytor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorom	ekspedytor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorowi	ekspedytor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorów	ekspedytor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorów	ekspedytor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytory	ekspedytor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytory	ekspedytor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorze	ekspedytor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorze	ekspedytor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorzy	ekspedytor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorzy	ekspedytor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorce	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorce	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorek	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorkach	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorka	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorkami	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorką	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorkę	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorki	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorki	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorki	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorki	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorko	ekspedytorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytorkom	ekspedytorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturach	ekspedytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytura	ekspedytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturami	ekspedytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturą	ekspedytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytur	ekspedytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturę	ekspedytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturo	ekspedytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturom	ekspedytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytury	ekspedytura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytury	ekspedytura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytury	ekspedytura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedytury	ekspedytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturze	ekspedytura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspedyturze	ekspedytura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspektancie	ekspektant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektancie	ekspektant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanci	ekspektant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanci	ekspektant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantach	ekspektant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanta	ekspektant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanta	ekspektant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantami	ekspektant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektant	ekspektant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantem	ekspektant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantom	ekspektant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantowi	ekspektant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantów	ekspektant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektantów	ekspektant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanty	ekspektant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektanty	ekspektant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywach	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywa	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywami	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywą	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatyw	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywę	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywie	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywie	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywo	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywom	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywy	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywy	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywy	ekspektatywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektatywy	ekspektatywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspektoracjach	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracja	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracjami	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracją	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracje	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracje	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracje	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektorację	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracji	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
ekspektoracji	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracji	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracji	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracjo	ekspektoracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracjom	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspektoracyj	ekspektoracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
ekspensach	ekspens	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensa	ekspens	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensa	ekspens	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensa	ekspens	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensami	ekspens	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspens	ekspens	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspens	ekspens	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensem	ekspens	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensie	ekspens	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensie	ekspens	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensom	ekspens	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensowi	ekspens	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensów	ekspens	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensu	ekspens	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensy	ekspens	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensy	ekspens	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensy	ekspens	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspensach	ekspensa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensa	ekspensa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensami	ekspensa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensą	ekspensa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspens	ekspensa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensę	ekspensa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensie	ekspensa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensie	ekspensa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspenso	ekspensa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensom	ekspensa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensy	ekspensa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensy	ekspensa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensy	ekspensa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensy	ekspensa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspensować	ekspensować	inf:imperf		przest.
ekspensowaliby	ekspensować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowalibyście	ekspensować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowalibyśmy	ekspensować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowali	ekspensować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
ekspensowali	ekspensować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowaliście	ekspensować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowaliśmy	ekspensować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałaby	ekspensować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałabym	ekspensować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałabyś	ekspensować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowała	ekspensować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
ekspensowała	ekspensować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałam	ekspensować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałaś	ekspensować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałby	ekspensować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałbym	ekspensować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałbyś	ekspensować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensował	ekspensować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
ekspensował	ekspensować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałem	ekspensować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałeś	ekspensować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałoby	ekspensować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałobym	ekspensować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałobyś	ekspensować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowało	ekspensować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
ekspensowało	ekspensować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałom	ekspensować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałoś	ekspensować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałyby	ekspensować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałybyście	ekspensować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałybyśmy	ekspensować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowały	ekspensować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
ekspensowały	ekspensować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałyście	ekspensować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensowałyśmy	ekspensować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensowana	ekspensować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaną	ekspensować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensowane	ekspensować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowane	ekspensować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanego	ekspensować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanego	ekspensować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanej	ekspensować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanemu	ekspensować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaniach	ekspensować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowania	ekspensować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowania	ekspensować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaniami	ekspensować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanie	ekspensować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowani	ekspensować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaniem	ekspensować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaniom	ekspensować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowaniu	ekspensować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowano	ekspensować	imps:imperf		przest.
ekspensowanych	ekspensować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanych	ekspensować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowany	ekspensować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowany	ekspensować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanym	ekspensować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanym	ekspensować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensowanymi	ekspensować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensowań	ekspensować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensująca	ekspensować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensującą	ekspensować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensujące	ekspensować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensujące	ekspensować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensującego	ekspensować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspensującego	ekspensować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensującej	ekspensować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspensując	ekspensować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ekspensującemu	ekspensować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensująco	ekspensować	pacta		
ekspensujących	ekspensować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspensujących	ekspensować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensujący	ekspensować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspensujący	ekspensować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspensujący	ekspensować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspensującym	ekspensować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensującym	ekspensować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspensującymi	ekspensować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspensują	ekspensować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensujcie	ekspensować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensujecie	ekspensować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensuje	ekspensować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
ekspensuj	ekspensować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensujemy	ekspensować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensujesz	ekspensować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ekspensuję	ekspensować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
ekspensujmy	ekspensować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
eksperccy	ekspercki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspercka	ekspercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspercką	ekspercki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspercką	ekspercki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksperckich	ekspercki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksperckich	ekspercki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperckich	ekspercki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperckie	ekspercki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperckie	ekspercki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperckie	ekspercki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperckie	ekspercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperckiego	ekspercki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksperckiego	ekspercki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperckiej	ekspercki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksperckiej	ekspercki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksperckiej	ekspercki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspercki	ekspercki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspercki	ekspercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksperckiemu	ekspercki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperckim	ekspercki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperckim	ekspercki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperckim	ekspercki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperckimi	ekspercki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspercko	ekspercki	adja		
ekspercku	ekspercki	adjp		
ekspercko	ekspercko	adv:pos		
eksperckościach	eksperckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckościami	eksperckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckością	eksperckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckości	eksperckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckościom	eksperckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckość	eksperckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperckość	eksperckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperiencjach	eksperiencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencja	eksperiencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencjami	eksperiencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencją	eksperiencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencje	eksperiencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencje	eksperiencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencje	eksperiencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencję	eksperiencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencji	eksperiencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
eksperiencji	eksperiencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencji	eksperiencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencji	eksperiencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencjo	eksperiencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencjom	eksperiencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksperiencyj	eksperiencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
ekspercie	ekspert	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspercie	ekspert	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperci	ekspert	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperci	ekspert	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertach	ekspert	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperta	ekspert	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperta	ekspert	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertami	ekspert	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspert	ekspert	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertem	ekspert	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertom	ekspert	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertowi	ekspert	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertów	ekspert	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertów	ekspert	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperty	ekspert	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperty	ekspert	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertce	ekspertka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertce	ekspertka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertek	ekspertka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertkach	ekspertka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertka	ekspertka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertkami	ekspertka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertką	ekspertka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertkę	ekspertka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertki	ekspertka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertki	ekspertka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertki	ekspertka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertki	ekspertka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertko	ekspertka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertkom	ekspertka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzach	ekspertyza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyza	ekspertyza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzami	ekspertyza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzą	ekspertyza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyz	ekspertyza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzę	ekspertyza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzie	ekspertyza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzie	ekspertyza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzo	ekspertyza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzom	ekspertyza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzy	ekspertyza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzy	ekspertyza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzy	ekspertyza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzy	ekspertyza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowościach	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowościami	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowością	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowości	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowościom	ekspertyzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowość	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowość	ekspertyzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspertyzowa	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspertyzową	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspertyzową	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspertyzowe	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspertyzowe	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspertyzowe	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowe	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowego	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspertyzowego	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowej	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspertyzowej	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspertyzowej	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspertyzowemu	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowi	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspertyzowo	ekspertyzowy	adja		
ekspertyzowych	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspertyzowych	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspertyzowych	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspertyzowy	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspertyzowy	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspertyzowym	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspertyzowym	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowym	ekspertyzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspertyzowymi	ekspertyzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymencie	eksperyment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymencie	eksperyment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentach	eksperyment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentami	eksperyment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperyment	eksperyment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperyment	eksperyment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentem	eksperyment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentom	eksperyment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentowi	eksperyment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentów	eksperyment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentu	eksperyment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymenty	eksperyment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymenty	eksperyment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymenty	eksperyment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacjach	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacja	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacjami	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacją	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacje	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacje	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacje	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentację	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacji	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksperymentacji	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacji	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacji	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacjo	eksperymentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacjom	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentacyj	eksperymentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksperymentalistach	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalista	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistami	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistą	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistę	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalisto	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistom	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistów	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalistów	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalisty	eksperymentalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalisty	eksperymentalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalisty	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentaliście	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentaliście	eksperymentalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentaliści	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentaliści	eksperymentalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmach	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmami	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizm	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizm	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmem	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmie	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmie	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmom	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmowi	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmów	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmu	eksperymentalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmy	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmy	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalizmy	eksperymentalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalnie	eksperymentalnie	adv:pos		
eksperymentalnościach	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalnościami	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalnością	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalności	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalnościom	eksperymentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalność	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalność	eksperymentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentalna	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksperymentalną	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksperymentalną	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksperymentalne	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentalne	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentalne	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalne	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalnego	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksperymentalnego	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalnej	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksperymentalnej	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksperymentalnej	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksperymentalnemu	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalni	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksperymentalno	eksperymentalny	adja		
eksperymentalnych	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksperymentalnych	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentalnych	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentalny	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksperymentalny	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksperymentalnym	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentalnym	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalnym	eksperymentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentalnymi	eksperymentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorach	eksperymentator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatora	eksperymentator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatora	eksperymentator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorami	eksperymentator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentator	eksperymentator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorem	eksperymentator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorom	eksperymentator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorowi	eksperymentator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorów	eksperymentator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorów	eksperymentator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatory	eksperymentator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatory	eksperymentator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorze	eksperymentator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorze	eksperymentator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorzy	eksperymentator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorzy	eksperymentator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorce	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorce	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorek	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorkach	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorka	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorkami	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorką	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorkę	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorki	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorki	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorki	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorki	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorko	eksperymentatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorkom	eksperymentatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorscy	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksperymentatorska	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksperymentatorską	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksperymentatorską	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksperymentatorskich	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksperymentatorskich	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorskich	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorskie	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorskie	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorskie	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskie	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskiego	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksperymentatorskiego	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskiej	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksperymentatorskiej	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksperymentatorskiej	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksperymentatorski	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksperymentatorski	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksperymentatorskiemu	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskim	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorskim	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskim	eksperymentatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksperymentatorskimi	eksperymentatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksperymentatorsko	eksperymentatorski	adja		
eksperymentatorsku	eksperymentatorski	adjp		
eksperymentatorsko	eksperymentatorsko	adv:pos		
eksperymentatorskościach	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskościami	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskością	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskości	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskościom	eksperymentatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskość	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorskość	eksperymentatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwach	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwa	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwa	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwa	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwa	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwami	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstw	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwem	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwie	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwo	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwo	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwo	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwom	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentatorstwu	eksperymentatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eksperymentować	eksperymentować	inf:imperf		
eksperymentowaliby	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowalibyście	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowalibyśmy	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowali	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksperymentowali	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowaliście	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowaliśmy	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałaby	eksperymentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałabym	eksperymentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałabyś	eksperymentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowała	eksperymentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksperymentowała	eksperymentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałam	eksperymentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałaś	eksperymentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowałby	eksperymentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałbym	eksperymentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałbyś	eksperymentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksperymentował	eksperymentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksperymentował	eksperymentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałem	eksperymentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałeś	eksperymentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowałoby	eksperymentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałobym	eksperymentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałobyś	eksperymentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowało	eksperymentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksperymentowało	eksperymentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałom	eksperymentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowałoś	eksperymentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowałyby	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałybyście	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowałybyśmy	eksperymentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowały	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksperymentowały	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksperymentowałyście	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksperymentowałyśmy	eksperymentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksperymentowaniach	eksperymentować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowania	eksperymentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowania	eksperymentować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowaniami	eksperymentować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowanie	eksperymentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowaniem	eksperymentować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowaniom	eksperymentować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowaniu	eksperymentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentowano	eksperymentować	imps:imperf		
eksperymentowań	eksperymentować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentująca	eksperymentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującą	eksperymentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujące	eksperymentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujące	eksperymentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującego	eksperymentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującego	eksperymentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującej	eksperymentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksperymentując	eksperymentować	pcon:imperf		
eksperymentującemu	eksperymentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentująco	eksperymentować	pacta		
eksperymentujących	eksperymentować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujących	eksperymentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujący	eksperymentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujący	eksperymentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentujący	eksperymentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującym	eksperymentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującym	eksperymentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksperymentującymi	eksperymentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksperymentują	eksperymentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksperymentujcie	eksperymentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksperymentujecie	eksperymentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksperymentuje	eksperymentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksperymentuj	eksperymentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksperymentujemy	eksperymentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksperymentujesz	eksperymentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksperymentuję	eksperymentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksperymentujmy	eksperymentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekspiacjach	ekspiacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacja	ekspiacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacjami	ekspiacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacją	ekspiacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacje	ekspiacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacje	ekspiacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacje	ekspiacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiację	ekspiacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacji	ekspiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspiacji	ekspiacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacji	ekspiacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacji	ekspiacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacjo	ekspiacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacjom	ekspiacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyj	ekspiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspiacyjnościach	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjnościami	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjnością	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjności	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjnościom	ekspiacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjność	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjność	ekspiacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiacyjna	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspiacyjną	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspiacyjną	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspiacyjne	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiacyjne	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiacyjne	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjne	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjnego	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspiacyjnego	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjnej	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspiacyjnej	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspiacyjnej	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspiacyjnemu	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjni	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspiacyjno	ekspiacyjny	adja		
ekspiacyjnych	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspiacyjnych	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiacyjnych	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiacyjny	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspiacyjny	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspiacyjnym	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiacyjnym	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjnym	ekspiacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiacyjnymi	ekspiacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiatorach	ekspiator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatora	ekspiator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatora	ekspiator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorami	ekspiator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiator	ekspiator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorem	ekspiator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorom	ekspiator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorowi	ekspiator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorów	ekspiator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorów	ekspiator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatory	ekspiator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatory	ekspiator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorze	ekspiator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorze	ekspiator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorzy	ekspiator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiatorzy	ekspiator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekspiować	ekspiować	inf:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowaliby	ekspiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowalibyście	ekspiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowalibyśmy	ekspiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowali	ekspiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowali	ekspiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowaliście	ekspiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowaliśmy	ekspiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałaby	ekspiować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałabym	ekspiować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałabyś	ekspiować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowała	ekspiować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowała	ekspiować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałam	ekspiować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałaś	ekspiować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałby	ekspiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałbym	ekspiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałbyś	ekspiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiował	ekspiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
ekspiował	ekspiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałem	ekspiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałeś	ekspiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałoby	ekspiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałobym	ekspiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałobyś	ekspiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowało	ekspiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowało	ekspiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałom	ekspiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałoś	ekspiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałyby	ekspiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałybyście	ekspiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałybyśmy	ekspiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowały	ekspiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowały	ekspiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałyście	ekspiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowałyśmy	ekspiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowana	ekspiować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaną	ekspiować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiowane	ekspiować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowane	ekspiować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanego	ekspiować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanego	ekspiować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanej	ekspiować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanemu	ekspiować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaniach	ekspiować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowania	ekspiować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowania	ekspiować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaniami	ekspiować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanie	ekspiować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowani	ekspiować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaniem	ekspiować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaniom	ekspiować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowaniu	ekspiować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowano	ekspiować	imps:imperf		rzad.
ekspiowanych	ekspiować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanych	ekspiować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowany	ekspiować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowany	ekspiować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanym	ekspiować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanym	ekspiować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiowanymi	ekspiować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiowań	ekspiować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiująca	ekspiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiującą	ekspiować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiujące	ekspiować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiujące	ekspiować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiującego	ekspiować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspiującego	ekspiować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiującej	ekspiować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspiując	ekspiować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
ekspiującemu	ekspiować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiująco	ekspiować	pacta		
ekspiujących	ekspiować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspiujących	ekspiować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiujący	ekspiować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspiujący	ekspiować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspiujący	ekspiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspiującym	ekspiować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiującym	ekspiować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspiującymi	ekspiować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspiują	ekspiować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiujcie	ekspiować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiujecie	ekspiować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiuje	ekspiować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
ekspiuj	ekspiować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiujemy	ekspiować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiujesz	ekspiować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
ekspiuję	ekspiować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiujmy	ekspiować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
ekspiracjach	ekspiracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracja	ekspiracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracjami	ekspiracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracją	ekspiracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracje	ekspiracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracje	ekspiracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracje	ekspiracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspirację	ekspiracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracji	ekspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspiracji	ekspiracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracji	ekspiracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracji	ekspiracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracjo	ekspiracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracjom	ekspiracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyj	ekspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspiracyjnościach	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjnościami	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjnością	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjności	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjnościom	ekspiracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjność	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjność	ekspiracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspiracyjna	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspiracyjną	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspiracyjną	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspiracyjne	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiracyjne	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiracyjne	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjne	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjnego	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspiracyjnego	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjnej	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspiracyjnej	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspiracyjnej	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspiracyjnemu	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjni	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspiracyjno	ekspiracyjny	adja		
ekspiracyjnych	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspiracyjnych	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiracyjnych	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiracyjny	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspiracyjny	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspiracyjnym	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspiracyjnym	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjnym	ekspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspiracyjnymi	ekspiracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspirować	ekspirować	inf:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowaliby	ekspirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowalibyście	ekspirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowalibyśmy	ekspirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowali	ekspirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowali	ekspirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowaliście	ekspirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowaliśmy	ekspirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałaby	ekspirować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałabym	ekspirować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałabyś	ekspirować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowała	ekspirować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowała	ekspirować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałam	ekspirować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałaś	ekspirować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałby	ekspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałbym	ekspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałbyś	ekspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirował	ekspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirował	ekspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałem	ekspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałeś	ekspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałoby	ekspirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałobym	ekspirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałobyś	ekspirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowało	ekspirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowało	ekspirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałom	ekspirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałoś	ekspirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałyby	ekspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałybyście	ekspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałybyśmy	ekspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowały	ekspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowały	ekspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałyście	ekspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowałyśmy	ekspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowana	ekspirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaną	ekspirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowane	ekspirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowane	ekspirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanego	ekspirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanego	ekspirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanej	ekspirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanemu	ekspirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaniach	ekspirować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowania	ekspirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowania	ekspirować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaniami	ekspirować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanie	ekspirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowani	ekspirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaniem	ekspirować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaniom	ekspirować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowaniu	ekspirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowano	ekspirować	imps:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirowanych	ekspirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanych	ekspirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowany	ekspirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowany	ekspirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanym	ekspirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanym	ekspirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowanymi	ekspirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowań	ekspirować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekspirowawszy	ekspirować	pant:perf		przest.
ekspirująca	ekspirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspirującą	ekspirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspirujące	ekspirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspirujące	ekspirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspirującego	ekspirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspirującego	ekspirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspirującej	ekspirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspirując	ekspirować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ekspirującemu	ekspirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspirująco	ekspirować	pacta		
ekspirujących	ekspirować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspirujących	ekspirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspirujący	ekspirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspirujący	ekspirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspirujący	ekspirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspirującym	ekspirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspirującym	ekspirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspirującymi	ekspirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspirują	ekspirować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirujcie	ekspirować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirujecie	ekspirować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspiruje	ekspirować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspiruj	ekspirować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirujemy	ekspirować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirujesz	ekspirować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspiruję	ekspirować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekspirujmy	ekspirować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
eksplantacjach	eksplantacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacja	eksplantacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacjami	eksplantacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacją	eksplantacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacje	eksplantacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacje	eksplantacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacje	eksplantacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantację	eksplantacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacji	eksplantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksplantacji	eksplantacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacji	eksplantacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacji	eksplantacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacjo	eksplantacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacjom	eksplantacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplantacyj	eksplantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksplicytnie	eksplicytnie	adv:pos		
eksplicytnościach	eksplicytność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytnościami	eksplicytność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytnością	eksplicytność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytności	eksplicytność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytnościom	eksplicytność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytność	eksplicytność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytność	eksplicytność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplicytna	eksplicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksplicytną	eksplicytny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksplicytną	eksplicytny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksplicytne	eksplicytny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplicytne	eksplicytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplicytne	eksplicytny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytne	eksplicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytnego	eksplicytny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksplicytnego	eksplicytny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytnej	eksplicytny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksplicytnej	eksplicytny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksplicytnej	eksplicytny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksplicytnemu	eksplicytny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytni	eksplicytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplicytno	eksplicytny	adja		
eksplicytnych	eksplicytny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplicytnych	eksplicytny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplicytnych	eksplicytny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplicytny	eksplicytny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksplicytny	eksplicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksplicytnym	eksplicytny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplicytnym	eksplicytny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytnym	eksplicytny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplicytnymi	eksplicytny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacjach	eksplikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacja	eksplikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacjami	eksplikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacją	eksplikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacje	eksplikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacje	eksplikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacje	eksplikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikację	eksplikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacji	eksplikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
eksplikacji	eksplikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacji	eksplikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacji	eksplikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacjo	eksplikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacjom	eksplikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksplikacyj	eksplikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
eksplikacyjnie	eksplikacyjnie	adv:pos		
eksplikacyjnościach	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjnościami	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjnością	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjności	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjnościom	eksplikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjność	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjność	eksplikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikacyjna	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksplikacyjną	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksplikacyjną	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksplikacyjne	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacyjne	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacyjne	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjne	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjnego	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksplikacyjnego	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjnej	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksplikacyjnej	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksplikacyjnej	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksplikacyjnemu	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjni	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplikacyjno	eksplikacyjny	adja		
eksplikacyjnych	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplikacyjnych	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacyjnych	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacyjny	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksplikacyjny	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksplikacyjnym	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikacyjnym	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjnym	eksplikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikacyjnymi	eksplikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywnościach	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywnościami	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywnością	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywności	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywnościom	eksplikatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywność	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywność	eksplikatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplikatywna	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksplikatywną	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksplikatywną	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksplikatywne	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywne	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywne	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywne	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywnego	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksplikatywnego	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywnej	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksplikatywnej	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksplikatywnej	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksplikatywnemu	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywni	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplikatywno	eksplikatywny	adja		
eksplikatywnych	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplikatywnych	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywnych	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywny	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksplikatywny	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksplikatywnym	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikatywnym	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywnym	eksplikatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplikatywnymi	eksplikatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplikować	eksplikować	inf:imperf		
eksplikowaliby	eksplikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksplikowalibyście	eksplikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksplikowalibyśmy	eksplikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksplikowali	eksplikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksplikowali	eksplikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksplikowaliście	eksplikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksplikowaliśmy	eksplikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałaby	eksplikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałabym	eksplikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałabyś	eksplikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksplikowała	eksplikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksplikowała	eksplikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałam	eksplikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałaś	eksplikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksplikowałby	eksplikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałbym	eksplikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałbyś	eksplikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksplikował	eksplikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksplikował	eksplikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałem	eksplikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałeś	eksplikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksplikowałoby	eksplikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałobym	eksplikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałobyś	eksplikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksplikowało	eksplikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksplikowało	eksplikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałom	eksplikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksplikowałoś	eksplikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksplikowałyby	eksplikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałybyście	eksplikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksplikowałybyśmy	eksplikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksplikowały	eksplikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksplikowały	eksplikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksplikowałyście	eksplikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksplikowałyśmy	eksplikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksplikowana	eksplikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaną	eksplikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikowane	eksplikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowane	eksplikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanego	eksplikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanego	eksplikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanej	eksplikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanemu	eksplikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaniach	eksplikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowania	eksplikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowania	eksplikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaniami	eksplikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanie	eksplikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowani	eksplikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaniem	eksplikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaniom	eksplikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowaniu	eksplikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowano	eksplikować	imps:imperf		
eksplikowanych	eksplikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanych	eksplikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowany	eksplikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowany	eksplikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanym	eksplikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanym	eksplikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikowanymi	eksplikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikowań	eksplikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikująca	eksplikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikującą	eksplikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikujące	eksplikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikujące	eksplikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikującego	eksplikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksplikującego	eksplikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikującej	eksplikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplikując	eksplikować	pcon:imperf		
eksplikującemu	eksplikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikująco	eksplikować	pacta		
eksplikujących	eksplikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplikujących	eksplikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikujący	eksplikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplikujący	eksplikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksplikujący	eksplikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksplikującym	eksplikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikującym	eksplikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplikującymi	eksplikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplikują	eksplikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksplikujcie	eksplikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksplikujecie	eksplikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksplikuje	eksplikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksplikuj	eksplikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksplikujemy	eksplikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksplikujesz	eksplikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksplikuję	eksplikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksplikujmy	eksplikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eksploatacjach	eksploatacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacja	eksploatacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacjami	eksploatacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacją	eksploatacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacje	eksploatacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacje	eksploatacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacje	eksploatacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatację	eksploatacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacji	eksploatacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksploatacji	eksploatacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacji	eksploatacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacji	eksploatacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacjo	eksploatacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacjom	eksploatacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyj	eksploatacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksploatacyjnościach	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjnościami	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjnością	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjności	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjnościom	eksploatacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjność	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjność	eksploatacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatacyjna	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksploatacyjną	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksploatacyjną	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksploatacyjne	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatacyjne	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatacyjne	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjne	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjnego	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksploatacyjnego	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjnej	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksploatacyjnej	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksploatacyjnej	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksploatacyjnemu	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjni	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploatacyjno	eksploatacyjny	adja		
eksploatacyjnych	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploatacyjnych	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatacyjnych	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatacyjny	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksploatacyjny	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksploatacyjnym	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatacyjnym	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjnym	eksploatacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatacyjnymi	eksploatacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorach	eksploatator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatora	eksploatator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatora	eksploatator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorami	eksploatator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatator	eksploatator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorem	eksploatator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorom	eksploatator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorowi	eksploatator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorów	eksploatator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorów	eksploatator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatory	eksploatator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatory	eksploatator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorze	eksploatator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorze	eksploatator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorzy	eksploatator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorzy	eksploatator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorscy	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploatatorska	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksploatatorską	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksploatatorską	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksploatatorskich	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploatatorskich	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorskich	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorskie	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorskie	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorskie	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskie	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskiego	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksploatatorskiego	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskiej	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksploatatorskiej	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksploatatorskiej	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksploatatorski	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksploatatorski	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksploatatorskiemu	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskim	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorskim	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskim	eksploatatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploatatorskimi	eksploatatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploatatorsko	eksploatatorski	adja		
eksploatatorsku	eksploatatorski	adjp		
eksploatatorsko	eksploatatorsko	adv:pos		
eksploatatorskościach	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskościami	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskością	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskości	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskościom	eksploatatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskość	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatatorskość	eksploatatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploatować	eksploatować	inf:imperf		
eksploatowaliby	eksploatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksploatowalibyście	eksploatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksploatowalibyśmy	eksploatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksploatowali	eksploatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksploatowali	eksploatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksploatowaliście	eksploatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksploatowaliśmy	eksploatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałaby	eksploatować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałabym	eksploatować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałabyś	eksploatować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksploatowała	eksploatować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksploatowała	eksploatować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałam	eksploatować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałaś	eksploatować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksploatowałby	eksploatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałbym	eksploatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałbyś	eksploatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksploatował	eksploatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksploatował	eksploatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałem	eksploatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałeś	eksploatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksploatowałoby	eksploatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałobym	eksploatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałobyś	eksploatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksploatowało	eksploatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksploatowało	eksploatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałom	eksploatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksploatowałoś	eksploatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksploatowałyby	eksploatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałybyście	eksploatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksploatowałybyśmy	eksploatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksploatowały	eksploatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksploatowały	eksploatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksploatowałyście	eksploatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksploatowałyśmy	eksploatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksploatowana	eksploatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaną	eksploatować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatowane	eksploatować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowane	eksploatować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanego	eksploatować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanego	eksploatować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanej	eksploatować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanemu	eksploatować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaniach	eksploatować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowania	eksploatować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowania	eksploatować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaniami	eksploatować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanie	eksploatować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowani	eksploatować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaniem	eksploatować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaniom	eksploatować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowaniu	eksploatować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowano	eksploatować	imps:imperf		
eksploatowanych	eksploatować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanych	eksploatować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowany	eksploatować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowany	eksploatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanym	eksploatować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanym	eksploatować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatowanymi	eksploatować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatowań	eksploatować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatująca	eksploatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatującą	eksploatować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatujące	eksploatować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatujące	eksploatować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatującego	eksploatować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksploatującego	eksploatować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatującej	eksploatować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksploatując	eksploatować	pcon:imperf		
eksploatującemu	eksploatować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatująco	eksploatować	pacta		
eksploatujących	eksploatować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksploatujących	eksploatować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatujący	eksploatować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksploatujący	eksploatować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksploatujący	eksploatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksploatującym	eksploatować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatującym	eksploatować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksploatującymi	eksploatować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksploatują	eksploatować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksploatujcie	eksploatować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksploatujecie	eksploatować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksploatuje	eksploatować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksploatuj	eksploatować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksploatujemy	eksploatować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksploatujesz	eksploatować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksploatuję	eksploatować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksploatujmy	eksploatować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eksplodować	eksplodować	inf:imperf.perf		
eksplodowaliby	eksplodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowalibyście	eksplodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowalibyśmy	eksplodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowali	eksplodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
eksplodowali	eksplodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowaliście	eksplodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowaliśmy	eksplodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałaby	eksplodować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałabym	eksplodować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałabyś	eksplodować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowała	eksplodować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
eksplodowała	eksplodować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałam	eksplodować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałaś	eksplodować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałby	eksplodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałbym	eksplodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałbyś	eksplodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodował	eksplodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
eksplodował	eksplodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałem	eksplodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałeś	eksplodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałoby	eksplodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałobym	eksplodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałobyś	eksplodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowało	eksplodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
eksplodowało	eksplodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałom	eksplodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałoś	eksplodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałyby	eksplodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałybyście	eksplodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałybyśmy	eksplodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowały	eksplodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
eksplodowały	eksplodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałyście	eksplodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodowałyśmy	eksplodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodowaniach	eksplodować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowania	eksplodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowania	eksplodować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowaniami	eksplodować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowanie	eksplodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowaniem	eksplodować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowaniom	eksplodować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowaniu	eksplodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowano	eksplodować	imps:imperf.perf		
eksplodowań	eksplodować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksplodowawszy	eksplodować	pant:perf		
eksplodująca	eksplodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplodującą	eksplodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksplodujące	eksplodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplodujące	eksplodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplodującego	eksplodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksplodującego	eksplodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplodującej	eksplodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplodując	eksplodować	pcon:imperf		
eksplodującemu	eksplodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplodująco	eksplodować	pacta		
eksplodujących	eksplodować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplodujących	eksplodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplodujący	eksplodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplodujący	eksplodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksplodujący	eksplodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksplodującym	eksplodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplodującym	eksplodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplodującymi	eksplodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplodują	eksplodować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
eksplodujcie	eksplodować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodujecie	eksplodować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksploduje	eksplodować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
eksploduj	eksplodować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksplodujemy	eksplodować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodujesz	eksplodować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksploduję	eksplodować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
eksplodujmy	eksplodować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksploracjach	eksploracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracja	eksploracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracjami	eksploracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracją	eksploracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracje	eksploracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracje	eksploracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracje	eksploracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplorację	eksploracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracji	eksploracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksploracji	eksploracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracji	eksploracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracji	eksploracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracjo	eksploracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracjom	eksploracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyj	eksploracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksploracyjnościach	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjnościami	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjnością	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjności	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjnościom	eksploracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjność	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjność	eksploracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploracyjna	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksploracyjną	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksploracyjną	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksploracyjne	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploracyjne	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploracyjne	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjne	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjnego	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksploracyjnego	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjnej	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksploracyjnej	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksploracyjnej	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksploracyjnemu	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjni	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploracyjno	eksploracyjny	adja		
eksploracyjnych	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploracyjnych	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploracyjnych	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploracyjny	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksploracyjny	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksploracyjnym	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploracyjnym	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjnym	eksploracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploracyjnymi	eksploracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorach	eksplorator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratora	eksplorator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratora	eksplorator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorami	eksplorator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksplorator	eksplorator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorem	eksplorator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorom	eksplorator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorowi	eksplorator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorów	eksplorator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorów	eksplorator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratory	eksplorator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratory	eksplorator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorze	eksplorator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorze	eksplorator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorzy	eksplorator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorzy	eksplorator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorce	eksploratorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorce	eksploratorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorek	eksploratorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorkach	eksploratorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorka	eksploratorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorkami	eksploratorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorką	eksploratorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorkę	eksploratorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorki	eksploratorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorki	eksploratorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorki	eksploratorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorki	eksploratorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorko	eksploratorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorkom	eksploratorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorscy	eksploratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploratorska	eksploratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksploratorską	eksploratorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksploratorską	eksploratorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksploratorskich	eksploratorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksploratorskich	eksploratorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorskich	eksploratorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorskie	eksploratorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorskie	eksploratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorskie	eksploratorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskie	eksploratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskiego	eksploratorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksploratorskiego	eksploratorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskiej	eksploratorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksploratorskiej	eksploratorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksploratorskiej	eksploratorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksploratorski	eksploratorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksploratorski	eksploratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksploratorskiemu	eksploratorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskim	eksploratorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorskim	eksploratorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskim	eksploratorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksploratorskimi	eksploratorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksploratorsko	eksploratorski	adja		
eksploratorsku	eksploratorski	adjp		
eksploratorsko	eksploratorsko	adv:pos		
eksploratorskościach	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskościami	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskością	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskości	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskościom	eksploratorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskość	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksploratorskość	eksploratorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplorować	eksplorować	inf:imperf		
eksplorowaliby	eksplorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksplorowalibyście	eksplorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksplorowalibyśmy	eksplorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksplorowali	eksplorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksplorowali	eksplorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksplorowaliście	eksplorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksplorowaliśmy	eksplorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałaby	eksplorować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałabym	eksplorować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałabyś	eksplorować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksplorowała	eksplorować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksplorowała	eksplorować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałam	eksplorować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałaś	eksplorować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksplorowałby	eksplorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałbym	eksplorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałbyś	eksplorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksplorował	eksplorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksplorował	eksplorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałem	eksplorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałeś	eksplorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksplorowałoby	eksplorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałobym	eksplorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałobyś	eksplorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksplorowało	eksplorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksplorowało	eksplorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałom	eksplorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksplorowałoś	eksplorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksplorowałyby	eksplorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałybyście	eksplorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksplorowałybyśmy	eksplorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksplorowały	eksplorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksplorowały	eksplorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksplorowałyście	eksplorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksplorowałyśmy	eksplorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksplorowana	eksplorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaną	eksplorować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorowane	eksplorować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowane	eksplorować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanego	eksplorować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanego	eksplorować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanej	eksplorować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanemu	eksplorować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaniach	eksplorować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowania	eksplorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowania	eksplorować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaniami	eksplorować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanie	eksplorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowani	eksplorować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaniem	eksplorować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaniom	eksplorować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowaniu	eksplorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowano	eksplorować	imps:imperf		
eksplorowanych	eksplorować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanych	eksplorować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowany	eksplorować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowany	eksplorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanym	eksplorować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanym	eksplorować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorowanymi	eksplorować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorowań	eksplorować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorująca	eksplorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorującą	eksplorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorujące	eksplorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorujące	eksplorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorującego	eksplorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksplorującego	eksplorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorującej	eksplorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksplorując	eksplorować	pcon:imperf		
eksplorującemu	eksplorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorująco	eksplorować	pacta		
eksplorujących	eksplorować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplorujących	eksplorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorujący	eksplorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksplorujący	eksplorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksplorujący	eksplorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksplorującym	eksplorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorującym	eksplorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksplorującymi	eksplorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksplorują	eksplorować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksplorujcie	eksplorować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksplorujecie	eksplorować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksploruje	eksplorować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksploruj	eksplorować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksplorujemy	eksplorować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksplorujesz	eksplorować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksploruję	eksplorować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksplorujmy	eksplorować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eksplozjach	eksplozja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozja	eksplozja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozjami	eksplozja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozją	eksplozja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozje	eksplozja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozje	eksplozja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozje	eksplozja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozję	eksplozja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozji	eksplozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksplozji	eksplozja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozji	eksplozja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozji	eksplozja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozjo	eksplozja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozjom	eksplozja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyj	eksplozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksplozyjnościach	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjnościami	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjnością	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjności	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjnościom	eksplozyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjność	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjność	eksplozyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozyjna	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksplozyjną	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksplozyjną	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksplozyjne	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozyjne	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozyjne	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjne	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjnego	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksplozyjnego	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjnej	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksplozyjnej	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksplozyjnej	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksplozyjnemu	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjni	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplozyjno	eksplozyjny	adja		
eksplozyjnych	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplozyjnych	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozyjnych	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozyjny	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksplozyjny	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksplozyjnym	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozyjnym	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjnym	eksplozyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozyjnymi	eksplozyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywnie	eksplozywnie	adv:pos		
eksplozywnościach	eksplozywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywnościami	eksplozywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywnością	eksplozywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywności	eksplozywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywnościom	eksplozywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywność	eksplozywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywność	eksplozywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksplozywna	eksplozywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksplozywną	eksplozywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksplozywną	eksplozywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksplozywne	eksplozywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywne	eksplozywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywne	eksplozywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywne	eksplozywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywnego	eksplozywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksplozywnego	eksplozywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywnej	eksplozywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksplozywnej	eksplozywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksplozywnej	eksplozywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksplozywnemu	eksplozywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywni	eksplozywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplozywno	eksplozywny	adja		
eksplozywnych	eksplozywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksplozywnych	eksplozywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywnych	eksplozywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywny	eksplozywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksplozywny	eksplozywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksplozywnym	eksplozywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksplozywnym	eksplozywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywnym	eksplozywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksplozywnymi	eksplozywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksponacie	eksponat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponacie	eksponat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatach	eksponat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatami	eksponat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponat	eksponat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponat	eksponat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatem	eksponat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatom	eksponat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatowi	eksponat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatów	eksponat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponatu	eksponat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponaty	eksponat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponaty	eksponat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponaty	eksponat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponencie	eksponent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponencie	eksponent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenci	eksponent	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenci	eksponent	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentach	eksponent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenta	eksponent	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenta	eksponent	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentami	eksponent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponent	eksponent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentem	eksponent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentom	eksponent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentowi	eksponent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentów	eksponent	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponentów	eksponent	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenty	eksponent	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksponenty	eksponent	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrach	eksponometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrami	eksponometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometr	eksponometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometr	eksponometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrem	eksponometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrom	eksponometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrowi	eksponometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrów	eksponometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometru	eksponometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometry	eksponometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometry	eksponometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometry	eksponometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrze	eksponometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponometrze	eksponometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksponować	eksponować	inf:imperf		
eksponowaliby	eksponować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksponowalibyście	eksponować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksponowalibyśmy	eksponować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksponowali	eksponować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksponowali	eksponować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksponowaliście	eksponować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksponowaliśmy	eksponować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksponowałaby	eksponować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksponowałabym	eksponować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksponowałabyś	eksponować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksponowała	eksponować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksponowała	eksponować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksponowałam	eksponować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksponowałaś	eksponować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksponowałby	eksponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksponowałbym	eksponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksponowałbyś	eksponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksponował	eksponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksponował	eksponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksponowałem	eksponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksponowałeś	eksponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksponowałoby	eksponować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksponowałobym	eksponować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksponowałobyś	eksponować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksponowało	eksponować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksponowało	eksponować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksponowałom	eksponować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksponowałoś	eksponować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksponowałyby	eksponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksponowałybyście	eksponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksponowałybyśmy	eksponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksponowały	eksponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksponowały	eksponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksponowałyście	eksponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksponowałyśmy	eksponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksponowana	eksponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksponowaną	eksponować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksponowane	eksponować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponowane	eksponować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowanego	eksponować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksponowanego	eksponować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowanej	eksponować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksponowanemu	eksponować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowaniach	eksponować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowania	eksponować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowania	eksponować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowaniami	eksponować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowanie	eksponować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowani	eksponować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksponowaniem	eksponować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowaniom	eksponować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowaniu	eksponować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowano	eksponować	imps:imperf		
eksponowanych	eksponować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksponowanych	eksponować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponowany	eksponować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksponowany	eksponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksponowanym	eksponować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponowanym	eksponować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponowanymi	eksponować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponowań	eksponować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksponująca	eksponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksponującą	eksponować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksponujące	eksponować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponujące	eksponować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponującego	eksponować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksponującego	eksponować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponującej	eksponować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksponując	eksponować	pcon:imperf		
eksponującemu	eksponować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponująco	eksponować	pacta		
eksponujących	eksponować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksponujących	eksponować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponujący	eksponować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksponujący	eksponować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksponujący	eksponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksponującym	eksponować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponującym	eksponować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksponującymi	eksponować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksponują	eksponować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksponujcie	eksponować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksponujecie	eksponować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksponuje	eksponować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksponuj	eksponować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksponujemy	eksponować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksponujesz	eksponować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksponuję	eksponować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksponujmy	eksponować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eksponowanościach	eksponowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowanościami	eksponowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowanością	eksponowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaności	eksponowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowanościom	eksponowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaność	eksponowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowaność	eksponowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksponowana	eksponowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksponowaną	eksponowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksponowaną	eksponowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksponowane	eksponowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksponowane	eksponowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksponowane	eksponowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksponowane	eksponowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksponowanego	eksponowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksponowanego	eksponowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksponowanej	eksponowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksponowanej	eksponowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksponowanej	eksponowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksponowanemu	eksponowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksponowani	eksponowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksponowano	eksponowany	adja		
eksponowanych	eksponowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksponowanych	eksponowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksponowanych	eksponowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksponowany	eksponowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksponowany	eksponowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksponowanym	eksponowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksponowanym	eksponowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksponowanym	eksponowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksponowanymi	eksponowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksporcie	eksport	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksporcie	eksport	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportach	eksport	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportami	eksport	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksport	eksport	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksport	eksport	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportem	eksport	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportom	eksport	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowi	eksport	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportów	eksport	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksportu	eksport	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksport	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksport	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksport	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksporcie	eksporta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporcie	eksporta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportach	eksporta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporta	eksporta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportami	eksporta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportą	eksporta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksport	eksporta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportę	eksporta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporto	eksporta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportom	eksporta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksporta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksporta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksporta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksporty	eksporta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacjach	eksportacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacja	eksportacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacjami	eksportacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacją	eksportacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacje	eksportacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacje	eksportacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacje	eksportacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportację	eksportacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacji	eksportacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksportacji	eksportacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacji	eksportacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacji	eksportacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacjo	eksportacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacjom	eksportacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportacyj	eksportacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksporterach	eksporter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksportera	eksporter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksportera	eksporter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterami	eksporter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporter	eksporter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterem	eksporter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterom	eksporter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterowi	eksporter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterów	eksporter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterów	eksporter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksportery	eksporter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksportery	eksporter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterze	eksporter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterze	eksporter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterzy	eksporter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksporterzy	eksporter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksportować	eksportować	inf:imperf.perf		
eksportowaliby	eksportować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowalibyście	eksportować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowalibyśmy	eksportować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowali	eksportować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
eksportowali	eksportować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowaliście	eksportować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowaliśmy	eksportować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałaby	eksportować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałabym	eksportować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałabyś	eksportować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowała	eksportować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
eksportowała	eksportować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałam	eksportować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałaś	eksportować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowałby	eksportować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałbym	eksportować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałbyś	eksportować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportował	eksportować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
eksportował	eksportować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałem	eksportować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałeś	eksportować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowałoby	eksportować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałobym	eksportować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałobyś	eksportować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowało	eksportować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
eksportowało	eksportować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałom	eksportować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowałoś	eksportować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowałyby	eksportować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałybyście	eksportować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowałybyśmy	eksportować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowały	eksportować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
eksportowały	eksportować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportowałyście	eksportować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportowałyśmy	eksportować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowana	eksportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaną	eksportować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowane	eksportować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowane	eksportować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanego	eksportować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanego	eksportować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanej	eksportować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanemu	eksportować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaniach	eksportować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowania	eksportować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowania	eksportować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaniami	eksportować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanie	eksportować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowani	eksportować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaniem	eksportować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaniom	eksportować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowaniu	eksportować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowano	eksportować	imps:imperf.perf		
eksportowanych	eksportować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanych	eksportować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowany	eksportować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowany	eksportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanym	eksportować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanym	eksportować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowanymi	eksportować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowań	eksportować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksportowawszy	eksportować	pant:perf		
eksportująca	eksportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksportującą	eksportować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksportujące	eksportować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksportujące	eksportować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksportującego	eksportować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksportującego	eksportować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksportującej	eksportować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksportując	eksportować	pcon:imperf		
eksportującemu	eksportować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksportująco	eksportować	pacta		
eksportujących	eksportować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksportujących	eksportować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksportujący	eksportować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksportujący	eksportować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksportujący	eksportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksportującym	eksportować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksportującym	eksportować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksportującymi	eksportować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksportują	eksportować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportujcie	eksportować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportujecie	eksportować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportuje	eksportować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
eksportuj	eksportować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportujemy	eksportować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportujesz	eksportować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksportuję	eksportować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportujmy	eksportować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksportowo	eksportowo	adv:pos		
eksportowościach	eksportowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowościami	eksportowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowością	eksportowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowości	eksportowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowościom	eksportowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowość	eksportowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowość	eksportowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksportowa	eksportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksportową	eksportowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksportową	eksportowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksportowe	eksportowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksportowe	eksportowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksportowe	eksportowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksportowe	eksportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksportowego	eksportowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksportowego	eksportowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksportowej	eksportowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksportowej	eksportowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksportowej	eksportowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksportowemu	eksportowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksportowi	eksportowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksportowo	eksportowy	adja		
eksportowych	eksportowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksportowych	eksportowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksportowych	eksportowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksportowy	eksportowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksportowy	eksportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksportowym	eksportowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksportowym	eksportowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksportowym	eksportowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksportowymi	eksportowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksposesjach	eksposesja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesja	eksposesja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesjami	eksposesja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesją	eksposesja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesje	eksposesja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesje	eksposesja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesje	eksposesja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesję	eksposesja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesji	eksposesja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
eksposesji	eksposesja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesji	eksposesja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesji	eksposesja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesjo	eksposesja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesjom	eksposesja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksposesyj	eksposesja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
eksposesjonować	eksposesjonować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowaliby	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowalibyście	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowalibyśmy	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowali	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowali	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowaliście	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowaliśmy	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałaby	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałabym	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałabyś	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowała	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowała	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałam	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałaś	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałby	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałbym	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałbyś	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonował	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonował	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałem	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałeś	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałoby	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałobym	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałobyś	eksposesjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowało	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowało	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałom	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałoś	eksposesjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałyby	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałybyście	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałybyśmy	eksposesjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowały	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowały	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałyście	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowałyśmy	eksposesjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowana	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaną	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowane	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowane	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanego	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanego	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanej	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanemu	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaniach	eksposesjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowania	eksposesjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowania	eksposesjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaniami	eksposesjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanie	eksposesjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowani	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaniem	eksposesjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaniom	eksposesjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowaniu	eksposesjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowano	eksposesjonować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonowanych	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanych	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowany	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowany	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanym	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanym	eksposesjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowanymi	eksposesjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowań	eksposesjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksposesjonowawszy	eksposesjonować	pant:perf		daw.
eksposesjonująca	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującą	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujące	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujące	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującego	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującego	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującej	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonując	eksposesjonować	pcon:imperf		daw.
eksposesjonującemu	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonująco	eksposesjonować	pacta		
eksposesjonujących	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujących	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujący	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujący	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonujący	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującym	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującym	eksposesjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonującymi	eksposesjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksposesjonują	eksposesjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonujcie	eksposesjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonujecie	eksposesjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonuje	eksposesjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonuj	eksposesjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonujemy	eksposesjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonujesz	eksposesjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonuję	eksposesjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eksposesjonujmy	eksposesjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
ekspozycjach	ekspozycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycja	ekspozycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycjami	ekspozycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycją	ekspozycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycje	ekspozycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycje	ekspozycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycje	ekspozycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycję	ekspozycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycji	ekspozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspozycji	ekspozycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycji	ekspozycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycji	ekspozycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycjo	ekspozycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycjom	ekspozycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyj	ekspozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspozycyjce	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjce	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjek	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjkach	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjka	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjkami	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjką	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjkę	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjki	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjki	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjki	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjki	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjko	ekspozycyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjkom	ekspozycyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjnie	ekspozycyjnie	adv:pos		
ekspozycyjnościach	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjnościami	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjnością	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjności	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjnościom	ekspozycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjność	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjność	ekspozycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozycyjna	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspozycyjną	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspozycyjną	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspozycyjne	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozycyjne	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozycyjne	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjne	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjnego	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspozycyjnego	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjnej	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspozycyjnej	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspozycyjnej	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspozycyjnemu	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjni	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspozycyjno	ekspozycyjny	adja		
ekspozycyjnych	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspozycyjnych	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozycyjnych	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozycyjny	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspozycyjny	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspozycyjnym	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozycyjnym	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjnym	ekspozycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspozycyjnymi	ekspozycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspozyturach	ekspozytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytura	ekspozytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturami	ekspozytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturą	ekspozytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytur	ekspozytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturę	ekspozytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturo	ekspozytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturom	ekspozytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytury	ekspozytura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytury	ekspozytura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytury	ekspozytura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozytury	ekspozytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturze	ekspozytura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspozyturze	ekspozytura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacjach	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacja	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacjami	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacją	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacje	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacje	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacje	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriację	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacji	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspratriacji	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacji	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacji	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacjo	ekspratriacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacjom	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspratriacyj	ekspratriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspresjach	ekspresja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresja	ekspresja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjami	ekspresja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresją	ekspresja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresje	ekspresja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresje	ekspresja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresje	ekspresja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresję	ekspresja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresji	ekspresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspresji	ekspresja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresji	ekspresja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresji	ekspresja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjo	ekspresja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjom	ekspresja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyj	ekspresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspresjonistach	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonista	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistami	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistą	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistę	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonisto	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistom	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistów	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistów	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonisty	ekspresjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonisty	ekspresjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonisty	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjoniście	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjoniście	ekspresjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjoniści	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjoniści	ekspresjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistce	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistce	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistek	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistkach	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistka	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistkami	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistką	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistkę	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistki	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistki	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistki	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistki	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistko	ekspresjonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistkom	ekspresjonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistycznie	ekspresjonistycznie	adv:pos		
ekspresjonistycznościach	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistycznościami	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistycznością	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczności	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistycznościom	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczność	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczność	ekspresjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonistyczna	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspresjonistyczną	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspresjonistyczną	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspresjonistyczne	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonistyczne	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonistyczne	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistyczne	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistycznego	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspresjonistycznego	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistycznej	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspresjonistycznej	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspresjonistycznej	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspresjonistycznemu	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistyczni	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresjonistyczno	ekspresjonistyczny	adja		
ekspresjonistycznych	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresjonistycznych	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonistycznych	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonistyczny	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspresjonistyczny	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspresjonistycznym	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonistycznym	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistycznym	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresjonistycznymi	ekspresjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresjonizmach	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmami	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizm	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizm	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmem	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmie	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmie	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmom	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmowi	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmów	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmu	ekspresjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmy	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmy	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresjonizmy	ekspresjonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowo	ekspresowo	adv:pos		
ekspresowościach	ekspresowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowościami	ekspresowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowością	ekspresowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowości	ekspresowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowościom	ekspresowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowość	ekspresowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowość	ekspresowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowa	ekspresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspresową	ekspresowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspresową	ekspresowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspresowe	ekspresowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresowe	ekspresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresowe	ekspresowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowe	ekspresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowego	ekspresowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspresowego	ekspresowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowej	ekspresowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspresowej	ekspresowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspresowej	ekspresowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspresowemu	ekspresowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowi	ekspresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresowo	ekspresowy	adja		
ekspresowych	ekspresowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresowych	ekspresowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresowych	ekspresowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresowy	ekspresowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspresowy	ekspresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspresowym	ekspresowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresowym	ekspresowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowym	ekspresowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresowymi	ekspresowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresówce	ekspresówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówce	ekspresówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówek	ekspresówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówkach	ekspresówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówka	ekspresówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówkami	ekspresówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówką	ekspresówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówkę	ekspresówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówki	ekspresówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówki	ekspresówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówki	ekspresówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówki	ekspresówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówko	ekspresówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresówkom	ekspresówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresach	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresami	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspres	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspres	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresem	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresie	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresie	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresom	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowi	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresów	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresu	ekspres:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresy	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresy	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresy	ekspres:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresach	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresa	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresa	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresami	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspres	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresem	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresie	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresie	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresi	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresi	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresom	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresowi	ekspres:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresów	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresów	ekspres:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresy	ekspres:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresy	ekspres:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjnie	ekspresyjnie	adv:pos		
ekspresyjnościach	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjnościami	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjnością	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjności	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjnościom	ekspresyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjność	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjność	ekspresyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresyjna	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspresyjną	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspresyjną	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspresyjne	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresyjne	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresyjne	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjne	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjnego	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspresyjnego	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjnej	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspresyjnej	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspresyjnej	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspresyjnemu	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjni	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresyjno	ekspresyjny	adja		
ekspresyjnych	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresyjnych	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresyjnych	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresyjny	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspresyjny	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspresyjnym	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresyjnym	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjnym	ekspresyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresyjnymi	ekspresyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywizmach	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmami	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizm	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizm	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmem	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmie	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmie	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmom	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmowi	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmów	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmu	ekspresywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmy	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmy	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywizmy	ekspresywizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywnie	ekspresywnie	adv:pos		
ekspresywnościach	ekspresywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywnościami	ekspresywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywnością	ekspresywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywności	ekspresywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywnościom	ekspresywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywność	ekspresywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywność	ekspresywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspresywna	ekspresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspresywną	ekspresywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspresywną	ekspresywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspresywne	ekspresywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywne	ekspresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywne	ekspresywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywne	ekspresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywnego	ekspresywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspresywnego	ekspresywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywnej	ekspresywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspresywnej	ekspresywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspresywnej	ekspresywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspresywnemu	ekspresywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywni	ekspresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresywno	ekspresywny	adja		
ekspresywnych	ekspresywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspresywnych	ekspresywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywnych	ekspresywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywny	ekspresywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspresywny	ekspresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspresywnym	ekspresywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspresywnym	ekspresywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywnym	ekspresywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspresywnymi	ekspresywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacjach	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacja	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacjami	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacją	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacje	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacje	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacje	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriację	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacji	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekspropriacji	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacji	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacji	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacjo	ekspropriacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacjom	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyj	ekspropriacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekspropriacyjnościach	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjnościami	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjnością	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjności	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjnościom	ekspropriacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjność	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjność	ekspropriacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekspropriacyjna	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjną	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjną	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjne	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacyjne	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacyjne	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjne	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjnego	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekspropriacyjnego	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjnej	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjnej	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjnej	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekspropriacyjnemu	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjni	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspropriacyjno	ekspropriacyjny	adja		
ekspropriacyjnych	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekspropriacyjnych	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacyjnych	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacyjny	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekspropriacyjny	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekspropriacyjnym	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspropriacyjnym	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjnym	ekspropriacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekspropriacyjnymi	ekspropriacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekspulsjach	ekspulsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsja	ekspulsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsjami	ekspulsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsją	ekspulsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsje	ekspulsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsje	ekspulsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsje	ekspulsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsję	ekspulsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsji	ekspulsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ekspulsji	ekspulsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsji	ekspulsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsji	ekspulsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsjo	ekspulsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsjom	ekspulsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekspulsyj	ekspulsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ekspulsować	ekspulsować	inf:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowaliby	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowalibyście	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowalibyśmy	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowali	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowali	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowaliście	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowaliśmy	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałaby	ekspulsować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałabym	ekspulsować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałabyś	ekspulsować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowała	ekspulsować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowała	ekspulsować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałam	ekspulsować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałaś	ekspulsować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałby	ekspulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałbym	ekspulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałbyś	ekspulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsował	ekspulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ekspulsował	ekspulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałem	ekspulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałeś	ekspulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałoby	ekspulsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałobym	ekspulsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałobyś	ekspulsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowało	ekspulsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowało	ekspulsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałom	ekspulsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałoś	ekspulsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałyby	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałybyście	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałybyśmy	ekspulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowały	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowały	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałyście	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowałyśmy	ekspulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowana	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaną	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowane	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowane	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanego	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanego	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanej	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanemu	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaniach	ekspulsować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowania	ekspulsować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowania	ekspulsować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaniami	ekspulsować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanie	ekspulsować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowani	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaniem	ekspulsować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaniom	ekspulsować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowaniu	ekspulsować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowano	ekspulsować	imps:imperf		daw.
ekspulsowanych	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanych	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowany	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowany	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanym	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanym	ekspulsować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowanymi	ekspulsować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsowań	ekspulsować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsująca	ekspulsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującą	ekspulsować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujące	ekspulsować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujące	ekspulsować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującego	ekspulsować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującego	ekspulsować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującej	ekspulsować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekspulsując	ekspulsować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekspulsującemu	ekspulsować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsująco	ekspulsować	pacta		
ekspulsujących	ekspulsować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujących	ekspulsować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujący	ekspulsować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujący	ekspulsować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsujący	ekspulsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującym	ekspulsować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującym	ekspulsować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekspulsującymi	ekspulsować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekspulsują	ekspulsować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsujcie	ekspulsować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsujecie	ekspulsować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsuje	ekspulsować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ekspulsuj	ekspulsować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsujemy	ekspulsować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsujesz	ekspulsować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekspulsuję	ekspulsować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ekspulsujmy	ekspulsować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
eksach	eks:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksa	eks:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksa	eks:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksami	eks:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksem	eks:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksie	eks:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksie	eks:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksom	eks:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksowie	eks:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksowie	eks:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksowi	eks:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksów	eks:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksów	eks:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksy	eks:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksy	eks:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eks	eks:s2	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstabulacjach	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacja	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacjami	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacją	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacje	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacje	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacje	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulację	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacji	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ekstabulacji	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacji	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacji	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacjo	ekstabulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacjom	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstabulacyj	ekstabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ekstabulować	ekstabulować	inf:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowaliby	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowalibyście	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowalibyśmy	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowali	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowali	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowaliście	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowaliśmy	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałaby	ekstabulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałabym	ekstabulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałabyś	ekstabulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowała	ekstabulować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowała	ekstabulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałam	ekstabulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałaś	ekstabulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałby	ekstabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałbym	ekstabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałbyś	ekstabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulował	ekstabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ekstabulował	ekstabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałem	ekstabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałeś	ekstabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałoby	ekstabulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałobym	ekstabulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałobyś	ekstabulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowało	ekstabulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowało	ekstabulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałom	ekstabulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałoś	ekstabulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałyby	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałybyście	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałybyśmy	ekstabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowały	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowały	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałyście	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowałyśmy	ekstabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowana	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaną	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowane	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowane	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanego	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanego	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanej	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanemu	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaniach	ekstabulować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowania	ekstabulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowania	ekstabulować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaniami	ekstabulować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanie	ekstabulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowani	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaniem	ekstabulować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaniom	ekstabulować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowaniu	ekstabulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowano	ekstabulować	imps:imperf		daw.
ekstabulowanych	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanych	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowany	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowany	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanym	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanym	ekstabulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowanymi	ekstabulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulowań	ekstabulować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulująca	ekstabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującą	ekstabulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujące	ekstabulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujące	ekstabulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującego	ekstabulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującego	ekstabulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującej	ekstabulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstabulując	ekstabulować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekstabulującemu	ekstabulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulująco	ekstabulować	pacta		
ekstabulujących	ekstabulować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujących	ekstabulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujący	ekstabulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujący	ekstabulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulujący	ekstabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującym	ekstabulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującym	ekstabulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstabulującymi	ekstabulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstabulują	ekstabulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabulujcie	ekstabulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulujecie	ekstabulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabuluje	ekstabulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstabuluj	ekstabulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabulujemy	ekstabulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulujesz	ekstabulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstabuluję	ekstabulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstabulujmy	ekstabulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstatyczce	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczce	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczek	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczkach	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczka	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczkami	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczką	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczkę	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczki	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczki	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczki	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczki	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczko	ekstatyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczkom	ekstatyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatycznie	ekstatycznie	adv:pos		
ekstatyczniej	ekstatycznie	adv:com		
ekstatycznościach	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatycznościami	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatycznością	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczności	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatycznościom	ekstatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczność	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczność	ekstatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyczna	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstatyczną	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstatyczną	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstatyczne	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatyczne	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatyczne	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstatyczne	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstatycznego	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstatycznego	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstatycznej	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstatycznej	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstatycznej	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstatycznemu	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstatyczni	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstatyczno	ekstatyczny	adja		
ekstatycznych	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstatycznych	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatycznych	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatyczny	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstatyczny	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstatycznym	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatycznym	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstatycznym	ekstatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstatycznymi	ekstatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstatycy	ekstatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatycy	ekstatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykach	ekstatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyka	ekstatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyka	ekstatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykami	ekstatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyk	ekstatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykiem	ekstatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykom	ekstatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykowi	ekstatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyków	ekstatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyków	ekstatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyku	ekstatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyku	ekstatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyce	ekstatyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyce	ekstatyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykach	ekstatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyka	ekstatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykami	ekstatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyką	ekstatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyk	ekstatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykę	ekstatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyki	ekstatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyko	ekstatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatykom	ekstatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmach	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmami	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzm	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzm	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmem	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmie	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmie	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmom	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmowi	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmów	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmu	ekstatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmy	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmy	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstatyzmy	ekstatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazach	ekstaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstaza	ekstaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazami	ekstaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazą	ekstaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstaz	ekstaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazę	ekstaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazie	ekstaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazie	ekstaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazo	ekstaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazom	ekstaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazy	ekstaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazy	ekstaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazy	ekstaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazy	ekstaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstazjach	ekstazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazja	ekstazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazjami	ekstazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazją	ekstazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazje	ekstazja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazje	ekstazja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazje	ekstazja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazję	ekstazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazji	ekstazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ekstazji	ekstazja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazji	ekstazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazji	ekstazja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazjo	ekstazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazjom	ekstazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyj	ekstazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ekstazjować	ekstazjować	inf:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowaliby	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowalibyście	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowalibyśmy	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowali	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowali	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowaliście	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowaliśmy	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałaby	ekstazjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałabym	ekstazjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałabyś	ekstazjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowała	ekstazjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowała	ekstazjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałam	ekstazjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałaś	ekstazjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałby	ekstazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałbym	ekstazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałbyś	ekstazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjował	ekstazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ekstazjował	ekstazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałem	ekstazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałeś	ekstazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałoby	ekstazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałobym	ekstazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałobyś	ekstazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowało	ekstazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowało	ekstazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałom	ekstazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałoś	ekstazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałyby	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałybyście	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałybyśmy	ekstazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowały	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowały	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałyście	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowałyśmy	ekstazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowana	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaną	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowane	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowane	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanego	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanego	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanej	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanemu	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaniach	ekstazjować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowania	ekstazjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowania	ekstazjować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaniami	ekstazjować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanie	ekstazjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowani	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaniem	ekstazjować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaniom	ekstazjować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowaniu	ekstazjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowano	ekstazjować	imps:imperf		daw.
ekstazjowanych	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanych	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowany	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowany	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanym	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanym	ekstazjować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowanymi	ekstazjować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjowań	ekstazjować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjująca	ekstazjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującą	ekstazjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujące	ekstazjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujące	ekstazjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującego	ekstazjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującego	ekstazjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującej	ekstazjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstazjując	ekstazjować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ekstazjującemu	ekstazjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjująco	ekstazjować	pacta		
ekstazjujących	ekstazjować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujących	ekstazjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujący	ekstazjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujący	ekstazjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjujący	ekstazjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującym	ekstazjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującym	ekstazjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstazjującymi	ekstazjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstazjują	ekstazjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjujcie	ekstazjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjujecie	ekstazjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjuje	ekstazjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ekstazjuj	ekstazjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjujemy	ekstazjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjujesz	ekstazjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ekstazjuję	ekstazjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazjujmy	ekstazjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ekstazyjnościach	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjnościami	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjnością	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjności	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjnościom	ekstazyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjność	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjność	ekstazyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstazyjna	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjną	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjną	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjne	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjne	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjne	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjne	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnego	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnego	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnej	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnej	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnej	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnemu	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjni	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekstazyjno	ekstazyjny	adja		daw.
ekstazyjnych	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnych	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnych	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjny	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjny	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnym	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnym	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnym	ekstazyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstazyjnymi	ekstazyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporale	ekstemporale	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporaliach	ekstemporale	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporalia	ekstemporale	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporalia	ekstemporale	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporalia	ekstemporale	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporaliami	ekstemporale	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporaliom	ekstemporale	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstemporaliów	ekstemporale	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderach	ekstender	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstendera	ekstender	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderami	ekstender	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstender	ekstender	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstender	ekstender	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderem	ekstender	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderom	ekstender	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderowi	ekstender	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderów	ekstender	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstendery	ekstender	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstendery	ekstender	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstendery	ekstender	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderze	ekstender	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstenderze	ekstender	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjach	ekstensja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensja	ekstensja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjami	ekstensja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensją	ekstensja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensje	ekstensja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensje	ekstensja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensje	ekstensja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensję	ekstensja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensji	ekstensja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstensji	ekstensja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensji	ekstensja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensji	ekstensja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjo	ekstensja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjom	ekstensja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyj	ekstensja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstensjonalnościach	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalnościami	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalnością	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalności	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalnościom	ekstensjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalność	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalność	ekstensjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensjonalna	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstensjonalną	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstensjonalną	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstensjonalne	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensjonalne	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensjonalne	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalne	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalnego	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstensjonalnego	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalnej	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstensjonalnej	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstensjonalnej	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstensjonalnemu	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalni	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstensjonalno	ekstensjonalny	adja		
ekstensjonalnych	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstensjonalnych	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensjonalnych	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensjonalny	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstensjonalny	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstensjonalnym	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensjonalnym	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalnym	ekstensjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensjonalnymi	ekstensjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensorach	ekstensor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensora	ekstensor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorami	ekstensor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensor	ekstensor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensor	ekstensor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorem	ekstensor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorom	ekstensor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorowi	ekstensor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorów	ekstensor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensory	ekstensor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensory	ekstensor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensory	ekstensor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorze	ekstensor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensorze	ekstensor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacjach	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacja	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacjami	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacją	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacje	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacje	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacje	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikację	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacji	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstensyfikacji	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacji	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacji	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacjo	ekstensyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacjom	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensyfikacyj	ekstensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstensywnie	ekstensywnie	adv:pos		
ekstensywnościach	ekstensywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywnościami	ekstensywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywnością	ekstensywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywności	ekstensywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywnościom	ekstensywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywność	ekstensywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywność	ekstensywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstensywna	ekstensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstensywną	ekstensywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstensywną	ekstensywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstensywne	ekstensywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensywne	ekstensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensywne	ekstensywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywne	ekstensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywnego	ekstensywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstensywnego	ekstensywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywnej	ekstensywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstensywnej	ekstensywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstensywnej	ekstensywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstensywnemu	ekstensywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywni	ekstensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstensywno	ekstensywny	adja		
ekstensywnych	ekstensywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstensywnych	ekstensywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensywnych	ekstensywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensywny	ekstensywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstensywny	ekstensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstensywnym	ekstensywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstensywnym	ekstensywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywnym	ekstensywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstensywnymi	ekstensywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterierach	eksterier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierami	eksterier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterier	eksterier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterier	eksterier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierem	eksterier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierom	eksterier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierowi	eksterier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierów	eksterier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterieru	eksterier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteriery	eksterier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteriery	eksterier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteriery	eksterier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierze	eksterier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterierze	eksterier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacjach	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacja	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacjami	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacją	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacje	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacje	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacje	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzację	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacji	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksterioryzacji	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacji	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacji	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacjo	eksterioryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacjom	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterioryzacyj	eksterioryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksterioryzować	eksterioryzować	inf:imperf		
eksterioryzowaliby	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowalibyście	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowalibyśmy	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowali	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eksterioryzowali	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowaliście	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowaliśmy	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałaby	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałabym	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałabyś	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowała	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eksterioryzowała	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałam	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałaś	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowałby	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałbym	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałbyś	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzował	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eksterioryzował	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałem	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałeś	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowałoby	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałobym	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałobyś	eksterioryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowało	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eksterioryzowało	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałom	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowałoś	eksterioryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowałyby	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałybyście	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowałybyśmy	eksterioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowały	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eksterioryzowały	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzowałyście	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzowałyśmy	eksterioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzowana	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaną	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowane	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowane	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanego	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanego	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanej	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanemu	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaniach	eksterioryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowania	eksterioryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowania	eksterioryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaniami	eksterioryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanie	eksterioryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowani	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaniem	eksterioryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaniom	eksterioryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowaniu	eksterioryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowano	eksterioryzować	imps:imperf		
eksterioryzowanych	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanych	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowany	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowany	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanym	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanym	eksterioryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowanymi	eksterioryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzowań	eksterioryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzująca	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującą	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujące	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujące	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującego	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującego	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującej	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzując	eksterioryzować	pcon:imperf		
eksterioryzującemu	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzująco	eksterioryzować	pacta		
eksterioryzujących	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujących	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujący	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujący	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzujący	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującym	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującym	eksterioryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzującymi	eksterioryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterioryzują	eksterioryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzujcie	eksterioryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzujecie	eksterioryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzuje	eksterioryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eksterioryzuj	eksterioryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzujemy	eksterioryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzujesz	eksterioryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eksterioryzuję	eksterioryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eksterioryzujmy	eksterioryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eksterminacjach	eksterminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacja	eksterminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacjami	eksterminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacją	eksterminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacje	eksterminacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacje	eksterminacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacje	eksterminacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminację	eksterminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacji	eksterminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksterminacji	eksterminacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacji	eksterminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacji	eksterminacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacjo	eksterminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacjom	eksterminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyj	eksterminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksterminacyjnościach	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjnościami	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjnością	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjności	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjnościom	eksterminacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjność	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjność	eksterminacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminacyjna	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksterminacyjną	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksterminacyjną	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksterminacyjne	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminacyjne	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminacyjne	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjne	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjnego	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksterminacyjnego	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjnej	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksterminacyjnej	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksterminacyjnej	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksterminacyjnemu	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjni	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksterminacyjno	eksterminacyjny	adja		
eksterminacyjnych	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksterminacyjnych	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminacyjnych	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminacyjny	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksterminacyjny	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksterminacyjnym	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminacyjnym	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjnym	eksterminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterminacyjnymi	eksterminacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterminatorach	eksterminator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatora	eksterminator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatora	eksterminator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorami	eksterminator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminator	eksterminator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorem	eksterminator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorom	eksterminator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorowi	eksterminator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorów	eksterminator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorów	eksterminator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatory	eksterminator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatory	eksterminator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorze	eksterminator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorze	eksterminator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorzy	eksterminator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminatorzy	eksterminator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterminować	eksterminować	inf:imperf.perf		
eksterminowaliby	eksterminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowalibyście	eksterminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowalibyśmy	eksterminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowali	eksterminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
eksterminowali	eksterminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowaliście	eksterminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowaliśmy	eksterminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałaby	eksterminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałabym	eksterminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałabyś	eksterminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowała	eksterminować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
eksterminowała	eksterminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałam	eksterminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałaś	eksterminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałby	eksterminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałbym	eksterminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałbyś	eksterminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminował	eksterminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
eksterminował	eksterminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałem	eksterminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałeś	eksterminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałoby	eksterminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałobym	eksterminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałobyś	eksterminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowało	eksterminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
eksterminowało	eksterminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałom	eksterminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałoś	eksterminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałyby	eksterminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałybyście	eksterminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałybyśmy	eksterminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowały	eksterminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
eksterminowały	eksterminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałyście	eksterminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminowałyśmy	eksterminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminowana	eksterminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaną	eksterminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowane	eksterminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowane	eksterminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanego	eksterminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanego	eksterminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanej	eksterminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanemu	eksterminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaniach	eksterminować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowania	eksterminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowania	eksterminować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaniami	eksterminować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanie	eksterminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowani	eksterminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaniem	eksterminować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaniom	eksterminować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowaniu	eksterminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowano	eksterminować	imps:imperf.perf		
eksterminowanych	eksterminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanych	eksterminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowany	eksterminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowany	eksterminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanym	eksterminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanym	eksterminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowanymi	eksterminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowań	eksterminować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eksterminowawszy	eksterminować	pant:perf		
eksterminująca	eksterminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterminującą	eksterminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eksterminujące	eksterminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterminujące	eksterminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterminującego	eksterminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eksterminującego	eksterminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterminującej	eksterminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eksterminując	eksterminować	pcon:imperf		
eksterminującemu	eksterminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterminująco	eksterminować	pacta		
eksterminujących	eksterminować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterminujących	eksterminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterminujący	eksterminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eksterminujący	eksterminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eksterminujący	eksterminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eksterminującym	eksterminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterminującym	eksterminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eksterminującymi	eksterminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eksterminują	eksterminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminujcie	eksterminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminujecie	eksterminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminuje	eksterminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
eksterminuj	eksterminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminujemy	eksterminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminujesz	eksterminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eksterminuję	eksterminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
eksterminujmy	eksterminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eksternach	ekstern	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterna	ekstern	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterna	ekstern	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternami	ekstern	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstern	ekstern	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternem	ekstern	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternie	ekstern	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternie	ekstern	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterni	ekstern	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterni	ekstern	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternom	ekstern	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternowi	ekstern	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternów	ekstern	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternów	ekstern	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterny	ekstern	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksterny	ekstern	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksternacie	eksternat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternacie	eksternat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatach	eksternat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatami	eksternat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternat	eksternat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternat	eksternat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatem	eksternat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatom	eksternat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatowi	eksternat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatów	eksternat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternatu	eksternat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternaty	eksternat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternaty	eksternat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternaty	eksternat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eksternistach	eksternista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternista	eksternista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistami	eksternista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistą	eksternista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistę	eksternista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternisto	eksternista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistom	eksternista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistów	eksternista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistów	eksternista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternisty	eksternista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksternisty	eksternista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eksternisty	eksternista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterniście	eksternista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterniście	eksternista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterniści	eksternista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksterniści	eksternista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistycznie	eksternistycznie	adv:pos		
eksternistycznościach	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistycznościami	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistycznością	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczności	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistycznościom	eksternistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczność	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczność	eksternistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksternistyczna	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksternistyczną	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksternistyczną	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksternistyczne	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksternistyczne	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksternistyczne	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksternistyczne	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksternistycznego	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksternistycznego	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksternistycznej	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksternistycznej	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksternistycznej	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksternistycznemu	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksternistyczni	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksternistyczno	eksternistyczny	adja		
eksternistycznych	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksternistycznych	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksternistycznych	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksternistyczny	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksternistyczny	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksternistycznym	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksternistycznym	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksternistycznym	eksternistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksternistycznymi	eksternistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksteroreceptorach	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptora	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorami	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptor	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptor	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorem	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorom	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorowi	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorów	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptory	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptory	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptory	eksteroreceptor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorze	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksteroreceptorze	eksteroreceptor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialnie	eksterytorialnie	adv:pos		
eksterytorialnościach	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialnościami	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialnością	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialności	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialnościom	eksterytorialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialność	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialność	eksterytorialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksterytorialna	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eksterytorialną	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eksterytorialną	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eksterytorialne	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksterytorialne	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eksterytorialne	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialne	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialnego	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eksterytorialnego	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialnej	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eksterytorialnej	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eksterytorialnej	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eksterytorialnemu	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialni	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eksterytorialno	eksterytorialny	adja		
eksterytorialnych	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eksterytorialnych	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterytorialnych	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterytorialny	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eksterytorialny	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eksterytorialnym	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eksterytorialnym	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialnym	eksterytorialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eksterytorialnymi	eksterytorialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstce	ekstka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstce	ekstka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstek	ekstka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstkach	ekstka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstka	ekstka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstkami	ekstka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstką	ekstka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstkę	ekstka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstki	ekstka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstki	ekstka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstki	ekstka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstki	ekstka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstko	ekstka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstkom	ekstka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstra	ekstra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstracugach	ekstracug	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugami	ekstracug	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracug	ekstracug	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracug	ekstracug	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugi	ekstracug	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugi	ekstracug	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugi	ekstracug	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugiem	ekstracug	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugom	ekstracug	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugowi	ekstracug	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugów	ekstracug	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugu	ekstracug	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugu	ekstracug	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstracugu	ekstracug	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekstra	ekstra:d	adv:pos		
ekstradować	ekstradować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekstradowaliby	ekstradować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowalibyście	ekstradować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowalibyśmy	ekstradować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowali	ekstradować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekstradowali	ekstradować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowaliście	ekstradować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowaliśmy	ekstradować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałaby	ekstradować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałabym	ekstradować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałabyś	ekstradować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowała	ekstradować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekstradowała	ekstradować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałam	ekstradować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałaś	ekstradować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałby	ekstradować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałbym	ekstradować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałbyś	ekstradować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradował	ekstradować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekstradował	ekstradować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałem	ekstradować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałeś	ekstradować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałoby	ekstradować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałobym	ekstradować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałobyś	ekstradować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowało	ekstradować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekstradowało	ekstradować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałom	ekstradować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałoś	ekstradować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałyby	ekstradować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałybyście	ekstradować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałybyśmy	ekstradować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowały	ekstradować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekstradowały	ekstradować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałyście	ekstradować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradowałyśmy	ekstradować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradowana	ekstradować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaną	ekstradować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowane	ekstradować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowane	ekstradować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanego	ekstradować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanego	ekstradować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanej	ekstradować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanemu	ekstradować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaniach	ekstradować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowania	ekstradować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowania	ekstradować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaniami	ekstradować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanie	ekstradować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowani	ekstradować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaniem	ekstradować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaniom	ekstradować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowaniu	ekstradować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowano	ekstradować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekstradowanych	ekstradować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanych	ekstradować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowany	ekstradować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowany	ekstradować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanym	ekstradować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanym	ekstradować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowanymi	ekstradować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowań	ekstradować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstradowawszy	ekstradować	pant:perf		
ekstradująca	ekstradować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstradującą	ekstradować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstradujące	ekstradować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstradujące	ekstradować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstradującego	ekstradować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstradującego	ekstradować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstradującej	ekstradować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstradując	ekstradować	pcon:imperf		
ekstradującemu	ekstradować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstradująco	ekstradować	pacta		
ekstradujących	ekstradować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstradujących	ekstradować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstradujący	ekstradować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstradujący	ekstradować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstradujący	ekstradować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstradującym	ekstradować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstradującym	ekstradować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstradującymi	ekstradować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstradują	ekstradować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstradujcie	ekstradować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradujecie	ekstradować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstraduje	ekstradować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstraduj	ekstradować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstradujemy	ekstradować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradujesz	ekstradować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstraduję	ekstradować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradujmy	ekstradować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstradycjach	ekstradycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycja	ekstradycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycjami	ekstradycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycją	ekstradycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycje	ekstradycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycje	ekstradycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycje	ekstradycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycję	ekstradycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycji	ekstradycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstradycji	ekstradycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycji	ekstradycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycji	ekstradycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycjo	ekstradycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycjom	ekstradycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyj	ekstradycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstradycyjnościach	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjnościami	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjnością	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjności	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjnościom	ekstradycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjność	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjność	ekstradycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstradycyjna	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstradycyjną	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstradycyjną	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstradycyjne	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstradycyjne	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstradycyjne	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjne	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjnego	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstradycyjnego	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjnej	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstradycyjnej	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstradycyjnej	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstradycyjnemu	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjni	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstradycyjno	ekstradycyjny	adja		
ekstradycyjnych	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstradycyjnych	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstradycyjnych	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstradycyjny	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstradycyjny	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstradycyjnym	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstradycyjnym	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjnym	ekstradycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstradycyjnymi	ekstradycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktycznościach	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktycznościami	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktycznością	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczności	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktycznościom	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczność	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczność	ekstragalaktyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstragalaktyczna	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstragalaktyczną	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstragalaktyczną	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstragalaktyczne	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktyczne	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktyczne	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktyczne	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktycznego	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstragalaktycznego	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktycznej	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstragalaktycznej	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstragalaktycznej	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstragalaktycznemu	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktyczni	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstragalaktyczno	ekstragalaktyczny	adja		
ekstragalaktycznych	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstragalaktycznych	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktycznych	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktyczny	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstragalaktyczny	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstragalaktycznym	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstragalaktycznym	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktycznym	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstragalaktycznymi	ekstragalaktyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrahować	ekstrahować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowaliby	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowalibyście	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowalibyśmy	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowali	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowali	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowaliście	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowaliśmy	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałaby	ekstrahować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałabym	ekstrahować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałabyś	ekstrahować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowała	ekstrahować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowała	ekstrahować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałam	ekstrahować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałaś	ekstrahować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałby	ekstrahować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałbym	ekstrahować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałbyś	ekstrahować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahował	ekstrahować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekstrahował	ekstrahować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałem	ekstrahować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałeś	ekstrahować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałoby	ekstrahować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałobym	ekstrahować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałobyś	ekstrahować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowało	ekstrahować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowało	ekstrahować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałom	ekstrahować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałoś	ekstrahować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałyby	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałybyście	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałybyśmy	ekstrahować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowały	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowały	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałyście	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowałyśmy	ekstrahować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowana	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaną	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowane	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowane	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanego	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanego	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanej	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanemu	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaniach	ekstrahować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowania	ekstrahować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowania	ekstrahować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaniami	ekstrahować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanie	ekstrahować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowani	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaniem	ekstrahować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaniom	ekstrahować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowaniu	ekstrahować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowano	ekstrahować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekstrahowanych	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanych	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowany	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowany	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanym	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanym	ekstrahować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowanymi	ekstrahować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowań	ekstrahować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrahowawszy	ekstrahować	pant:perf		
ekstrahująca	ekstrahować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującą	ekstrahować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujące	ekstrahować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujące	ekstrahować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującego	ekstrahować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującego	ekstrahować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującej	ekstrahować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrahując	ekstrahować	pcon:imperf		
ekstrahującemu	ekstrahować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrahująco	ekstrahować	pacta		
ekstrahujących	ekstrahować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujących	ekstrahować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujący	ekstrahować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujący	ekstrahować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahujący	ekstrahować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującym	ekstrahować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującym	ekstrahować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrahującymi	ekstrahować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrahują	ekstrahować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahujcie	ekstrahować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahujecie	ekstrahować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahuje	ekstrahować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrahuj	ekstrahować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahujemy	ekstrahować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahujesz	ekstrahować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrahuję	ekstrahować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrahujmy	ekstrahować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrakcjach	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcja	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcjami	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcją	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcje	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcje	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcje	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcję	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcji	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstrakcji	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcji	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcji	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcjo	ekstrakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcjom	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyj	ekstrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstrakcyjnościach	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjnościami	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjnością	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjności	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjnościom	ekstrakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjność	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjność	ekstrakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcyjna	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjną	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjną	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjne	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrakcyjne	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrakcyjne	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjne	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjnego	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrakcyjnego	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjnej	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjnej	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjnej	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrakcyjnemu	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjni	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrakcyjno	ekstrakcyjny	adja		
ekstrakcyjnych	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrakcyjnych	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrakcyjnych	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrakcyjny	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrakcyjny	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrakcyjnym	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrakcyjnym	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjnym	ekstrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrakcyjnymi	ekstrakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraklasach	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasa	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasami	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasą	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklas	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasę	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasie	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasie	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklaso	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasom	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasy	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasy	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasy	ekstraklasa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraklasy	ekstraklasa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcie	ekstrakt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakcie	ekstrakt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktach	ekstrakt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktami	ekstrakt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakt	ekstrakt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakt	ekstrakt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktem	ekstrakt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktom	ekstrakt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowi	ekstrakt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktów	ekstrakt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktu	ekstrakt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakty	ekstrakt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakty	ekstrakt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrakty	ekstrakt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacjach	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacja	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacjami	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacją	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacje	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacje	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacje	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktację	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacji	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstraktacji	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacji	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacji	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacjo	ekstraktacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacjom	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktacyj	ekstraktacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstraktorach	ekstraktor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktora	ekstraktor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorami	ekstraktor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktor	ekstraktor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktor	ekstraktor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorem	ekstraktor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorom	ekstraktor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorowi	ekstraktor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorów	ekstraktor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktory	ekstraktor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktory	ekstraktor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktory	ekstraktor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorze	ekstraktor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktorze	ekstraktor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ekstraktowniach	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownia	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowniami	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownią	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownie	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownie	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownie	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowni	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowni	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowni	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowni	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownię	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktownio	ekstraktownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktowniom	ekstraktownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywnościach	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywnościami	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywnością	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywności	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywnościom	ekstraktywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywność	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywność	ekstraktywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraktywna	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstraktywną	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstraktywną	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstraktywne	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraktywne	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraktywne	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywne	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywnego	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstraktywnego	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywnej	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstraktywnej	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstraktywnej	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstraktywnemu	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywni	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstraktywno	ekstraktywny	adja		
ekstraktywnych	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstraktywnych	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraktywnych	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraktywny	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstraktywny	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstraktywnym	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstraktywnym	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywnym	ekstraktywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstraktywnymi	ekstraktywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstralidze	ekstraliga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstralidze	ekstraliga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligach	ekstraliga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraliga	ekstraliga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligami	ekstraliga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligą	ekstraliga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstralig	ekstraliga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligę	ekstraliga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligi	ekstraliga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligi	ekstraliga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligi	ekstraliga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligi	ekstraliga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligo	ekstraliga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraligom	ekstraliga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramecie	ekstrameta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramecie	ekstrameta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrametach	ekstrameta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrameta	ekstrameta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrametami	ekstrameta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrametą	ekstrameta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramet	ekstrameta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrametę	ekstrameta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrameto	ekstrameta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrametom	ekstrameta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramety	ekstrameta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramety	ekstrameta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramety	ekstrameta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstramety	ekstrameta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesnościach	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesnościami	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesnością	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesności	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesnościom	ekstranowoczesność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesność	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesność	ekstranowoczesność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstranowoczesna	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesną	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesną	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesne	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowoczesne	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowoczesne	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesne	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesnego	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstranowoczesnego	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesnej	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesnej	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesnej	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstranowoczesnemu	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesno	ekstranowoczesny	adja		
ekstranowoczesnych	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstranowoczesnych	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowoczesnych	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowoczesny	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstranowoczesny	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstranowoczesnym	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowoczesnym	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesnym	ekstranowoczesny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstranowoczesnymi	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstranowocześni	ekstranowoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstraordynaryjnie	ekstraordynaryjnie	adv:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnościach	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjnościami	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjnością	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjności	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjnościom	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjność	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjność	ekstraordynaryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstraordynaryjna	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjną	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjną	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjne	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjne	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjne	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjne	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnego	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnego	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnej	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnej	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnej	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnemu	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjni	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjno	ekstraordynaryjny	adja		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnych	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnych	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnych	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjny	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjny	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnym	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnym	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnym	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ekstraordynaryjnymi	ekstraordynaryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ekstrapoczcie	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczcie	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztach	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczta	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztami	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztą	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczt	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztę	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczto	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztom	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczty	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczty	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczty	ekstrapoczta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapoczty	ekstrapoczta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ekstrapocztowościach	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowościami	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowością	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowości	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowościom	ekstrapocztowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowość	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowość	ekstrapocztowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapocztowa	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrapocztową	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrapocztową	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrapocztowe	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapocztowe	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapocztowe	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowe	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowego	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrapocztowego	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowej	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrapocztowej	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrapocztowej	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrapocztowemu	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowi	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrapocztowo	ekstrapocztowy	adja		
ekstrapocztowych	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrapocztowych	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapocztowych	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapocztowy	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrapocztowy	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrapocztowym	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapocztowym	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowym	ekstrapocztowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapocztowymi	ekstrapocztowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacjach	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacja	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacjami	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacją	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacje	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacje	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacje	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolację	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacji	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstrapolacji	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacji	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacji	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacjo	ekstrapolacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacjom	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyj	ekstrapolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstrapolacyjnościach	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjnościami	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjnością	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjności	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjnościom	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjność	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjność	ekstrapolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrapolacyjna	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjną	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjną	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjne	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjne	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjne	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjne	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnego	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnego	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnej	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnej	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnej	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnemu	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjni	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrapolacyjno	ekstrapolacyjny	adja		
ekstrapolacyjnych	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnych	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnych	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjny	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjny	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnym	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnym	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnym	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrapolacyjnymi	ekstrapolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrapolować	ekstrapolować	inf:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowaliby	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowalibyście	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowalibyśmy	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowali	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowali	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowaliście	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowaliśmy	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałaby	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałabym	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałabyś	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowała	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowała	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałam	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałaś	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałby	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałbym	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałbyś	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolował	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolował	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałem	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałeś	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałoby	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałobym	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałobyś	ekstrapolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowało	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowało	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałom	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałoś	ekstrapolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałyby	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałybyście	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałybyśmy	ekstrapolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowały	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowały	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałyście	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowałyśmy	ekstrapolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowana	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaną	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowane	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowane	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanego	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanego	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanej	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanemu	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaniach	ekstrapolować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowania	ekstrapolować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowania	ekstrapolować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaniami	ekstrapolować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanie	ekstrapolować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowani	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaniem	ekstrapolować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaniom	ekstrapolować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowaniu	ekstrapolować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowano	ekstrapolować	imps:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolowanych	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanych	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowany	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowany	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanym	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanym	ekstrapolować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowanymi	ekstrapolować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowań	ekstrapolować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstrapolowawszy	ekstrapolować	pant:perf		
ekstrapolująca	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującą	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujące	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujące	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującego	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującego	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującej	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolując	ekstrapolować	pcon:imperf		
ekstrapolującemu	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolująco	ekstrapolować	pacta		
ekstrapolujących	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujących	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujący	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujący	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolujący	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującym	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującym	ekstrapolować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolującymi	ekstrapolować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstrapolują	ekstrapolować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolujcie	ekstrapolować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolujecie	ekstrapolować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapoluje	ekstrapolować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ekstrapoluj	ekstrapolować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolujemy	ekstrapolować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolujesz	ekstrapolować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ekstrapoluję	ekstrapolować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstrapolujmy	ekstrapolować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ekstraspekcjach	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcja	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcjami	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcją	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcje	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcje	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcje	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcję	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcji	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstraspekcji	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcji	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcji	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcjo	ekstraspekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcjom	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstraspekcyj	ekstraspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstrasystolach	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystola	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystola	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystola	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystola	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystolami	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystole	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystole	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystole	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystolem	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystoli	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystolom	ekstrasystole	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystolu	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrasystolu	ekstrasystole	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
ekstrawagancjach	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancja	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancjami	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancją	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancje	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancje	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancje	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancję	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancji	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstrawagancji	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancji	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancji	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancjo	ekstrawagancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancjom	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawagancyj	ekstrawagancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstrawaganccy	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawagancka	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrawagancką	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrawagancką	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrawaganckich	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawaganckich	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawaganckich	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawaganckie	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawaganckie	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawaganckie	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckie	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckiego	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrawaganckiego	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckiej	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrawaganckiej	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrawaganckiej	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrawagancki	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrawagancki	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrawaganckiemu	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckim	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawaganckim	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckim	ekstrawagancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawaganckimi	ekstrawagancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawagancko	ekstrawagancki	adja		
ekstrawagancku	ekstrawagancki	adjp		
ekstrawagancko	ekstrawagancko	adv:pos		
ekstrawaganckościach	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckościami	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckością	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckości	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckościom	ekstrawaganckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckość	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawaganckość	ekstrawaganckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersjach	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersja	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersjami	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersją	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersje	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersje	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersje	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersję	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersji	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstrawersji	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersji	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersji	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersjo	ekstrawersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersjom	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyj	ekstrawersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstrawersyjnościach	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjnościami	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjnością	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjności	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjnościom	ekstrawersyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjność	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjność	ekstrawersyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawersyjna	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjną	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjną	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjne	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawersyjne	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawersyjne	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjne	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjnego	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrawersyjnego	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjnej	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjnej	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjnej	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrawersyjnemu	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjni	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawersyjno	ekstrawersyjny	adja		
ekstrawersyjnych	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawersyjnych	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawersyjnych	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawersyjny	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrawersyjny	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrawersyjnym	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawersyjnym	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjnym	ekstrawersyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawersyjnymi	ekstrawersyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertyczce	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczce	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczek	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczkach	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczka	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczkami	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczką	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczkę	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczki	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczki	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczki	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczki	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczko	ekstrawertyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczkom	ekstrawertyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertycznie	ekstrawertycznie	adv:pos		
ekstrawertycznościach	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertycznościami	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertycznością	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczności	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertycznościom	ekstrawertyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczność	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczność	ekstrawertyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyczna	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrawertyczną	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrawertyczną	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrawertyczne	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertyczne	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertyczne	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertyczne	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertycznego	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrawertycznego	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertycznej	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrawertycznej	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrawertycznej	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrawertycznemu	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertyczni	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawertyczno	ekstrawertyczny	adja		
ekstrawertycznych	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawertycznych	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertycznych	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertyczny	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrawertyczny	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrawertycznym	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertycznym	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertycznym	ekstrawertyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertycznymi	ekstrawertyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertycy	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertycy	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertykach	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyka	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyka	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertykami	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyk	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyki	ekstrawertyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyki	ekstrawertyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertykiem	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertykom	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertykowi	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyków	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyków	ekstrawertyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyku	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyku	ekstrawertyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywnościach	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywnościami	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywnością	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywności	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywnościom	ekstrawertywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywność	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywność	ekstrawertywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertywna	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstrawertywną	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstrawertywną	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstrawertywne	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertywne	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertywne	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywne	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywnego	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstrawertywnego	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywnej	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstrawertywnej	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstrawertywnej	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstrawertywnemu	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywni	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawertywno	ekstrawertywny	adja		
ekstrawertywnych	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstrawertywnych	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertywnych	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertywny	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstrawertywny	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstrawertywnym	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertywnym	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywnym	ekstrawertywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstrawertywnymi	ekstrawertywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstrawertyzmach	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmami	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzm	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzm	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmem	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmie	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmie	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmom	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmowi	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmów	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmu	ekstrawertyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmy	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmy	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrawertyzmy	ekstrawertyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremach	ekstrem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremami	ekstrem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrem	ekstrem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrem	ekstrem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremem	ekstrem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremie	ekstrem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremie	ekstrem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremom	ekstrem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremowi	ekstrem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremów	ekstrem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremu	ekstrem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremach	ekstrema	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrema	ekstrema	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremami	ekstrema	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremą	ekstrema	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrem	ekstrema	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremę	ekstrema	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremie	ekstrema	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremie	ekstrema	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremo	ekstrema	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremom	ekstrema	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrema	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrema	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrema	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremy	ekstrema	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalnie	ekstremalnie	adv:pos		
ekstremalnościach	ekstremalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalnościami	ekstremalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalnością	ekstremalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalności	ekstremalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalnościom	ekstremalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalność	ekstremalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalność	ekstremalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremalna	ekstremalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstremalną	ekstremalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstremalną	ekstremalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstremalne	ekstremalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremalne	ekstremalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremalne	ekstremalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalne	ekstremalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalnego	ekstremalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstremalnego	ekstremalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalnej	ekstremalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstremalnej	ekstremalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstremalnej	ekstremalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstremalnemu	ekstremalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalni	ekstremalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstremalno	ekstremalny	adja		
ekstremalnych	ekstremalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstremalnych	ekstremalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremalnych	ekstremalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremalny	ekstremalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstremalny	ekstremalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstremalnym	ekstremalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremalnym	ekstremalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalnym	ekstremalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremalnymi	ekstremalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistach	ekstremista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremista	ekstremista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistami	ekstremista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistą	ekstremista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistę	ekstremista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremisto	ekstremista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistom	ekstremista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistów	ekstremista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistów	ekstremista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremisty	ekstremista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremisty	ekstremista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremisty	ekstremista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremiście	ekstremista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremiście	ekstremista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremiści	ekstremista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremiści	ekstremista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistce	ekstremistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistce	ekstremistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistek	ekstremistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistkach	ekstremistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistka	ekstremistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistkami	ekstremistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistką	ekstremistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistkę	ekstremistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistki	ekstremistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistki	ekstremistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistki	ekstremistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistki	ekstremistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistko	ekstremistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistkom	ekstremistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistycznościach	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistycznościami	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistycznością	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczności	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistycznościom	ekstremistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczność	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczność	ekstremistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremistyczna	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekstremistyczną	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekstremistyczną	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekstremistyczne	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistyczne	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistyczne	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistyczne	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistycznego	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekstremistycznego	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistycznej	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekstremistycznej	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekstremistycznej	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekstremistycznemu	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistyczni	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstremistyczno	ekstremistyczny	adja		
ekstremistycznych	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekstremistycznych	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistycznych	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistyczny	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekstremistyczny	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekstremistycznym	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremistycznym	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistycznym	ekstremistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekstremistycznymi	ekstremistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekstremizmach	ekstremizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmami	ekstremizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizm	ekstremizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizm	ekstremizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmem	ekstremizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmie	ekstremizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmie	ekstremizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmom	ekstremizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmowi	ekstremizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmów	ekstremizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmu	ekstremizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmy	ekstremizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmy	ekstremizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremizmy	ekstremizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremach	ekstremum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrema	ekstremum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrema	ekstremum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrema	ekstremum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremami	ekstremum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremom	ekstremum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremów	ekstremum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstremum	ekstremum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcjach	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcja	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcjami	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcją	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcje	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcje	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcje	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcję	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcji	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstrospekcji	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcji	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcji	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcjo	ekstrospekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcjom	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstrospekcyj	ekstrospekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstruzjach	ekstruzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzja	ekstruzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzjami	ekstruzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzją	ekstruzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzje	ekstruzja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzje	ekstruzja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzje	ekstruzja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzję	ekstruzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzji	ekstruzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstruzji	ekstruzja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzji	ekstruzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzji	ekstruzja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzjo	ekstruzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzjom	ekstruzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstruzyj	ekstruzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstynkcjach	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcja	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcjami	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcją	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcje	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcje	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcje	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcję	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcji	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstynkcji	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcji	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcji	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcjo	ekstynkcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcjom	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynkcyj	ekstynkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstynktorach	ekstynktor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktora	ekstynktor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorami	ekstynktor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktor	ekstynktor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktor	ekstynktor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorem	ekstynktor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorom	ekstynktor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorowi	ekstynktor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorów	ekstynktor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktory	ekstynktor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktory	ekstynktor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktory	ekstynktor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorze	ekstynktor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstynktorze	ekstynktor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacjach	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacja	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacjami	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacją	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacje	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacje	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacje	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpację	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacji	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekstyrpacji	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacji	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacji	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacjo	ekstyrpacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacjom	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpacyj	ekstyrpacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekstyrpatorach	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatora	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorami	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpator	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpator	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorem	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorom	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorowi	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorów	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatory	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatory	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatory	ekstyrpator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorze	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpatorze	ekstyrpator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekstyrpować	ekstyrpować	inf:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowaliby	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowalibyście	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowalibyśmy	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowali	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowali	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowaliście	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowaliśmy	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałaby	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałabym	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałabyś	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowała	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowała	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałam	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałaś	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałby	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałbym	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałbyś	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpował	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpował	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałem	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałeś	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałoby	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałobym	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałobyś	ekstyrpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowało	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowało	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałom	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałoś	ekstyrpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałyby	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałybyście	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałybyśmy	ekstyrpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowały	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowały	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałyście	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowałyśmy	ekstyrpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowana	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaną	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowane	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowane	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanego	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanego	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanej	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanemu	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaniach	ekstyrpować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowania	ekstyrpować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowania	ekstyrpować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaniami	ekstyrpować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanie	ekstyrpować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowani	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaniem	ekstyrpować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaniom	ekstyrpować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowaniu	ekstyrpować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowano	ekstyrpować	imps:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpowanych	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanych	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowany	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowany	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanym	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanym	ekstyrpować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowanymi	ekstyrpować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowań	ekstyrpować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ekstyrpowawszy	ekstyrpować	pant:perf		przest.
ekstyrpująca	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującą	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujące	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujące	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującego	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującego	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującej	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpując	ekstyrpować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ekstyrpującemu	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpująco	ekstyrpować	pacta		
ekstyrpujących	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujących	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujący	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujący	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpujący	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującym	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującym	ekstyrpować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpującymi	ekstyrpować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekstyrpują	ekstyrpować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpujcie	ekstyrpować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpujecie	ekstyrpować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpuje	ekstyrpować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpuj	ekstyrpować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpujemy	ekstyrpować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpujesz	ekstyrpować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpuję	ekstyrpować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
ekstyrpujmy	ekstyrpować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		przest.
eksudacjach	eksudacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacja	eksudacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacjami	eksudacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacją	eksudacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacje	eksudacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacje	eksudacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacje	eksudacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudację	eksudacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacji	eksudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksudacji	eksudacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacji	eksudacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacji	eksudacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacjo	eksudacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacjom	eksudacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacyj	eksudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksudacie	eksudat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudacie	eksudat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatach	eksudat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatami	eksudat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudat	eksudat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudat	eksudat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatem	eksudat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatom	eksudat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatowi	eksudat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatów	eksudat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudatu	eksudat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudaty	eksudat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudaty	eksudat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksudaty	eksudat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksulanccy	eksulancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
eksulancka	eksulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
eksulancką	eksulancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
eksulancką	eksulancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
eksulanckich	eksulancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
eksulanckich	eksulancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulanckich	eksulancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulanckie	eksulancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulanckie	eksulancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulanckie	eksulancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckie	eksulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckiego	eksulancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
eksulanckiego	eksulancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckiej	eksulancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
eksulanckiej	eksulancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
eksulanckiej	eksulancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
eksulancki	eksulancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
eksulancki	eksulancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
eksulanckiemu	eksulancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckim	eksulancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulanckim	eksulancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckim	eksulancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
eksulanckimi	eksulancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
eksulancko	eksulancki	adja		daw.
eksulancku	eksulancki	adjp		daw.
eksulancko	eksulancko	adv:pos		
eksulanckościach	eksulanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckościami	eksulanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckością	eksulanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckości	eksulanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckościom	eksulanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckość	eksulanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanckość	eksulanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulancie	eksulant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulancie	eksulant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanci	eksulant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanci	eksulant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantach	eksulant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanta	eksulant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanta	eksulant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantami	eksulant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulant	eksulant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantem	eksulant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantom	eksulant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantowi	eksulant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantów	eksulant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulantów	eksulant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanty	eksulant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksulanty	eksulant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eksykacjach	eksykacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacja	eksykacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacjami	eksykacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacją	eksykacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacje	eksykacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacje	eksykacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacje	eksykacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykację	eksykacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacji	eksykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eksykacji	eksykacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacji	eksykacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacji	eksykacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacjo	eksykacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacjom	eksykacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eksykacyj	eksykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eksykatorach	eksykator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatora	eksykator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorami	eksykator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykator	eksykator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykator	eksykator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorem	eksykator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorom	eksykator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorowi	eksykator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorów	eksykator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatory	eksykator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatory	eksykator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatory	eksykator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorze	eksykator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eksykatorze	eksykator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastach	ektoblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastami	ektoblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblast	ektoblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblast	ektoblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastem	ektoblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastom	ektoblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastowi	ektoblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastów	ektoblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblastu	ektoblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblasty	ektoblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblasty	ektoblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblasty	ektoblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblaście	ektoblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektoblaście	ektoblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermach	ektoderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoderma	ektoderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermami	ektoderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermą	ektoderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoderm	ektoderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermę	ektoderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermie	ektoderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermie	ektoderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermo	ektoderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermom	ektoderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermy	ektoderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermy	ektoderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermy	ektoderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektodermy	ektoderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogenicznościach	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogenicznościami	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogenicznością	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczności	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogenicznościom	ektogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczność	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczność	ektogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektogeniczna	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ektogeniczną	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ektogeniczną	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ektogeniczne	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ektogeniczne	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ektogeniczne	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ektogeniczne	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ektogenicznego	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ektogenicznego	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektogenicznej	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ektogenicznej	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ektogenicznej	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ektogenicznemu	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektogeniczni	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ektogeniczno	ektogeniczny	adja		
ektogenicznych	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ektogenicznych	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektogenicznych	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektogeniczny	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ektogeniczny	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ektogenicznym	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektogenicznym	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektogenicznym	ektogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektogenicznymi	ektogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektopasożycie	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożycie	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytach	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyta	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyta	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytami	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyt	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytem	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytom	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytowi	ektopasożyt	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożytów	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyty	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyty	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopasożyty	ektopasożyt	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ektopiach	ektopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopia	ektopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopiami	ektopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopią	ektopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopie	ektopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopie	ektopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopie	ektopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopię	ektopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopii	ektopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ektopii	ektopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopii	ektopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopii	ektopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopij	ektopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ektopio	ektopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektopiom	ektopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmach	ektoplazma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazma	ektoplazma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmami	ektoplazma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmą	ektoplazma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazm	ektoplazma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmę	ektoplazma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmie	ektoplazma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmie	ektoplazma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmo	ektoplazma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmom	ektoplazma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmy	ektoplazma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmy	ektoplazma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmy	ektoplazma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektoplazmy	ektoplazma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynach	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyna	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynami	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyną	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyn	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynę	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynie	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynie	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyno	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksynom	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyny	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyny	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyny	ektotoksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotoksyny	ektotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficznościach	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficznościami	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficznością	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzności	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficznościom	ektotroficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzność	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzność	ektotroficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektotroficzna	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ektotroficzną	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ektotroficzną	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ektotroficzne	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ektotroficzne	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ektotroficzne	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficzne	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficznego	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ektotroficznego	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficznej	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ektotroficznej	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ektotroficznej	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ektotroficznemu	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficzni	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ektotroficzno	ektotroficzny	adja		
ektotroficznych	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ektotroficznych	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektotroficznych	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektotroficzny	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ektotroficzny	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ektotroficznym	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektotroficznym	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficznym	ektotroficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ektotroficznymi	ektotroficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ektropiach	ektropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropia	ektropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropiami	ektropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropią	ektropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropie	ektropia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropie	ektropia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropie	ektropia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropię	ektropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropii	ektropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ektropii	ektropia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropii	ektropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropii	ektropia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropij	ektropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ektropio	ektropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropiom	ektropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionach	ektropion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionami	ektropion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropion	ektropion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropion	ektropion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionem	ektropion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionie	ektropion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionie	ektropion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionom	ektropion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionowi	ektropion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionów	ektropion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropionu	ektropion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropiony	ektropion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropiony	ektropion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ektropiony	ektropion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenach	ekumena	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumena	ekumena	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenami	ekumena	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeną	ekumena	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumen	ekumena	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenę	ekumena	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenie	ekumena	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenie	ekumena	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeno	ekumena	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenom	ekumena	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeny	ekumena	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeny	ekumena	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeny	ekumena	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeny	ekumena	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniach	ekumenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenia	ekumenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniami	ekumenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenią	ekumenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenie	ekumenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenie	ekumenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenie	ekumenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenię	ekumenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenii	ekumenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekumenii	ekumenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenii	ekumenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenii	ekumenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenij	ekumenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekumenio	ekumenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniom	ekumenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenicznie	ekumenicznie	adv:pos		
ekumenicznościach	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenicznościami	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenicznością	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczności	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenicznościom	ekumeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczność	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczność	ekumeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniczna	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekumeniczną	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekumeniczną	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekumeniczne	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekumeniczne	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekumeniczne	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekumeniczne	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekumenicznego	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekumenicznego	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekumenicznej	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekumenicznej	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekumenicznej	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekumenicznemu	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekumeniczni	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekumeniczno	ekumeniczny	adja		
ekumenicznych	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekumenicznych	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekumenicznych	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekumeniczny	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekumeniczny	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekumenicznym	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekumenicznym	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekumenicznym	ekumeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekumenicznymi	ekumeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekumenistach	ekumenista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenista	ekumenista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistami	ekumenista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistą	ekumenista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistę	ekumenista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenisto	ekumenista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistom	ekumenista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistów	ekumenista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenistów	ekumenista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenisty	ekumenista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenisty	ekumenista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenisty	ekumenista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniście	ekumenista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniście	ekumenista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniści	ekumenista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumeniści	ekumenista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmach	ekumenizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmami	ekumenizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizm	ekumenizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizm	ekumenizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmem	ekumenizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmie	ekumenizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmie	ekumenizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmom	ekumenizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmowi	ekumenizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmów	ekumenizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmu	ekumenizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmy	ekumenizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmy	ekumenizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekumenizmy	ekumenizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorscy	ekwadorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwadorska	ekwadorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwadorską	ekwadorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwadorską	ekwadorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwadorskich	ekwadorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwadorskich	ekwadorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorskich	ekwadorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorskie	ekwadorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorskie	ekwadorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorskie	ekwadorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskie	ekwadorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskiego	ekwadorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwadorskiego	ekwadorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskiej	ekwadorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwadorskiej	ekwadorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwadorskiej	ekwadorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwadorski	ekwadorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwadorski	ekwadorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwadorskiemu	ekwadorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskim	ekwadorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorskim	ekwadorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskim	ekwadorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwadorskimi	ekwadorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwadorsko	ekwadorski	adja		
ekwadorsku	ekwadorski	adjp		
ekwadorsko	ekwadorsko	adv:pos		
ekwadorskościach	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskościami	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskością	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskości	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskościom	ekwadorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskość	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwadorskość	ekwadorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorach	ekwator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatora	ekwator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorami	ekwator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwator	ekwator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwator	ekwator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorem	ekwator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorom	ekwator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorowi	ekwator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorów	ekwator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatory	ekwator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatory	ekwator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatory	ekwator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorze	ekwator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorze	ekwator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialnościach	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialnościami	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialnością	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialności	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialnościom	ekwatorialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialność	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialność	ekwatorialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatorialna	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwatorialną	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwatorialną	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwatorialne	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatorialne	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatorialne	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialne	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialnego	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwatorialnego	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialnej	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwatorialnej	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwatorialnej	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwatorialnemu	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialni	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwatorialno	ekwatorialny	adja		
ekwatorialnych	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwatorialnych	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatorialnych	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatorialny	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwatorialny	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwatorialnym	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatorialnym	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialnym	ekwatorialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwatorialnymi	ekwatorialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwatoriale	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriale	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałach	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałami	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriał	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriał	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałem	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałom	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałowi	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriałów	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriału	ekwatoriał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriały	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriały	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwatoriały	ekwatoriał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystancie	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystancie	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystantach	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanta	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystantami	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystantą	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystant	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystantę	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanto	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystantom	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanty	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanty	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanty	ekwidystanta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwidystanty	ekwidystanta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystach	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrysta	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystami	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystą	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystę	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrysto	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystom	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystów	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystów	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrysty	ekwilibrysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrysty	ekwilibrysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrysty	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibryście	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibryście	ekwilibrysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibryści	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibryści	ekwilibrysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystycznościach	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystycznościami	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystycznością	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczności	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystycznościom	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczność	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczność	ekwilibrystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyczna	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwilibrystyczną	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwilibrystyczną	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwilibrystyczne	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystyczne	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystyczne	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystyczne	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystycznego	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwilibrystycznego	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystycznej	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwilibrystycznej	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwilibrystycznej	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwilibrystycznemu	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystyczni	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwilibrystyczno	ekwilibrystyczny	adja		
ekwilibrystycznych	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwilibrystycznych	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystycznych	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystyczny	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwilibrystyczny	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwilibrystycznym	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystycznym	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystycznym	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwilibrystycznymi	ekwilibrystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwilibrystyce	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyce	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystykach	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyka	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystykami	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyką	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyk	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystykę	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyki	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyki	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyki	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyki	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystyko	ekwilibrystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwilibrystykom	ekwilibrystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjach	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcja	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcja	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcja	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjami	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjom	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjów	ekwinokcjum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwinokcjum	ekwinokcjum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycjach	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycja	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycjami	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycją	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycje	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycje	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycje	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycję	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycji	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekwipartycji	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycji	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycji	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycjo	ekwipartycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycjom	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipartycyj	ekwipartycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekwipażach	ekwipaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażami	ekwipaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaże	ekwipaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaże	ekwipaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaże	ekwipaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaż	ekwipaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaż	ekwipaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażem	ekwipaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażom	ekwipaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażowi	ekwipaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażów	ekwipaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażu	ekwipaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażu	ekwipaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażu	ekwipaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipaży	ekwipaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipażykach	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażykami	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyk	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyk	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyki	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyki	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyki	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażykiem	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażykom	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażykowi	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyków	ekwipażyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyku	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyku	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipażyku	ekwipażyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwipolentnościach	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentnościami	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentnością	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentności	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentnościom	ekwipolentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentność	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentność	ekwipolentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipolentna	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwipolentną	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwipolentną	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwipolentne	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipolentne	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipolentne	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentne	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentnego	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwipolentnego	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentnej	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwipolentnej	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwipolentnej	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwipolentnemu	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentni	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipolentno	ekwipolentny	adja		
ekwipolentnych	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipolentnych	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipolentnych	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipolentny	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwipolentny	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwipolentnym	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipolentnym	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentnym	ekwipolentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipolentnymi	ekwipolentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalnościach	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalnościami	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalnością	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalności	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalnościom	ekwipotencjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalność	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalność	ekwipotencjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipotencjalna	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalną	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalną	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalne	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalne	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalne	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalne	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalnego	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwipotencjalnego	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalnej	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalnej	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalnej	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwipotencjalnemu	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalni	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipotencjalno	ekwipotencjalny	adja		
ekwipotencjalnych	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipotencjalnych	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalnych	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalny	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwipotencjalny	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwipotencjalnym	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipotencjalnym	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalnym	ekwipotencjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipotencjalnymi	ekwipotencjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipować	ekwipować	inf:imperf		
ekwipowaliby	ekwipować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekwipowalibyście	ekwipować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekwipowalibyśmy	ekwipować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekwipowali	ekwipować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ekwipowali	ekwipować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ekwipowaliście	ekwipować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ekwipowaliśmy	ekwipować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałaby	ekwipować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałabym	ekwipować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałabyś	ekwipować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekwipowała	ekwipować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ekwipowała	ekwipować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałam	ekwipować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałaś	ekwipować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ekwipowałby	ekwipować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałbym	ekwipować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałbyś	ekwipować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekwipował	ekwipować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ekwipował	ekwipować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałem	ekwipować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałeś	ekwipować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ekwipowałoby	ekwipować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałobym	ekwipować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałobyś	ekwipować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekwipowało	ekwipować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ekwipowało	ekwipować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałom	ekwipować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ekwipowałoś	ekwipować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ekwipowałyby	ekwipować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałybyście	ekwipować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekwipowałybyśmy	ekwipować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekwipowały	ekwipować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ekwipowały	ekwipować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ekwipowałyście	ekwipować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ekwipowałyśmy	ekwipować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ekwipowana	ekwipować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaną	ekwipować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipowane	ekwipować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowane	ekwipować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanego	ekwipować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanego	ekwipować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanej	ekwipować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanemu	ekwipować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaniach	ekwipować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowania	ekwipować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowania	ekwipować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaniami	ekwipować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanie	ekwipować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowani	ekwipować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaniem	ekwipować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaniom	ekwipować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowaniu	ekwipować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowano	ekwipować	imps:imperf		
ekwipowanych	ekwipować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanych	ekwipować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowany	ekwipować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowany	ekwipować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanym	ekwipować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanym	ekwipować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipowanymi	ekwipować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipowań	ekwipować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipująca	ekwipować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipującą	ekwipować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipujące	ekwipować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipujące	ekwipować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipującego	ekwipować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ekwipującego	ekwipować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipującej	ekwipować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ekwipując	ekwipować	pcon:imperf		
ekwipującemu	ekwipować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipująco	ekwipować	pacta		
ekwipujących	ekwipować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekwipujących	ekwipować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipujący	ekwipować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ekwipujący	ekwipować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ekwipujący	ekwipować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ekwipującym	ekwipować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipującym	ekwipować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ekwipującymi	ekwipować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ekwipują	ekwipować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ekwipujcie	ekwipować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ekwipujecie	ekwipować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ekwipuje	ekwipować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ekwipuj	ekwipować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ekwipujemy	ekwipować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ekwipujesz	ekwipować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ekwipuję	ekwipować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ekwipujmy	ekwipować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ekwipunek	ekwipunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunek	ekwipunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkach	ekwipunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkami	ekwipunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunki	ekwipunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunki	ekwipunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunki	ekwipunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkiem	ekwipunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkom	ekwipunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowi	ekwipunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunków	ekwipunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunku	ekwipunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunku	ekwipunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunku	ekwipunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowościach	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowościami	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowością	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowości	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowościom	ekwipunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowość	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowość	ekwipunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwipunkowa	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwipunkową	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwipunkową	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwipunkowe	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipunkowe	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipunkowe	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowe	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowego	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwipunkowego	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowej	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwipunkowej	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwipunkowej	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwipunkowemu	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowi	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipunkowo	ekwipunkowy	adja		
ekwipunkowych	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwipunkowych	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipunkowych	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipunkowy	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwipunkowy	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwipunkowym	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwipunkowym	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowym	ekwipunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwipunkowymi	ekwipunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwicie	ekwita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwicie	ekwita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwici	ekwita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwici	ekwita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitach	ekwita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwita	ekwita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitami	ekwita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitą	ekwita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitę	ekwita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwito	ekwita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitom	ekwita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitów	ekwita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitów	ekwita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwity	ekwita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwity	ekwita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ekwity	ekwita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacjach	ekwitacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacja	ekwitacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacjami	ekwitacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacją	ekwitacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacje	ekwitacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacje	ekwitacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacje	ekwitacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitację	ekwitacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacji	ekwitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekwitacji	ekwitacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacji	ekwitacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacji	ekwitacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacjo	ekwitacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacjom	ekwitacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwitacyj	ekwitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekwiwalencjach	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencja	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencjami	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencją	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencje	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencje	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencje	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencję	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencji	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekwiwalencji	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencji	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencji	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencjo	ekwiwalencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencjom	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencyj	ekwiwalencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekwiwalencie	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalencie	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentach	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentami	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalent	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalent	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentem	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentom	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentowi	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentów	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentu	ekwiwalent	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalenty	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalenty	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalenty	ekwiwalent	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentnie	ekwiwalentnie	adv:pos		
ekwiwalentnościach	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentnościami	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentnością	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentności	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentnościom	ekwiwalentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentność	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentność	ekwiwalentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentna	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ekwiwalentną	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ekwiwalentną	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ekwiwalentne	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentne	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentne	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentne	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentnego	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ekwiwalentnego	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentnej	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ekwiwalentnej	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ekwiwalentnej	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ekwiwalentnemu	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentni	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwiwalentno	ekwiwalentny	adja		
ekwiwalentnych	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ekwiwalentnych	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentnych	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentny	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ekwiwalentny	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ekwiwalentnym	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentnym	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentnym	ekwiwalentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ekwiwalentnymi	ekwiwalentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ekwiwalentorach	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorami	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentor	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentor	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorem	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorom	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorowi	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorów	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentoru	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentory	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentory	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentory	ekwiwalentor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorze	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentorze	ekwiwalentor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacjach	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacja	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacjami	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacją	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacje	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacje	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacje	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzację	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacji	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekwiwalentyzacji	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacji	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacji	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacjo	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacjom	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwalentyzacyj	ekwiwalentyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ekwiwokach	ekwiwok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwokami	ekwiwok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwok	ekwiwok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwok	ekwiwok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoki	ekwiwok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoki	ekwiwok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoki	ekwiwok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwokiem	ekwiwok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwokom	ekwiwok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwokowi	ekwiwok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoków	ekwiwok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoku	ekwiwok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoku	ekwiwok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwoku	ekwiwok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ekwiwokacjach	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacja	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacjami	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacją	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacje	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacje	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacje	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokację	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacji	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ekwiwokacji	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacji	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacji	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacjo	ekwiwokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacjom	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ekwiwokacyj	ekwiwokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
el	el	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
el	el	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracikach	elaboracik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracikami	elaboracik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracik	elaboracik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracik	elaboracik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciki	elaboracik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciki	elaboracik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciki	elaboracik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracikiem	elaboracik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracikom	elaboracik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracikowi	elaboracik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracików	elaboracik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciku	elaboracik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciku	elaboracik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraciku	elaboracik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracjach	elaboracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracja	elaboracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracjami	elaboracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracją	elaboracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracje	elaboracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracje	elaboracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracje	elaboracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaborację	elaboracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracji	elaboracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elaboracji	elaboracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracji	elaboracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracji	elaboracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracjo	elaboracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracjom	elaboracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracyj	elaboracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elaboracie	elaborat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboracie	elaborat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratach	elaborat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratami	elaborat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaborat	elaborat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaborat	elaborat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratem	elaborat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratom	elaborat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratowi	elaborat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratów	elaborat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboratu	elaborat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraty	elaborat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraty	elaborat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaboraty	elaborat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastach	elajoplast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastami	elajoplast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplast	elajoplast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplast	elajoplast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastem	elajoplast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastom	elajoplast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastowi	elajoplast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastów	elajoplast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplastu	elajoplast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplasty	elajoplast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplasty	elajoplast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplasty	elajoplast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplaście	elajoplast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajoplaście	elajoplast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomach	elajosom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomami	elajosom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosom	elajosom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosom	elajosom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomem	elajosom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomie	elajosom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomie	elajosom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomom	elajosom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomowi	elajosom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomów	elajosom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomu	elajosom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomy	elajosom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomy	elajosom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elajosomy	elajosom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elamiccy	elamicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elamicka	elamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elamicką	elamicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elamicką	elamicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elamickich	elamicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elamickich	elamicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elamickich	elamicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elamickie	elamicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elamickie	elamicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elamickie	elamicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elamickie	elamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elamickiego	elamicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elamickiego	elamicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elamickiej	elamicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elamickiej	elamicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elamickiej	elamicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elamicki	elamicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elamicki	elamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elamickiemu	elamicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elamickim	elamicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elamickim	elamicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elamickim	elamicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elamickimi	elamicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elamicko	elamicki	adja		
elamicku	elamicki	adjp		
elamicko	elamicko	adv:pos		
elamickościach	elamickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickościami	elamickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickością	elamickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickości	elamickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickościom	elamickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickość	elamickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elamickość	elamickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanach	elana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elana	elana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanami	elana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaną	elana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elan	elana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanę	elana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanie	elana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanie	elana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elano	elana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanom	elana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elany	elana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elany	elana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elany	elana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elany	elana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elandach	eland	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elanda	eland	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elanda	eland	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandami	eland	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eland	eland	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandem	eland	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandom	eland	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandowi	eland	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandów	eland	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandy	eland	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandy	eland	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandy	eland	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandzie	eland	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elandzie	eland	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełen	elanobawełna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnach	elanobawełna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełna	elanobawełna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnami	elanobawełna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełną	elanobawełna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełn	elanobawełna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnę	elanobawełna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnie	elanobawełna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnie	elanobawełna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełno	elanobawełna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnom	elanobawełna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełny	elanobawełna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełny	elanobawełna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełny	elanobawełna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełny	elanobawełna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianościach	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianościami	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianością	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianości	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianościom	elanobawełnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianość	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełnianość	elanobawełnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanobawełniana	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elanobawełnianą	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elanobawełnianą	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elanobawełniane	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanobawełniane	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanobawełniane	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełniane	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełnianego	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elanobawełnianego	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełnianej	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elanobawełnianej	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elanobawełnianej	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elanobawełnianemu	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełniani	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elanobawełniano	elanobawełniany	adja		
elanobawełnianych	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elanobawełnianych	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanobawełnianych	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanobawełniany	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elanobawełniany	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elanobawełnianym	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanobawełnianym	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełnianym	elanobawełniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanobawełnianymi	elanobawełniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanolen	elanolen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolen	elanolen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnach	elanolen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnami	elanolen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnem	elanolen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnie	elanolen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnie	elanolen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnom	elanolen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnowi	elanolen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnów	elanolen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnu	elanolen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolny	elanolen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolny	elanolen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolny	elanolen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianościach	elanolnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianościami	elanolnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianością	elanolnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianości	elanolnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianościom	elanolnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianość	elanolnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolnianość	elanolnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanolniana	elanolniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elanolnianą	elanolniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elanolnianą	elanolniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elanolniane	elanolniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanolniane	elanolniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanolniane	elanolniany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elanolniane	elanolniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elanolnianego	elanolniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elanolnianego	elanolniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanolnianej	elanolniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elanolnianej	elanolniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elanolnianej	elanolniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elanolnianemu	elanolniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanolniani	elanolniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elanolniano	elanolniany	adja		
elanolnianych	elanolniany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elanolnianych	elanolniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanolnianych	elanolniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanolniany	elanolniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elanolniany	elanolniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elanolnianym	elanolniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanolnianym	elanolniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanolnianym	elanolniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanolnianymi	elanolniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanowościach	elanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowościami	elanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowością	elanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowości	elanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowościom	elanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowość	elanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowość	elanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elanowa	elanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elanową	elanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elanową	elanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elanowe	elanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanowe	elanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elanowe	elanowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elanowe	elanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elanowego	elanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elanowego	elanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanowej	elanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elanowej	elanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elanowej	elanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elanowemu	elanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanowi	elanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elanowo	elanowy	adja		
elanowych	elanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elanowych	elanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanowych	elanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanowy	elanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elanowy	elanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elanowym	elanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elanowym	elanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanowym	elanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elanowymi	elanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastikach	elastik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikami	elastik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastik	elastik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastik	elastik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikiem	elastik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikom	elastik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikowi	elastik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastików	elastik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiku	elastik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiku	elastik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiku	elastik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikach	elastiki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikami	elastiki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastiki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastiki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastiki	elastiki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastikom	elastiki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastików	elastiki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilach	elastil	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilami	elastil	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastile	elastil	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastile	elastil	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastile	elastil	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastil	elastil	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastil	elastil	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilem	elastil	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilom	elastil	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowi	elastil	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilów	elastil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilu	elastil	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilu	elastil	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilu	elastil	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowościach	elastilowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowościami	elastilowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowością	elastilowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowości	elastilowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowościom	elastilowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowość	elastilowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowość	elastilowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastilowa	elastilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastilową	elastilowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastilową	elastilowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastilowe	elastilowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastilowe	elastilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastilowe	elastilowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastilowe	elastilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastilowego	elastilowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastilowego	elastilowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastilowej	elastilowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastilowej	elastilowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastilowej	elastilowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastilowemu	elastilowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastilowi	elastilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastilowo	elastilowy	adja		
elastilowych	elastilowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastilowych	elastilowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastilowych	elastilowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastilowy	elastilowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastilowy	elastilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastilowym	elastilowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastilowym	elastilowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastilowym	elastilowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastilowymi	elastilowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastomerach	elastomer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerami	elastomer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomer	elastomer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomer	elastomer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerem	elastomer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerom	elastomer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerowi	elastomer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerów	elastomer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomeru	elastomer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomery	elastomer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomery	elastomer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomery	elastomer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerze	elastomer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastomerze	elastomer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptycznościach	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptycznościami	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptycznością	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczności	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptycznościom	elastooptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczność	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczność	elastooptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyczna	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastooptyczną	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastooptyczną	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastooptyczne	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptyczne	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptyczne	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastooptyczne	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastooptycznego	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastooptycznego	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastooptycznej	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastooptycznej	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastooptycznej	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastooptycznemu	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastooptyczni	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastooptyczno	elastooptyczny	adja		
elastooptycznych	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastooptycznych	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptycznych	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptyczny	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastooptyczny	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastooptycznym	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptycznym	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastooptycznym	elastooptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastooptycznymi	elastooptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastooptyce	elastooptyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyce	elastooptyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptykach	elastooptyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyka	elastooptyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptykami	elastooptyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyką	elastooptyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyk	elastooptyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptykę	elastooptyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyki	elastooptyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyki	elastooptyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyki	elastooptyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyki	elastooptyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptyko	elastooptyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastooptykom	elastooptyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastycznościach	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastycznościami	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastycznością	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczności	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastycznościom	elastoplastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczność	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczność	elastoplastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastoplastyczna	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastoplastyczną	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastoplastyczną	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastoplastyczne	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastoplastyczne	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastoplastyczne	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastyczne	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastycznego	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastoplastycznego	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastycznej	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastoplastycznej	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastoplastycznej	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastoplastycznemu	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastyczni	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastoplastyczno	elastoplastyczny	adja		
elastoplastycznych	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastoplastycznych	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastoplastycznych	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastoplastyczny	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastoplastyczny	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastoplastycznym	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastoplastycznym	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastycznym	elastoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastoplastycznymi	elastoplastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastorach	elastor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorami	elastor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastor	elastor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastor	elastor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorem	elastor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorom	elastor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowi	elastor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorów	elastor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastoru	elastor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastory	elastor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastory	elastor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastory	elastor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorze	elastor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorze	elastor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowościach	elastorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowościami	elastorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowością	elastorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowości	elastorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowościom	elastorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowość	elastorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowość	elastorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastorowa	elastorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastorową	elastorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastorową	elastorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastorowe	elastorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastorowe	elastorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastorowe	elastorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastorowe	elastorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastorowego	elastorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastorowego	elastorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastorowej	elastorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastorowej	elastorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastorowej	elastorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastorowemu	elastorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastorowi	elastorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastorowo	elastorowy	adja		
elastorowych	elastorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastorowych	elastorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastorowych	elastorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastorowy	elastorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastorowy	elastorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastorowym	elastorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastorowym	elastorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastorowym	elastorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastorowymi	elastorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastycznie	elastycznie	adv:pos		
elastyczniej	elastycznie	adv:com		
elastycznościach	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznościami	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznością	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznościom	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczność	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczność	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznościach	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznościami	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznością	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczności	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastycznościom	elastyczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczność	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczność	elastyczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyczna	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastyczną	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastyczną	elastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastyczne	elastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastyczne	elastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastyczne	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastyczne	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastycznego	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastycznego	elastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastycznej	elastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastycznej	elastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastycznej	elastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastycznemu	elastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastyczniejsi	elastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
elastyczniejsza	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
elastyczniejszą	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
elastyczniejszą	elastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
elastyczniejsze	elastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elastyczniejsze	elastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elastyczniejsze	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejsze	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejszego	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
elastyczniejszego	elastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejszej	elastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
elastyczniejszej	elastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
elastyczniejszej	elastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
elastyczniejszemu	elastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejszych	elastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
elastyczniejszych	elastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elastyczniejszych	elastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elastyczniejszy	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
elastyczniejszy	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
elastyczniejszym	elastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elastyczniejszym	elastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejszym	elastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elastyczniejszymi	elastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elastyczni	elastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastyczno	elastyczny	adja		
elastycznych	elastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastycznych	elastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastycznych	elastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastyczny	elastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastyczny	elastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastycznym	elastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastycznym	elastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastycznym	elastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastycznymi	elastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastykach	elastyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykami	elastyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyk	elastyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyk	elastyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykiem	elastyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykom	elastyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykowi	elastyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyków	elastyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyku	elastyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyku	elastyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyku	elastyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykach	elastyki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykami	elastyki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyki	elastyki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastykom	elastyki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyków	elastyki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylach	elastyl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylami	elastyl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyle	elastyl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyle	elastyl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyle	elastyl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyl	elastyl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyl	elastyl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylem	elastyl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastyli	elastyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylom	elastyl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowi	elastyl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylu	elastyl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylu	elastyl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylu	elastyl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowościach	elastylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowościami	elastylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowością	elastylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowości	elastylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowościom	elastylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowość	elastylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowość	elastylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastylowa	elastylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elastylową	elastylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elastylową	elastylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elastylowe	elastylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastylowe	elastylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elastylowe	elastylowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elastylowe	elastylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elastylowego	elastylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elastylowego	elastylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastylowej	elastylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elastylowej	elastylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elastylowej	elastylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elastylowemu	elastylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastylowi	elastylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elastylowo	elastylowy	adja		
elastylowych	elastylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elastylowych	elastylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastylowych	elastylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastylowy	elastylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elastylowy	elastylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elastylowym	elastylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastylowym	elastylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastylowym	elastylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elastylowymi	elastylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elastynach	elastyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyna	elastyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastynami	elastyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyną	elastyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyn	elastyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastynę	elastyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastynie	elastyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastynie	elastyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyno	elastyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastynom	elastyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyny	elastyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyny	elastyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyny	elastyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elastyny	elastyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elaterach	elater	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elatera	elater	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterami	elater	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elater	elater	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elater	elater	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterem	elater	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterom	elater	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterowi	elater	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterów	elater	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elateru	elater	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elatery	elater	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elatery	elater	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elatery	elater	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterze	elater	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elaterze	elater	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elbląscy	elbląski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elbląska	elbląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elbląską	elbląski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elbląską	elbląski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elbląskich	elbląski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elbląskich	elbląski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elbląskich	elbląski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elbląskie	elbląski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elbląskie	elbląski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elbląskie	elbląski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elbląskie	elbląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elbląskiego	elbląski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elbląskiego	elbląski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elbląskiej	elbląski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elbląskiej	elbląski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elbląskiej	elbląski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elbląski	elbląski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elbląski	elbląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elbląskiemu	elbląski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elbląskim	elbląski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elbląskim	elbląski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elbląskim	elbląski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elbląskimi	elbląski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elbląsko	elbląski	adja		
elbląsku	elbląski	adjp		
elbląsko	elbląsko	adv:pos		
elbląskościach	elbląskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskościami	elbląskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskością	elbląskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskości	elbląskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskościom	elbląskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskość	elbląskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elbląskość	elbląskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanach	elblążanin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanami	elblążanin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążan	elblążanin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążan	elblążanin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanie	elblążanin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanie	elblążanin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanina	elblążanin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanina	elblążanin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanin	elblążanin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążaninem	elblążanin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążaninie	elblążanin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążaninie	elblążanin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążaninowi	elblążanin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanom	elblążanin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elblążany	elblążanin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elblążany	elblążanin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elblążance	elblążanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążance	elblążanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanek	elblążanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążankach	elblążanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanka	elblążanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążankami	elblążanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanką	elblążanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążankę	elblążanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanki	elblążanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanki	elblążanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanki	elblążanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanki	elblążanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążanko	elblążanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elblążankom	elblążanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradach	eldorado	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorada	eldorado	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorada	eldorado	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorada	eldorado	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorada	eldorado	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradami	eldorado	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorad	eldorado	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradem	eldorado	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorado	eldorado	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorado	eldorado	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldorado	eldorado	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradom	eldorado	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradu	eldorado	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eldoradzie	eldorado	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eleaccy	eleacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eleacka	eleacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eleacką	eleacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eleacką	eleacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eleackich	eleacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eleackich	eleacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleackich	eleacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleackie	eleacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleackie	eleacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleackie	eleacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eleackie	eleacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eleackiego	eleacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eleackiego	eleacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleackiej	eleacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eleackiej	eleacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eleackiej	eleacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eleacki	eleacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eleacki	eleacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eleackiemu	eleacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleackim	eleacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleackim	eleacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleackim	eleacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleackimi	eleacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleacko	eleacki	adja		
eleacku	eleacki	adjp		
eleacko	eleacko	adv:pos		
eleackościach	eleackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackościami	eleackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackością	eleackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackości	eleackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackościom	eleackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackość	eleackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleackość	eleackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elearach	elear	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eleara	elear	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eleara	elear	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearami	elear	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elear	elear	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearem	elear	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearom	elear	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearowie	elear	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearowie	elear	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearowi	elear	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearów	elear	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearów	elear	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eleary	elear	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eleary	elear	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearze	elear	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearze	elear	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearzy	elear	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
elearzy	elear	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
e-learningach	e-learning	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningami	e-learning	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learning	e-learning	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learning	e-learning	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningi	e-learning	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningi	e-learning	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningi	e-learning	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningiem	e-learning	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningom	e-learning	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningowi	e-learning	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningów	e-learning	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningu	e-learning	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningu	e-learning	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningu	e-learning	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-learningowa	e-learningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
e-learningową	e-learningowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
e-learningową	e-learningowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
e-learningowe	e-learningowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
e-learningowe	e-learningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
e-learningowe	e-learningowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowe	e-learningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowego	e-learningowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
e-learningowego	e-learningowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowej	e-learningowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
e-learningowej	e-learningowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
e-learningowej	e-learningowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
e-learningowemu	e-learningowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowi	e-learningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
e-learningowo	e-learningowy	adja		
e-learningowych	e-learningowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
e-learningowych	e-learningowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-learningowych	e-learningowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-learningowy	e-learningowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
e-learningowy	e-learningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
e-learningowym	e-learningowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-learningowym	e-learningowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowym	e-learningowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-learningowymi	e-learningowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleacie	eleata	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleacie	eleata	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleaci	eleata	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleaci	eleata	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatach	eleata	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleata	eleata	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatami	eleata	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatą	eleata	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatę	eleata	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleato	eleata	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatom	eleata	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatów	eleata	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatów	eleata	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleaty	eleata	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eleaty	eleata	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eleaty	eleata	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmach	eleatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmami	eleatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzm	eleatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzm	eleatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmem	eleatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmie	eleatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmie	eleatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmom	eleatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmowi	eleatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmów	eleatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmu	eleatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmy	eleatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmy	eleatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eleatyzmy	eleatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
electro	electro	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elegancikach	elegancik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancika	elegancik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancika	elegancik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikami	elegancik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancik	elegancik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
eleganciki	elegancik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	iron.
eleganciki	elegancik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikiem	elegancik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikom	elegancik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikowie	elegancik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikowie	elegancik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancikowi	elegancik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancików	elegancik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancików	elegancik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
eleganciku	elegancik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
eleganciku	elegancik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	iron.
elegancjach	elegancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancja	elegancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancjami	elegancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancją	elegancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancje	elegancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancje	elegancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancje	elegancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancję	elegancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancji	elegancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elegancji	elegancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancji	elegancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancji	elegancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancjo	elegancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancjom	elegancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancyj	elegancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eleganccy	elegancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elegancka	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elegancką	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elegancką	elegancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eleganckich	elegancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eleganckich	elegancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleganckich	elegancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleganckie	elegancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleganckie	elegancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleganckie	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eleganckie	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eleganckiego	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eleganckiego	elegancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleganckiej	elegancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eleganckiej	elegancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eleganckiej	elegancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elegancki	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elegancki	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eleganckiemu	elegancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleganckim	elegancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleganckim	elegancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleganckim	elegancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleganckimi	elegancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegancko	elegancki	adja		
elegancku	elegancki	adjp		
elegantsi	elegancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
elegantsza	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
elegantszą	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
elegantszą	elegancki	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
elegantsze	elegancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elegantsze	elegancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elegantsze	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
elegantsze	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
elegantszego	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
elegantszego	elegancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elegantszej	elegancki	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
elegantszej	elegancki	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
elegantszej	elegancki	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
elegantszemu	elegancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elegantszych	elegancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
elegantszych	elegancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elegantszych	elegancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elegantszy	elegancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
elegantszy	elegancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
elegantszym	elegancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elegantszym	elegancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elegantszym	elegancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elegantszymi	elegancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elegancko	elegancko	adv:pos		
eleganckościach	eleganckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckościami	eleganckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckością	eleganckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckości	eleganckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckościom	eleganckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckość	eleganckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleganckość	eleganckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegancie	elegant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegancie	elegant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleganci	elegant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleganci	elegant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantach	elegant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleganta	elegant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleganta	elegant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantami	elegant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegant	elegant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantem	elegant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantom	elegant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantowi	elegant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantów	elegant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegantów	elegant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleganty	elegant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eleganty	elegant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elegantce	elegantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantce	elegantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantek	elegantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantkach	elegantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantka	elegantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantkami	elegantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantką	elegantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantkę	elegantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantki	elegantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantki	elegantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantki	elegantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantki	elegantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantko	elegantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantkom	elegantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegantować	elegantować	inf:imperf		
elegantowaliby	elegantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elegantowalibyście	elegantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elegantowalibyśmy	elegantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elegantowali	elegantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
elegantowali	elegantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elegantowaliście	elegantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elegantowaliśmy	elegantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elegantowałaby	elegantować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elegantowałabym	elegantować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elegantowałabyś	elegantować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elegantowała	elegantować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
elegantowała	elegantować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elegantowałam	elegantować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elegantowałaś	elegantować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elegantowałby	elegantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elegantowałbym	elegantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elegantowałbyś	elegantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elegantował	elegantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
elegantował	elegantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elegantowałem	elegantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elegantowałeś	elegantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elegantowałoby	elegantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elegantowałobym	elegantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elegantowałobyś	elegantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elegantowało	elegantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
elegantowało	elegantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elegantowałom	elegantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elegantowałoś	elegantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elegantowałyby	elegantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elegantowałybyście	elegantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elegantowałybyśmy	elegantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elegantowały	elegantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
elegantowały	elegantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elegantowałyście	elegantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elegantowałyśmy	elegantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elegantowaniach	elegantować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowania	elegantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowania	elegantować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowaniami	elegantować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowanie	elegantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowaniem	elegantować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowaniom	elegantować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowaniu	elegantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantowano	elegantować	imps:imperf		
elegantowań	elegantować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elegantująca	elegantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elegantującą	elegantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elegantujące	elegantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elegantujące	elegantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elegantującego	elegantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elegantującego	elegantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elegantującej	elegantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elegantując	elegantować	pcon:imperf		
elegantującemu	elegantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elegantująco	elegantować	pacta		
elegantujących	elegantować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elegantujących	elegantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elegantujący	elegantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elegantujący	elegantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elegantujący	elegantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elegantującym	elegantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elegantującym	elegantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elegantującymi	elegantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elegantują	elegantować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
elegantujcie	elegantować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
elegantujecie	elegantować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
elegantuje	elegantować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
elegantuj	elegantować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
elegantujemy	elegantować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
elegantujesz	elegantować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
elegantuję	elegantować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
elegantujmy	elegantować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elegiach	elegia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegia	elegia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiami	elegia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegią	elegia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegie	elegia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegie	elegia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegie	elegia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegię	elegia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegii	elegia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elegii	elegia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegii	elegia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegii	elegia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegij	elegia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elegio	elegia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiom	elegia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiaccy	elegiacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elegiacka	elegiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elegiacką	elegiacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elegiacką	elegiacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elegiackich	elegiacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elegiackich	elegiacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegiackich	elegiacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegiackie	elegiacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elegiackie	elegiacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elegiackie	elegiacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elegiackie	elegiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elegiackiego	elegiacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elegiackiego	elegiacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegiackiej	elegiacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elegiackiej	elegiacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elegiackiej	elegiacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elegiacki	elegiacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elegiacki	elegiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elegiackiemu	elegiacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegiackim	elegiacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegiackim	elegiacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegiackim	elegiacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegiackimi	elegiacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegiacko	elegiacki	adja		
elegiacku	elegiacki	adjp		
elegiacko	elegiacko	adv:pos		
elegiackościach	elegiackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackościami	elegiackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackością	elegiackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackości	elegiackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackościom	elegiackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackość	elegiackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegiackość	elegiackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegicznościach	elegiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegicznościami	elegiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegicznością	elegiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczności	elegiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegicznościom	elegiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczność	elegiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczność	elegiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elegiczna	elegiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
elegiczną	elegiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
elegiczną	elegiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
elegiczne	elegiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegiczne	elegiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegiczne	elegiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegiczne	elegiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegicznego	elegiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
elegicznego	elegiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegicznej	elegiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
elegicznej	elegiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
elegicznej	elegiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
elegicznemu	elegiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegiczni	elegiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
elegiczno	elegiczny	adja		przest.
elegicznych	elegiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
elegicznych	elegiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegicznych	elegiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegiczny	elegiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
elegiczny	elegiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
elegicznym	elegiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegicznym	elegiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegicznym	elegiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
elegicznymi	elegiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
elegijnie	elegijnie	adv:pos		
elegijnościach	elegijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijnościami	elegijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijnością	elegijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijności	elegijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijnościom	elegijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijność	elegijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijność	elegijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elegijna	elegijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elegijną	elegijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elegijną	elegijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elegijne	elegijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elegijne	elegijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elegijne	elegijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elegijne	elegijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elegijnego	elegijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elegijnego	elegijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegijnej	elegijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elegijnej	elegijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elegijnej	elegijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elegijnemu	elegijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegijni	elegijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elegijno	elegijny	adja		
elegijnych	elegijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elegijnych	elegijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegijnych	elegijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegijny	elegijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elegijny	elegijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elegijnym	elegijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegijnym	elegijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegijnym	elegijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elegijnymi	elegijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elegicy	elegik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegicy	elegik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegikach	elegik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegika	elegik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegika	elegik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegikami	elegik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegik	elegik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegiki	elegik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elegiki	elegik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elegikiem	elegik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegikom	elegik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegikowi	elegik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegików	elegik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegików	elegik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegiku	elegik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elegiku	elegik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eleison	eleison	burk		
elekcjach	elekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcja	elekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcjami	elekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcją	elekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcje	elekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcje	elekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcje	elekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcję	elekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcji	elekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elekcji	elekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcji	elekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcji	elekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcjo	elekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcjom	elekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyj	elekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elekcyjnościach	elekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjnościami	elekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjnością	elekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjności	elekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjnościom	elekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjność	elekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjność	elekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elekcyjna	elekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elekcyjną	elekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elekcyjną	elekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elekcyjne	elekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elekcyjne	elekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elekcyjne	elekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjne	elekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjnego	elekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elekcyjnego	elekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjnej	elekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elekcyjnej	elekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elekcyjnej	elekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elekcyjnemu	elekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjni	elekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elekcyjno	elekcyjny	adja		
elekcyjnych	elekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elekcyjnych	elekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elekcyjnych	elekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elekcyjny	elekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elekcyjny	elekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elekcyjnym	elekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elekcyjnym	elekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjnym	elekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elekcyjnymi	elekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elekcie	elekt	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekcie	elekt	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekci	elekt	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekci	elekt	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektach	elekt	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekta	elekt	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekta	elekt	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektami	elekt	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekt	elekt	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektem	elekt	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektom	elekt	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektowi	elekt	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektów	elekt	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektów	elekt	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elekty	elekt	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elekty	elekt	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorach	elektor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektora	elektor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektora	elektor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorami	elektor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektor	elektor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorem	elektor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorom	elektor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorowie	elektor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorowie	elektor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorowi	elektor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorów	elektor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorów	elektor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektory	elektor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektory	elektor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorze	elektor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorze	elektor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorzy	elektor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektorzy	elektor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektoralnościach	elektoralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralnościami	elektoralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralnością	elektoralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralności	elektoralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralnościom	elektoralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralność	elektoralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralność	elektoralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elektoralna	elektoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
elektoralną	elektoralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
elektoralną	elektoralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
elektoralne	elektoralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoralne	elektoralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoralne	elektoralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralne	elektoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralnego	elektoralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
elektoralnego	elektoralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralnej	elektoralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
elektoralnej	elektoralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
elektoralnej	elektoralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
elektoralnemu	elektoralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralni	elektoralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
elektoralno	elektoralny	adja		daw.
elektoralnych	elektoralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
elektoralnych	elektoralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoralnych	elektoralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoralny	elektoralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
elektoralny	elektoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
elektoralnym	elektoralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoralnym	elektoralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralnym	elektoralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
elektoralnymi	elektoralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
elektoracie	elektorat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoracie	elektorat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratach	elektorat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratami	elektorat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektorat	elektorat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektorat	elektorat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratem	elektorat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratom	elektorat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratowi	elektorat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratów	elektorat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoratu	elektorat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoraty	elektorat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoraty	elektorat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektoraty	elektorat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówien	elektorówna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównach	elektorówna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówna	elektorówna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównami	elektorówna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówną	elektorówna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównę	elektorówna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównie	elektorówna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównie	elektorówna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówno	elektorówna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorównom	elektorówna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówny	elektorówna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówny	elektorówna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówny	elektorówna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorówny	elektorówna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorscy	elektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektorska	elektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektorską	elektorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektorską	elektorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektorskich	elektorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektorskich	elektorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektorskich	elektorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektorskie	elektorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektorskie	elektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektorskie	elektorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektorskie	elektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektorskiego	elektorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektorskiego	elektorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektorskiej	elektorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektorskiej	elektorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektorskiej	elektorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektorski	elektorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektorski	elektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektorskiemu	elektorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektorskim	elektorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektorskim	elektorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektorskim	elektorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektorskimi	elektorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektorsko	elektorski	adja		
elektorsku	elektorski	adjp		
elektorsko	elektorsko	adv:pos		
elektorskościach	elektorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskościami	elektorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskością	elektorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskości	elektorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskościom	elektorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskość	elektorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorskość	elektorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwach	elektorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwa	elektorstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwa	elektorstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwa	elektorstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwa	elektorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwami	elektorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstw	elektorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwem	elektorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwie	elektorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwo	elektorstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwo	elektorstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwo	elektorstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwom	elektorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektorstwu	elektorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrecie	elektret	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrecie	elektret	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretach	elektret	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretami	elektret	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektret	elektret	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektret	elektret	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretem	elektret	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretom	elektret	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretowi	elektret	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretów	elektret	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektretu	elektret	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrety	elektret	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrety	elektret	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrety	elektret	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustycznie	elektroakustycznie	adv:pos		
elektroakustycznościach	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustycznościami	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustycznością	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczności	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustycznościom	elektroakustyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczność	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczność	elektroakustyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyczna	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroakustyczną	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroakustyczną	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroakustyczne	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustyczne	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustyczne	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustyczne	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustycznego	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroakustycznego	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustycznej	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroakustycznej	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroakustycznej	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroakustycznemu	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustyczni	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroakustyczno	elektroakustyczny	adja		
elektroakustycznych	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroakustycznych	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustycznych	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustyczny	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroakustyczny	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroakustycznym	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustycznym	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustycznym	elektroakustyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroakustycznymi	elektroakustyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroakustycy	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustycy	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykach	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyka	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyka	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykami	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyk	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykiem	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykom	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykowi	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyków	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyków	elektroakustyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyku	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyku	elektroakustyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyce	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyce	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykach	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyka	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykami	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyką	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyk	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykę	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyki	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustyko	elektroakustyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroakustykom	elektroakustyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizach	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanaliza	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizami	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizą	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanaliz	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizę	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizie	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizie	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizo	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizom	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizy	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizy	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizy	elektroanaliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroanalizy	elektroanaliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyce	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyce	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatykach	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyka	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatykami	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyką	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyk	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatykę	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyki	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyki	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyki	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyki	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatyko	elektroautomatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroautomatykom	elektroautomatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologiach	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologia	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologiami	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologią	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologie	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologie	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologie	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologię	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologii	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrobiologii	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologii	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologii	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologij	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrobiologio	elektrobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobiologiom	elektrobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodziec	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodziec	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcach	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźca	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcami	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźce	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźce	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźce	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcem	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcom	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcowi	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźców	elektrobodziec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcu	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcu	elektrobodziec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczościach	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczościami	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczością	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczości	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczościom	elektrobodźczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczość	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźczość	elektrobodźczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobodźcza	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrobodźczą	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrobodźczą	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrobodźcze	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobodźcze	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobodźcze	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźcze	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźczego	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrobodźczego	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźczej	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrobodźczej	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrobodźczej	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrobodźczemu	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźczo	elektrobodźczy	adja		
elektrobodźczych	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrobodźczych	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobodźczych	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobodźczy	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrobodźczy	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrobodźczy	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrobodźczym	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobodźczym	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźczym	elektrobodźczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrobodźczymi	elektrobodźczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrobusach	elektrobus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusach	elektrobus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusa	elektrobus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusa	elektrobus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusami	elektrobus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusami	elektrobus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobus	elektrobus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobus	elektrobus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobus	elektrobus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusem	elektrobus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusem	elektrobus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusie	elektrobus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusie	elektrobus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusie	elektrobus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusie	elektrobus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusom	elektrobus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusom	elektrobus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusowi	elektrobus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusowi	elektrobus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusów	elektrobus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusów	elektrobus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusu	elektrobus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrobusy	elektrobus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiach	elektrochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemia	elektrochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiami	elektrochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemią	elektrochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemie	elektrochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemie	elektrochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemie	elektrochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemię	elektrochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemii	elektrochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrochemii	elektrochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemii	elektrochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemii	elektrochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemij	elektrochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrochemio	elektrochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiom	elektrochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemicznościach	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemicznościami	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemicznością	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczności	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemicznościom	elektrochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczność	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczność	elektrochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiczna	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrochemiczną	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrochemiczną	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrochemiczne	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemiczne	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemiczne	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemiczne	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemicznego	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrochemicznego	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemicznej	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrochemicznej	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrochemicznej	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrochemicznemu	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemiczni	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrochemiczno	elektrochemiczny	adja		
elektrochemicznych	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrochemicznych	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemicznych	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemiczny	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrochemiczny	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrochemicznym	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemicznym	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemicznym	elektrochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochemicznymi	elektrochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochemicy	elektrochemik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemicy	elektrochemik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemikach	elektrochemik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemika	elektrochemik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemika	elektrochemik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemikami	elektrochemik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemik	elektrochemik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiki	elektrochemik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiki	elektrochemik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemikiem	elektrochemik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemikom	elektrochemik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemikowi	elektrochemik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemików	elektrochemik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemików	elektrochemik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiku	elektrochemik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochemiku	elektrochemik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiach	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgia	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiami	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgią	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgie	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgie	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgie	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgię	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgii	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrochirurgii	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgii	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgii	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgij	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrochirurgio	elektrochirurgia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiom	elektrochirurgia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgicznościach	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgicznościami	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgicznością	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczności	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgicznościom	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczność	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczność	elektrochirurgiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrochirurgiczna	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrochirurgiczną	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrochirurgiczną	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrochirurgiczne	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochirurgiczne	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochirurgiczne	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgiczne	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgicznego	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrochirurgicznego	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgicznej	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrochirurgicznej	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrochirurgicznej	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrochirurgicznemu	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgiczni	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrochirurgiczno	elektrochirurgiczny	adja		
elektrochirurgicznych	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrochirurgicznych	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochirurgicznych	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochirurgiczny	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrochirurgiczny	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrochirurgicznym	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrochirurgicznym	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgicznym	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrochirurgicznymi	elektrochirurgiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłowniach	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownia	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniami	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownią	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownie	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownie	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownie	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowni	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowni	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowni	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowni	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownię	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownio	elektrociepłownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniom	elektrociepłownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczościach	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczościami	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczością	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczości	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczościom	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczość	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniczość	elektrociepłowniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownicza	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrociepłowniczą	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrociepłowniczą	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrociepłownicze	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłownicze	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłownicze	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłownicze	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczego	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczego	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczej	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrociepłowniczej	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrociepłowniczej	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrociepłowniczemu	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczo	elektrociepłowniczy	adja		
elektrociepłowniczych	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrociepłowniczych	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłowniczych	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłowniczy	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrociepłowniczy	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrociepłowniczy	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrociepłowniczym	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłowniczym	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczym	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrociepłowniczymi	elektrociepłowniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrociepłownicy	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownicy	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownikach	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownika	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownika	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownikami	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownik	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniki	elektrociepłownik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniki	elektrociepłownik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownikiem	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownikom	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłownikowi	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowników	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowników	elektrociepłownik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniku	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrociepłowniku	elektrociepłownik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodach	elektroda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroda	elektroda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodami	elektroda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodą	elektroda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrod	elektroda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodę	elektroda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodo	elektroda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodom	elektroda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrody	elektroda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrody	elektroda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrody	elektroda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrody	elektroda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodzie	elektroda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodzie	elektroda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyce	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyce	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostykach	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyka	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostykami	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyką	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyk	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostykę	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyki	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyki	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyki	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyki	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostyko	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodiagnostykom	elektrodiagnostyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializach	elektrodializa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializa	elektrodializa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializami	elektrodializa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializą	elektrodializa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializ	elektrodializa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializę	elektrodializa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializie	elektrodializa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializie	elektrodializa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializo	elektrodializa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializom	elektrodializa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializy	elektrodializa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializy	elektrodializa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializy	elektrodializa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodializy	elektrodializa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatnia	elektrododatni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrododatnią	elektrododatni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrododatnią	elektrododatni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrododatnich	elektrododatni	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrododatnich	elektrododatni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnich	elektrododatni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnie	elektrododatni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnie	elektrododatni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnie	elektrododatni	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatnie	elektrododatni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatniego	elektrododatni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrododatniego	elektrododatni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatniej	elektrododatni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrododatniej	elektrododatni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrododatniej	elektrododatni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrododatni	elektrododatni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrododatni	elektrododatni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrododatni	elektrododatni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrododatniemu	elektrododatni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatnim	elektrododatni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnim	elektrododatni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatnim	elektrododatni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrododatnimi	elektrododatni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrododatnio	elektrododatni	adja		
elektrododatniościach	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniościami	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniością	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniości	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniościom	elektrododatniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniość	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrododatniość	elektrododatniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowościach	elektrodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowościami	elektrodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowością	elektrodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowości	elektrodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowościom	elektrodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowość	elektrodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowość	elektrodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodowa	elektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrodową	elektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrodową	elektrodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrodowe	elektrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodowe	elektrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodowe	elektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowe	elektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowego	elektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrodowego	elektrodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowej	elektrodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrodowej	elektrodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrodowej	elektrodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrodowemu	elektrodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowi	elektrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrodowo	elektrodowy	adja		
elektrodowych	elektrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrodowych	elektrodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodowych	elektrodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodowy	elektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrodowy	elektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrodowym	elektrodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodowym	elektrodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowym	elektrodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodowymi	elektrodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodrukach	elektrodruk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodrukami	elektrodruk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruk	elektrodruk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruk	elektrodruk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruki	elektrodruk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruki	elektrodruk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruki	elektrodruk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodrukiem	elektrodruk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodrukom	elektrodruk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodrukowi	elektrodruk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruków	elektrodruk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruku	elektrodruk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruku	elektrodruk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodruku	elektrodruk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamicznościach	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamicznościami	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamicznością	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczności	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamicznościom	elektrodynamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczność	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczność	elektrodynamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiczna	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrodynamiczną	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrodynamiczną	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrodynamiczne	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamiczne	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamiczne	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamiczne	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamicznego	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrodynamicznego	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamicznej	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrodynamicznej	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrodynamicznej	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrodynamicznemu	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamiczni	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrodynamiczno	elektrodynamiczny	adja		
elektrodynamicznych	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrodynamicznych	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamicznych	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamiczny	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrodynamiczny	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrodynamicznym	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamicznym	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamicznym	elektrodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrodynamicznymi	elektrodynamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrodynamice	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamice	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamikach	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamika	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamikami	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiką	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamik	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamikę	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiki	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiki	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiki	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiki	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamiko	elektrodynamika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamikom	elektrodynamika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrach	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrami	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometr	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometr	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrem	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrom	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrowi	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrów	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometru	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometry	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometry	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometry	elektrodynamometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrze	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrodynamometrze	elektrodynamometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografach	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografami	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograf	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograf	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografem	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografie	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografie	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografom	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografowi	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografów	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografu	elektroencefalograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografy	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografy	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografy	elektroencefalograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalografiach	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografia	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografiami	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografią	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografie	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografie	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografie	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografię	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografii	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
elektroencefalografii	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografii	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografii	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografij	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
elektroencefalografio	elektroencefalografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalografiom	elektroencefalografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalograficznościach	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficznościami	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficznością	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzności	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficznościom	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzność	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzność	elektroencefalograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroencefalograficzna	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficzną	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficzną	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficzne	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalograficzne	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalograficzne	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficzne	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficznego	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroencefalograficznego	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficznej	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficznej	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficznej	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroencefalograficznemu	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficzni	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroencefalograficzno	elektroencefalograficzny	adja		
elektroencefalograficznych	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroencefalograficznych	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalograficznych	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalograficzny	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroencefalograficzny	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroencefalograficznym	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalograficznym	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficznym	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroencefalograficznymi	elektroencefalograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroencefalogramach	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramami	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogram	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogram	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramem	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramie	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramie	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramom	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramowi	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramów	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramu	elektroencefalogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramy	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramy	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroencefalogramy	elektroencefalogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektroenergetycznościach	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetycznościami	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetycznością	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczności	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetycznościom	elektroenergetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczność	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczność	elektroenergetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyczna	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroenergetyczną	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroenergetyczną	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroenergetyczne	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetyczne	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetyczne	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetyczne	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetycznego	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroenergetycznego	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetycznej	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroenergetycznej	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroenergetycznej	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroenergetycznemu	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetyczni	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroenergetyczno	elektroenergetyczny	adja		
elektroenergetycznych	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroenergetycznych	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetycznych	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetyczny	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroenergetyczny	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroenergetycznym	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetycznym	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetycznym	elektroenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroenergetycznymi	elektroenergetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroenergetyce	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyce	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetykach	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyka	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetykami	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyką	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyk	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetykę	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyki	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyki	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyki	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyki	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetyko	elektroenergetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroenergetykom	elektroenergetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozjach	elektroerozja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozja	elektroerozja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozjami	elektroerozja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozją	elektroerozja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozje	elektroerozja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozje	elektroerozja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozje	elektroerozja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozję	elektroerozja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozji	elektroerozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektroerozji	elektroerozja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozji	elektroerozja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozji	elektroerozja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozjo	elektroerozja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozjom	elektroerozja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyj	elektroerozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektroerozyjnościach	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjnościami	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjnością	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjności	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjnościom	elektroerozyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjność	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjność	elektroerozyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroerozyjna	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroerozyjną	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroerozyjną	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroerozyjne	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroerozyjne	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroerozyjne	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjne	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjnego	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroerozyjnego	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjnej	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroerozyjnej	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroerozyjnej	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroerozyjnemu	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjni	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroerozyjno	elektroerozyjny	adja		
elektroerozyjnych	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroerozyjnych	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroerozyjnych	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroerozyjny	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroerozyjny	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroerozyjnym	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroerozyjnym	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjnym	elektroerozyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroerozyjnymi	elektroerozyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofiltrach	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrami	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltr	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltr	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrem	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrom	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrowi	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrów	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltru	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltry	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltry	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltry	elektrofiltr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrze	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofiltrze	elektrofiltr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjolodzy	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjolodzy	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologach	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologa	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologa	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologami	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjolog	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologi	elektrofizjolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologi	elektrofizjolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiem	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologom	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologowie	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologowie	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologowi	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologów	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologów	elektrofizjolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologu	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologu	elektrofizjolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiach	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologia	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiami	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologią	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologie	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologie	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologie	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologię	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologii	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrofizjologii	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologii	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologii	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologij	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrofizjologio	elektrofizjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiom	elektrofizjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologicznie	elektrofizjologicznie	adv:pos		
elektrofizjologicznościach	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologicznościami	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologicznością	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczności	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologicznościom	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczność	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczność	elektrofizjologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofizjologiczna	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrofizjologiczną	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrofizjologiczną	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrofizjologiczne	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofizjologiczne	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofizjologiczne	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologiczne	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologicznego	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrofizjologicznego	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologicznej	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrofizjologicznej	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrofizjologicznej	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrofizjologicznemu	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologiczni	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrofizjologiczno	elektrofizjologiczny	adja		
elektrofizjologicznych	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrofizjologicznych	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofizjologicznych	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofizjologiczny	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrofizjologiczny	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrofizjologicznym	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofizjologicznym	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologicznym	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofizjologicznymi	elektrofizjologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofonach	elektrofon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonami	elektrofon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofon	elektrofon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofon	elektrofon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonem	elektrofon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonie	elektrofon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonie	elektrofon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonom	elektrofon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonowi	elektrofon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonów	elektrofon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonu	elektrofon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofony	elektrofon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofony	elektrofon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofony	elektrofon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofoniach	elektrofonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonia	elektrofonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofoniami	elektrofonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonią	elektrofonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonie	elektrofonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonie	elektrofonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonie	elektrofonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonię	elektrofonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonii	elektrofonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrofonii	elektrofonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonii	elektrofonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonii	elektrofonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofonij	elektrofonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrofonio	elektrofonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofoniom	elektrofonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforach	elektrofor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofora	elektrofor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforami	elektrofor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofor	elektrofor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofor	elektrofor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforem	elektrofor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforom	elektrofor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforowi	elektrofor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforów	elektrofor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforu	elektrofor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofory	elektrofor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofory	elektrofor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofory	elektrofor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforze	elektrofor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforze	elektrofor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezach	elektroforeza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforeza	elektroforeza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezami	elektroforeza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezą	elektroforeza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforez	elektroforeza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezę	elektroforeza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezie	elektroforeza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezie	elektroforeza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezo	elektroforeza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezom	elektroforeza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezy	elektroforeza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezy	elektroforeza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezy	elektroforeza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroforezy	elektroforeza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografiach	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografia	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografiami	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografią	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografie	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografie	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografie	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografię	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografii	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrofotografii	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografii	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografii	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografij	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrofotografio	elektrofotografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotografiom	elektrofotografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficznościach	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficznościami	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficznością	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzności	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficznościom	elektrofotograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzność	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzność	elektrofotograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrofotograficzna	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrofotograficzną	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrofotograficzną	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrofotograficzne	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofotograficzne	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofotograficzne	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficzne	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficznego	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrofotograficznego	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficznej	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrofotograficznej	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrofotograficznej	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrofotograficznemu	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficzni	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrofotograficzno	elektrofotograficzny	adja		
elektrofotograficznych	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrofotograficznych	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofotograficznych	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofotograficzny	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrofotograficzny	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrofotograficznym	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrofotograficznym	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficznym	elektrofotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrofotograficznymi	elektrofotograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrografach	elektrograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografami	elektrograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrograf	elektrograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrograf	elektrograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografem	elektrograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografie	elektrograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografie	elektrograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografom	elektrograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografowi	elektrograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografów	elektrograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografu	elektrograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografy	elektrograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografy	elektrograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografy	elektrograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografiach	elektrografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografia	elektrografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografiami	elektrografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografią	elektrografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografie	elektrografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografie	elektrografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografie	elektrografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografię	elektrografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografii	elektrografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrografii	elektrografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografii	elektrografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografii	elektrografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografij	elektrografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrografio	elektrografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrografiom	elektrografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejnościach	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejnościami	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejnością	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejności	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejnościom	elektrogrzejność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejność	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejność	elektrogrzejność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrogrzejna	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrogrzejną	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrogrzejną	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrogrzejne	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrogrzejne	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrogrzejne	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejne	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejnego	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrogrzejnego	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejnej	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrogrzejnej	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrogrzejnej	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrogrzejnemu	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejni	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrogrzejno	elektrogrzejny	adja		
elektrogrzejnych	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrogrzejnych	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrogrzejnych	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrogrzejny	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrogrzejny	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrogrzejnym	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrogrzejnym	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejnym	elektrogrzejny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrogrzejnymi	elektrogrzejny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroindukcjach	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcja	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcjami	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcją	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcje	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcje	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcje	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcję	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcji	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektroindukcji	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcji	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcji	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcjo	elektroindukcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcjom	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroindukcyj	elektroindukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektroinstalatorach	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatora	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatora	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorami	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalator	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorem	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorom	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorowi	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorów	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorów	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatory	elektroinstalator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatory	elektroinstalator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorze	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorze	elektroinstalator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorzy	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroinstalatorzy	elektroinstalator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowościach	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowościami	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowością	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowości	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowościom	elektroiskrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowość	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowość	elektroiskrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroiskrowa	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroiskrową	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroiskrową	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroiskrowe	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroiskrowe	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroiskrowe	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowe	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowego	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroiskrowego	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowej	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroiskrowej	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroiskrowej	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroiskrowemu	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowi	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroiskrowo	elektroiskrowy	adja		
elektroiskrowych	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroiskrowych	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroiskrowych	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroiskrowy	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroiskrowy	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroiskrowym	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroiskrowym	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowym	elektroiskrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroiskrowymi	elektroiskrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjnościach	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjnościami	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjnością	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjności	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjnościom	elektroizolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjność	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjność	elektroizolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroizolacyjna	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjną	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjną	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjne	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjne	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjne	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjne	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjnego	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroizolacyjnego	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjnej	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjnej	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjnej	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroizolacyjnemu	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjni	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroizolacyjno	elektroizolacyjny	adja		
elektroizolacyjnych	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroizolacyjnych	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjnych	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjny	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroizolacyjny	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroizolacyjnym	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroizolacyjnym	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjnym	elektroizolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroizolacyjnymi	elektroizolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrojemnościach	elektrojemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemnościami	elektrojemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemnością	elektrojemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemności	elektrojemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemnościom	elektrojemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemność	elektrojemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrojemność	elektrojemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografach	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografami	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograf	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograf	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografem	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografie	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografie	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografom	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografowi	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografów	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografu	elektrokardiograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografy	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografy	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografy	elektrokardiograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiografiach	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografia	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografiami	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografią	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografie	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografie	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografie	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografię	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografii	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
elektrokardiografii	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografii	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografii	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografij	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
elektrokardiografio	elektrokardiografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiografiom	elektrokardiografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiograficznie	elektrokardiograficznie	adv:pos		
elektrokardiograficznościach	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficznościami	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficznością	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzności	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficznościom	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzność	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzność	elektrokardiograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokardiograficzna	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficzną	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficzną	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficzne	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiograficzne	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiograficzne	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficzne	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficznego	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrokardiograficznego	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficznej	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficznej	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficznej	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrokardiograficznemu	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficzni	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrokardiograficzno	elektrokardiograficzny	adja		
elektrokardiograficznych	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrokardiograficznych	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiograficznych	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiograficzny	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrokardiograficzny	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrokardiograficznym	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiograficznym	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficznym	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokardiograficznymi	elektrokardiograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokardiogramach	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramami	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogram	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogram	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramem	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramie	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramie	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramom	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramowi	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramów	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramu	elektrokardiogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramy	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramy	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokardiogramy	elektrokardiogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyce	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyce	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustykach	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyka	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustykami	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyką	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyk	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustykę	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyki	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyki	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyki	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyki	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustyko	elektrokaustyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokaustykom	elektrokaustyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrokauterach	elektrokauter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokautera	elektrokauter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterami	elektrokauter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauter	elektrokauter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauter	elektrokauter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterem	elektrokauter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterom	elektrokauter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterowi	elektrokauter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterów	elektrokauter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauteru	elektrokauter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokautery	elektrokauter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokautery	elektrokauter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokautery	elektrokauter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterze	elektrokauter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokauterze	elektrokauter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetycznościach	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetycznościami	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetycznością	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczności	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetycznościom	elektrokinetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczność	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczność	elektrokinetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyczna	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrokinetyczną	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrokinetyczną	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrokinetyczne	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetyczne	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetyczne	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetyczne	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetycznego	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrokinetycznego	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetycznej	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrokinetycznej	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrokinetycznej	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrokinetycznemu	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetyczni	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrokinetyczno	elektrokinetyczny	adja		
elektrokinetycznych	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrokinetycznych	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetycznych	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetyczny	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrokinetyczny	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrokinetycznym	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetycznym	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetycznym	elektrokinetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrokinetycznymi	elektrokinetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrokinetyce	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyce	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetykach	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyka	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetykami	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyką	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyk	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetykę	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyki	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyki	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyki	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyki	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetyko	elektrokinetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokinetykom	elektrokinetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacjach	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacja	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacjami	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacją	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacje	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacje	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacje	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulację	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacji	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrokoagulacji	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacji	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacji	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacjo	elektrokoagulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacjom	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokoagulacyj	elektrokoagulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrokorundach	elektrokorund	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundami	elektrokorund	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorund	elektrokorund	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorund	elektrokorund	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundem	elektrokorund	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundom	elektrokorund	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundowi	elektrokorund	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundów	elektrokorund	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundu	elektrokorund	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundy	elektrokorund	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundy	elektrokorund	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundy	elektrokorund	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundzie	elektrokorund	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrokorundzie	elektrokorund	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolicie	elektrolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolicie	elektrolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitach	elektrolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitami	elektrolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolit	elektrolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolit	elektrolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitem	elektrolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitom	elektrolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitowi	elektrolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitów	elektrolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitu	elektrolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolity	elektrolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolity	elektrolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolity	elektrolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
elektrolitowościach	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowościami	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowością	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowości	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowościom	elektrolitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowość	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowość	elektrolitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitowa	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrolitową	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrolitową	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrolitowe	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitowe	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitowe	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowe	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowego	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrolitowego	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowej	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrolitowej	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrolitowej	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrolitowemu	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowi	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrolitowo	elektrolitowy	adja		
elektrolitowych	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrolitowych	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitowych	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitowy	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrolitowy	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrolitowym	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitowym	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowym	elektrolitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitowymi	elektrolitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitycznie	elektrolitycznie	adv:pos		
elektrolitycznościach	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitycznościami	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitycznością	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczności	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolitycznościom	elektrolityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczność	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczność	elektrolityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolityczna	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrolityczną	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrolityczną	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrolityczne	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolityczne	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolityczne	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrolityczne	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitycznego	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrolitycznego	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitycznej	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrolitycznej	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrolitycznej	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrolitycznemu	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolityczni	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrolityczno	elektrolityczny	adja		
elektrolitycznych	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrolitycznych	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitycznych	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolityczny	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrolityczny	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrolitycznym	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolitycznym	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitycznym	elektrolityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrolitycznymi	elektrolityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrolizach	elektroliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroliza	elektroliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizami	elektroliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizą	elektroliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroliz	elektroliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizę	elektroliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizie	elektroliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizie	elektroliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizo	elektroliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizom	elektroliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizy	elektroliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizy	elektroliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizy	elektroliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizy	elektroliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerach	elektrolizer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizera	elektrolizer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerami	elektrolizer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizer	elektrolizer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizer	elektrolizer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerem	elektrolizer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerom	elektrolizer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerowi	elektrolizer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerów	elektrolizer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizery	elektrolizer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizery	elektrolizer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizery	elektrolizer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerze	elektrolizer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizerze	elektrolizer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolizować	elektrolizować	inf:imperf		
elektrolizowaliby	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowalibyście	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowalibyśmy	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowali	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
elektrolizowali	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowaliście	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowaliśmy	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałaby	elektrolizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałabym	elektrolizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałabyś	elektrolizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowała	elektrolizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
elektrolizowała	elektrolizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałam	elektrolizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałaś	elektrolizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowałby	elektrolizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałbym	elektrolizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałbyś	elektrolizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektrolizował	elektrolizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
elektrolizował	elektrolizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałem	elektrolizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałeś	elektrolizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowałoby	elektrolizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałobym	elektrolizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałobyś	elektrolizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowało	elektrolizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
elektrolizowało	elektrolizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałom	elektrolizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowałoś	elektrolizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowałyby	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałybyście	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowałybyśmy	elektrolizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowały	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
elektrolizowały	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektrolizowałyście	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektrolizowałyśmy	elektrolizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektrolizowana	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaną	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowane	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowane	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanego	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanego	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanej	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanemu	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaniach	elektrolizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowania	elektrolizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowania	elektrolizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaniami	elektrolizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanie	elektrolizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowani	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaniem	elektrolizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaniom	elektrolizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowaniu	elektrolizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowano	elektrolizować	imps:imperf		
elektrolizowanych	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanych	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowany	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowany	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanym	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanym	elektrolizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowanymi	elektrolizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizowań	elektrolizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizująca	elektrolizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującą	elektrolizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujące	elektrolizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujące	elektrolizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującego	elektrolizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującego	elektrolizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującej	elektrolizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektrolizując	elektrolizować	pcon:imperf		
elektrolizującemu	elektrolizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizująco	elektrolizować	pacta		
elektrolizujących	elektrolizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujących	elektrolizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujący	elektrolizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujący	elektrolizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizujący	elektrolizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującym	elektrolizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującym	elektrolizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektrolizującymi	elektrolizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektrolizują	elektrolizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
elektrolizujcie	elektrolizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
elektrolizujecie	elektrolizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
elektrolizuje	elektrolizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
elektrolizuj	elektrolizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
elektrolizujemy	elektrolizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
elektrolizujesz	elektrolizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
elektrolizuję	elektrolizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
elektrolizujmy	elektrolizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elektrolokacjach	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacja	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacjami	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacją	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacje	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacje	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacje	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokację	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacji	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrolokacji	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacji	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacji	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacjo	elektrolokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacjom	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolokacyj	elektrolokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrolocie	elektrolot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolocie	elektrolot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotach	elektrolot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotami	elektrolot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolot	elektrolot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolot	elektrolot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotem	elektrolot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotom	elektrolot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotowi	elektrolot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotów	elektrolot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrolotu	elektrolot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroloty	elektrolot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroloty	elektrolot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroloty	elektrolot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksach	elektroluks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksa	elektroluks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksami	elektroluks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluks	elektroluks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluks	elektroluks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksem	elektroluks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksie	elektroluks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksie	elektroluks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksom	elektroluks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksowi	elektroluks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksów	elektroluks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksu	elektroluks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksy	elektroluks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksy	elektroluks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluksy	elektroluks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencjach	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencja	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencjami	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencją	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencje	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencje	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencje	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencję	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencji	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektroluminescencji	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencji	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencji	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencjo	elektroluminescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencjom	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyj	elektroluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektroluminescencyjnościach	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjnościami	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjnością	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjności	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjnościom	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjność	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjność	elektroluminescencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroluminescencyjna	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjną	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjną	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjne	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjne	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjne	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjne	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnego	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnego	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnej	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnej	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnej	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnemu	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjni	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroluminescencyjno	elektroluminescencyjny	adja		
elektroluminescencyjnych	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnych	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnych	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjny	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjny	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnym	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnym	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnym	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroluminescencyjnymi	elektroluminescencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnesach	elektromagnes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesami	elektromagnes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnes	elektromagnes	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnes	elektromagnes	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesem	elektromagnes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesie	elektromagnes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesie	elektromagnes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesom	elektromagnes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesowi	elektromagnes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesów	elektromagnes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesu	elektromagnes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesy	elektromagnes	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesy	elektromagnes	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnesy	elektromagnes	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetycznie	elektromagnetycznie	adv:pos		
elektromagnetycznościach	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetycznościami	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetycznością	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczności	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetycznościom	elektromagnetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczność	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczność	elektromagnetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromagnetyczna	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromagnetyczną	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromagnetyczną	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromagnetyczne	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetyczne	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetyczne	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetyczne	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetycznego	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromagnetycznego	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetycznej	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromagnetycznej	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromagnetycznej	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromagnetycznemu	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetyczni	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromagnetyczno	elektromagnetyczny	adja		
elektromagnetycznych	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromagnetycznych	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetycznych	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetyczny	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromagnetyczny	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromagnetycznym	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetycznym	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetycznym	elektromagnetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromagnetycznymi	elektromagnetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromagnetyzmach	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmami	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzm	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzm	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmem	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmie	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmie	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmom	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmowi	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmów	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmu	elektromagnetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmy	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmy	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromagnetyzmy	elektromagnetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
elektromaszynowościach	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowościami	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowością	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowości	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowościom	elektromaszynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowość	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowość	elektromaszynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromaszynowa	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromaszynową	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromaszynową	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromaszynowe	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromaszynowe	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromaszynowe	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowe	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowego	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromaszynowego	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowej	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromaszynowej	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromaszynowej	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromaszynowemu	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowi	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromaszynowo	elektromaszynowy	adja		
elektromaszynowych	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromaszynowych	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromaszynowych	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromaszynowy	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromaszynowy	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromaszynowym	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromaszynowym	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowym	elektromaszynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromaszynowymi	elektromaszynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechanicznie	elektromechanicznie	adv:pos		
elektromechanicznościach	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanicznościami	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanicznością	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczności	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanicznościom	elektromechaniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczność	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczność	elektromechaniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniczna	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromechaniczną	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromechaniczną	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromechaniczne	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechaniczne	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechaniczne	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromechaniczne	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromechanicznego	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromechanicznego	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromechanicznej	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromechanicznej	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromechanicznej	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromechanicznemu	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromechaniczni	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromechaniczno	elektromechaniczny	adja		
elektromechanicznych	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromechanicznych	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechanicznych	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechaniczny	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromechaniczny	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromechanicznym	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechanicznym	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromechanicznym	elektromechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromechanicznymi	elektromechaniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromechanicy	elektromechanik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanicy	elektromechanik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikach	elektromechanik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanika	elektromechanik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanika	elektromechanik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikami	elektromechanik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanik	elektromechanik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikiem	elektromechanik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikom	elektromechanik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikowi	elektromechanik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaników	elektromechanik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaników	elektromechanik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniku	elektromechanik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniku	elektromechanik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanice	elektromechanika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanice	elektromechanika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikach	elektromechanika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanika	elektromechanika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikami	elektromechanika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniką	elektromechanika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanik	elektromechanika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikę	elektromechanika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniki	elektromechanika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechaniko	elektromechanika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromechanikom	elektromechanika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynach	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyna	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynami	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyną	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyn	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynę	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynie	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynie	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyno	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycynom	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyny	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyny	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyny	elektromedycyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycyny	elektromedycyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycznościach	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycznościami	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycznością	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczności	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedycznościom	elektromedyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczność	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczność	elektromedyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromedyczna	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromedyczną	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromedyczną	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromedyczne	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromedyczne	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromedyczne	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromedyczne	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromedycznego	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromedycznego	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromedycznej	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromedycznej	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromedycznej	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromedycznemu	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromedyczni	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromedyczno	elektromedyczny	adja		
elektromedycznych	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromedycznych	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromedycznych	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromedyczny	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromedyczny	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromedycznym	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromedycznym	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromedycznym	elektromedyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromedycznymi	elektromedyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgiach	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgia	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiami	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgią	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgie	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgie	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgie	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgię	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgii	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrometalurgii	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgii	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgii	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgij	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrometalurgio	elektrometalurgia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiom	elektrometalurgia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgicznie	elektrometalurgicznie	adv:pos		
elektrometalurgicznościach	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgicznościami	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgicznością	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczności	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgicznościom	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczność	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczność	elektrometalurgiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometalurgiczna	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrometalurgiczną	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrometalurgiczną	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrometalurgiczne	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgiczne	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgiczne	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgiczne	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgicznego	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrometalurgicznego	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgicznej	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrometalurgicznej	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrometalurgicznej	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrometalurgicznemu	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgiczni	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrometalurgiczno	elektrometalurgiczny	adja		
elektrometalurgicznych	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrometalurgicznych	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgicznych	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgiczny	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrometalurgiczny	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrometalurgicznym	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometalurgicznym	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgicznym	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometalurgicznymi	elektrometalurgiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometeorach	elektrometeor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorami	elektrometeor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeor	elektrometeor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeor	elektrometeor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorem	elektrometeor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorom	elektrometeor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorowi	elektrometeor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorów	elektrometeor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeoru	elektrometeor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeory	elektrometeor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeory	elektrometeor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeory	elektrometeor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorze	elektrometeor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometeorze	elektrometeor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrach	elektrometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrami	elektrometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometr	elektrometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometr	elektrometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrem	elektrometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrom	elektrometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrowi	elektrometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrów	elektrometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometru	elektrometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometry	elektrometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometry	elektrometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometry	elektrometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrze	elektrometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrze	elektrometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometriach	elektrometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometria	elektrometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometriami	elektrometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrią	elektrometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrie	elektrometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrie	elektrometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrie	elektrometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrię	elektrometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrii	elektrometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrometrii	elektrometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrii	elektrometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrii	elektrometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrio	elektrometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometriom	elektrometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryj	elektrometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrometrycznościach	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrycznościami	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrycznością	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczności	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometrycznościom	elektrometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczność	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczność	elektrometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrometryczna	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrometryczną	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrometryczną	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrometryczne	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometryczne	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometryczne	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrometryczne	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrometrycznego	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrometrycznego	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometrycznej	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrometrycznej	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrometrycznej	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrometrycznemu	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometryczni	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrometryczno	elektrometryczny	adja		
elektrometrycznych	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrometrycznych	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometrycznych	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometryczny	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrometryczny	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrometrycznym	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrometrycznym	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometrycznym	elektrometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrometrycznymi	elektrometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiografach	elektromiograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografami	elektromiograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograf	elektromiograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograf	elektromiograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografem	elektromiograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografie	elektromiograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografie	elektromiograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografom	elektromiograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografowi	elektromiograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografów	elektromiograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografu	elektromiograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografy	elektromiograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografy	elektromiograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografy	elektromiograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografiach	elektromiografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografia	elektromiografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografiami	elektromiografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografią	elektromiografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografie	elektromiografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografie	elektromiografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografie	elektromiografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografię	elektromiografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografii	elektromiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektromiografii	elektromiografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografii	elektromiografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografii	elektromiografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografij	elektromiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektromiografio	elektromiografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiografiom	elektromiografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficznościach	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficznościami	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficznością	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzności	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficznościom	elektromiograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzność	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzność	elektromiograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiograficzna	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromiograficzną	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromiograficzną	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromiograficzne	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiograficzne	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiograficzne	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficzne	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficznego	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromiograficznego	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficznej	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromiograficznej	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromiograficznej	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromiograficznemu	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficzni	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromiograficzno	elektromiograficzny	adja		
elektromiograficznych	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromiograficznych	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiograficznych	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiograficzny	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromiograficzny	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromiograficznym	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiograficznym	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficznym	elektromiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromiograficznymi	elektromiograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromiogramach	elektromiogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramami	elektromiogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogram	elektromiogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogram	elektromiogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramem	elektromiogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramie	elektromiogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramie	elektromiogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramom	elektromiogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramowi	elektromiogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramów	elektromiogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramu	elektromiogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramy	elektromiogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramy	elektromiogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromiogramy	elektromiogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilach	elektromobil	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilami	elektromobil	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobile	elektromobil	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobile	elektromobil	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobile	elektromobil	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobil	elektromobil	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobil	elektromobil	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilem	elektromobil	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobili	elektromobil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilom	elektromobil	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilowi	elektromobil	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilów	elektromobil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilu	elektromobil	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilu	elektromobil	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromobilu	elektromobil	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterach	elektromonter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromontera	elektromonter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromontera	elektromonter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterami	elektromonter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonter	elektromonter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterem	elektromonter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterom	elektromonter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterowi	elektromonter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterów	elektromonter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterów	elektromonter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromontery	elektromonter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektromontery	elektromonter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterze	elektromonter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterze	elektromonter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterzy	elektromonter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterzy	elektromonter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterce	elektromonterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterce	elektromonterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterek	elektromonterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterkach	elektromonterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterka	elektromonterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterkami	elektromonterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterką	elektromonterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterkę	elektromonterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterki	elektromonterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterki	elektromonterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterki	elektromonterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterki	elektromonterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterko	elektromonterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromonterkom	elektromonterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorach	elektromotor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorami	elektromotor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotor	elektromotor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotor	elektromotor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorem	elektromotor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorom	elektromotor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowi	elektromotor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorów	elektromotor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoru	elektromotor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotory	elektromotor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotory	elektromotor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotory	elektromotor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorze	elektromotor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorze	elektromotor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcach	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcach	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowca	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowca	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowca	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcami	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcami	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowce	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcem	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcem	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcom	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcom	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcowi	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcowi	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowców	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowców	elektromotorowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcu	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcu	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowcu	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowcu	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowiec	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorowiec	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elektromotorowiec	elektromotorowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorycznościach	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorycznościami	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorycznością	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczności	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotorycznościom	elektromotoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczność	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczność	elektromotoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektromotoryczna	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektromotoryczną	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektromotoryczną	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektromotoryczne	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromotoryczne	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektromotoryczne	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromotoryczne	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektromotorycznego	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektromotorycznego	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromotorycznej	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektromotorycznej	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektromotorycznej	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektromotorycznemu	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromotoryczni	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromotoryczno	elektromotoryczny	adja		
elektromotorycznych	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektromotorycznych	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromotorycznych	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromotoryczny	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektromotoryczny	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektromotorycznym	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektromotorycznym	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromotorycznym	elektromotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektromotorycznymi	elektromotoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronach	elektron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronami	elektron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektron	elektron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektron	elektron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronem	elektron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronie	elektron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronie	elektron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronom	elektron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronowi	elektron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronów	elektron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronu	elektron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektrony	elektron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektrony	elektron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektrony	elektron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
elektronarzędziach	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzia	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzia	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzia	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzia	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędziami	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzie	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzie	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzie	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędzi	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędziem	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędziom	elektronarzędzie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędziu	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronarzędziu	elektronarzędzie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywnościach	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywnościami	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywnością	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywności	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywnościom	elektronegatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywność	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronegatywność	elektronegatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografach	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografami	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurograf	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurograf	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografem	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografie	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografie	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografom	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografowi	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografów	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografu	elektroneurograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografy	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografy	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroneurografy	elektroneurograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronicznie	elektronicznie	adv:pos		
elektronicznościach	elektroniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronicznościami	elektroniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronicznością	elektroniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczności	elektroniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronicznościom	elektroniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczność	elektroniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczność	elektroniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniczna	elektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroniczną	elektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroniczną	elektroniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroniczne	elektroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroniczne	elektroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroniczne	elektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroniczne	elektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektronicznego	elektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektronicznego	elektroniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronicznej	elektroniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektronicznej	elektroniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektronicznej	elektroniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektronicznemu	elektroniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroniczni	elektroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroniczno	elektroniczny	adja		
elektronicznych	elektroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektronicznych	elektroniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronicznych	elektroniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroniczny	elektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroniczny	elektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektronicznym	elektroniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronicznym	elektroniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronicznym	elektroniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronicznymi	elektroniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronicy	elektronik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronicy	elektronik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikach	elektronik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronika	elektronik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronika	elektronik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikami	elektronik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronik	elektronik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikiem	elektronik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikom	elektronik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikowi	elektronik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroników	elektronik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroników	elektronik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniku	elektronik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniku	elektronik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektronice	elektronika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronice	elektronika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikach	elektronika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronika	elektronika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikami	elektronika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniką	elektronika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronik	elektronika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikę	elektronika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniki	elektronika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroniko	elektronika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronikom	elektronika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacjach	elektronizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacja	elektronizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacjami	elektronizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacją	elektronizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacje	elektronizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacje	elektronizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacje	elektronizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizację	elektronizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacji	elektronizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektronizacji	elektronizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacji	elektronizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacji	elektronizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacjo	elektronizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacjom	elektronizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronizacyj	elektronizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektronografiach	elektronografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografia	elektronografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografiami	elektronografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografią	elektronografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografie	elektronografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografie	elektronografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografie	elektronografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografię	elektronografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografii	elektronografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektronografii	elektronografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografii	elektronografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografii	elektronografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografij	elektronografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektronografio	elektronografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronografiom	elektronografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencjach	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencja	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencjami	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencją	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencje	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencje	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencje	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencję	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencji	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektronoluminescencji	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencji	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencji	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencjo	elektronoluminescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencjom	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronoluminescencyj	elektronoluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektronowolcie	elektronowolt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolcie	elektronowolt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltach	elektronowolt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolta	elektronowolt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltami	elektronowolt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolt	elektronowolt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolt	elektronowolt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltem	elektronowolt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltom	elektronowolt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltowi	elektronowolt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowoltów	elektronowolt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolty	elektronowolt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolty	elektronowolt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowolty	elektronowolt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowościach	elektronowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowościami	elektronowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowością	elektronowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowości	elektronowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowościom	elektronowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowość	elektronowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowość	elektronowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronowa	elektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektronową	elektronowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektronową	elektronowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektronowe	elektronowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektronowe	elektronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektronowe	elektronowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektronowe	elektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektronowego	elektronowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektronowego	elektronowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronowej	elektronowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektronowej	elektronowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektronowej	elektronowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektronowemu	elektronowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronowi	elektronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektronowo	elektronowy	adja		
elektronowych	elektronowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektronowych	elektronowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronowych	elektronowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronowy	elektronowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektronowy	elektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektronowym	elektronowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronowym	elektronowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronowym	elektronowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektronowymi	elektronowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektronówce	elektronówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówce	elektronówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówek	elektronówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówkach	elektronówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówka	elektronówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówkami	elektronówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówką	elektronówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówkę	elektronówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówki	elektronówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówki	elektronówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówki	elektronówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówki	elektronówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówko	elektronówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronówkom	elektronówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografiach	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografia	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografiami	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografią	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografie	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografie	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografie	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografię	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografii	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektronystagmografii	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografii	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografii	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografij	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektronystagmografio	elektronystagmografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektronystagmografiom	elektronystagmografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmach	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmami	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalm	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalm	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmem	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmie	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmie	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmom	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmowi	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmów	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmu	elektrooftalm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmy	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmy	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooftalmy	elektrooftalm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptycznościach	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptycznościami	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptycznością	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczności	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptycznościom	elektrooptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczność	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczność	elektrooptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyczna	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrooptyczną	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrooptyczną	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrooptyczne	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptyczne	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptyczne	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptyczne	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptycznego	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrooptycznego	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptycznej	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrooptycznej	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrooptycznej	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrooptycznemu	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptyczni	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrooptyczno	elektrooptyczny	adja		
elektrooptycznych	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrooptycznych	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptycznych	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptyczny	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrooptyczny	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrooptycznym	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptycznym	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptycznym	elektrooptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrooptycznymi	elektrooptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrooptyce	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyce	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptykach	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyka	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptykami	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyką	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyk	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptykę	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyki	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyki	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyki	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyki	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptyko	elektrooptyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrooptykom	elektrooptyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotycznościach	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotycznościami	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotycznością	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczności	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotycznościom	elektroosmotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczność	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczność	elektroosmotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmotyczna	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroosmotyczną	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroosmotyczną	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroosmotyczne	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmotyczne	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmotyczne	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotyczne	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotycznego	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroosmotycznego	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotycznej	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroosmotycznej	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroosmotycznej	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroosmotycznemu	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotyczni	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroosmotyczno	elektroosmotyczny	adja		
elektroosmotycznych	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroosmotycznych	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmotycznych	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmotyczny	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroosmotyczny	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroosmotycznym	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmotycznym	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotycznym	elektroosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroosmotycznymi	elektroosmotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroosmozach	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmoza	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozami	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozą	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmoz	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozę	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozie	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozie	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozo	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozom	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozy	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozy	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozy	elektroosmoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroosmozy	elektroosmoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarscy	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektropajęczarska	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektropajęczarską	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektropajęczarską	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektropajęczarskich	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektropajęczarskich	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarskich	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarskie	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarskie	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarskie	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskie	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskiego	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektropajęczarskiego	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskiej	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektropajęczarskiej	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektropajęczarskiej	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektropajęczarski	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektropajęczarski	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektropajęczarskiemu	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskim	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarskim	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskim	elektropajęczarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektropajęczarskimi	elektropajęczarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektropajęczarsko	elektropajęczarski	adja		
elektropajęczarsku	elektropajęczarski	adjp		
elektropajęczarsko	elektropajęczarsko	adv:pos		
elektropajęczarskościach	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskościami	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskością	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskości	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskościom	elektropajęczarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskość	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropajęczarskość	elektropajęczarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacjach	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacja	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacjami	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacją	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacje	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacje	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacje	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikację	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacji	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektropetryfikacji	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacji	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacji	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacjo	elektropetryfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacjom	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektropetryfikacyj	elektropetryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektropołowach	elektropołów	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowami	elektropołów	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowem	elektropołów	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowie	elektropołów	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowie	elektropołów	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowom	elektropołów	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowowi	elektropołów	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowów	elektropołów	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowu	elektropołów	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowy	elektropołów	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowy	elektropołów	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołowy	elektropołów	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołów	elektropołów	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektropołów	elektropołów	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacjach	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacja	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacjami	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacją	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacje	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacje	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacje	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinację	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacji	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrorafinacji	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacji	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacji	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacjo	elektrorafinacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacjom	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrorafinacyj	elektrorafinacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektroskalpelach	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpela	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelami	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpele	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpele	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpele	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpel	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpel	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelem	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpeli	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelom	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelowi	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelów	elektroskalpel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelu	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskalpelu	elektroskalpel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopach	elektroskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopami	elektroskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskop	elektroskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskop	elektroskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopem	elektroskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopie	elektroskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopie	elektroskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopom	elektroskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopowi	elektroskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopów	elektroskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopu	elektroskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopy	elektroskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopy	elektroskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektroskopy	elektroskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostalach	elektrostal	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostalami	elektrostal	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostalą	elektrostal	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostale	elektrostal	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostale	elektrostal	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostale	elektrostal	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostal	elektrostal	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostal	elektrostal	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostali	elektrostal	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostali	elektrostal	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostali	elektrostal	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostali	elektrostal	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostali	elektrostal	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostalom	elektrostal	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatycznie	elektrostatycznie	adv:pos		
elektrostatycznościach	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatycznościami	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatycznością	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczności	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatycznościom	elektrostatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczność	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczność	elektrostatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyczna	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrostatyczną	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrostatyczną	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrostatyczne	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatyczne	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatyczne	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatyczne	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatycznego	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrostatycznego	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatycznej	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrostatycznej	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrostatycznej	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrostatycznemu	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatyczni	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrostatyczno	elektrostatyczny	adja		
elektrostatycznych	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrostatycznych	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatycznych	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatyczny	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrostatyczny	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrostatycznym	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatycznym	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatycznym	elektrostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrostatycznymi	elektrostatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrostatyce	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyce	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatykach	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyka	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatykami	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyką	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyk	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatykę	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyki	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyki	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyki	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyki	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatyko	elektrostatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostatykom	elektrostatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcjach	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcja	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcjami	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcją	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcje	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcje	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcje	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcję	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcji	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrostrykcji	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcji	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcji	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcjo	elektrostrykcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcjom	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostrykcyj	elektrostrykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrostymulacjach	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacja	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacjami	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacją	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacje	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacje	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacje	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulację	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacji	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrostymulacji	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacji	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacji	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacjo	elektrostymulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacjom	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulacyj	elektrostymulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrostymulatorach	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatora	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorami	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulator	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulator	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorem	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorom	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorowi	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorów	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatory	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatory	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatory	elektrostymulator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorze	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrostymulatorze	elektrostymulator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksjach	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksja	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksjami	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksją	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksje	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksje	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksje	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksję	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksji	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotaksji	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksji	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksji	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksjo	elektrotaksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksjom	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotaksyj	elektrotaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotechnicznościach	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnicznościami	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnicznością	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczności	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnicznościom	elektrotechniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczność	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczność	elektrotechniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniczna	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrotechniczną	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrotechniczną	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrotechniczne	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechniczne	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechniczne	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechniczne	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechnicznego	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrotechnicznego	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechnicznej	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrotechnicznej	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrotechnicznej	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrotechnicznemu	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechniczni	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotechniczno	elektrotechniczny	adja		
elektrotechnicznych	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotechnicznych	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechnicznych	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechniczny	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrotechniczny	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrotechnicznym	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechnicznym	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechnicznym	elektrotechniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotechnicznymi	elektrotechniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotechnicy	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnicy	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikach	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnika	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnika	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikami	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnik	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikiem	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikom	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikowi	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechników	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechników	elektrotechnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniku	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniku	elektrotechnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnice	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnice	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikach	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnika	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikami	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniką	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnik	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikę	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniki	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechniko	elektrotechnika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotechnikom	elektrotechnika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapiach	elektroterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapia	elektroterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapiami	elektroterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapią	elektroterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapie	elektroterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapie	elektroterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapie	elektroterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapię	elektroterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapii	elektroterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektroterapii	elektroterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapii	elektroterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapii	elektroterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapij	elektroterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektroterapio	elektroterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroterapiom	elektroterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiach	elektrotermia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermia	elektrotermia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiami	elektrotermia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermią	elektrotermia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermie	elektrotermia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermie	elektrotermia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermie	elektrotermia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermię	elektrotermia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermii	elektrotermia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotermii	elektrotermia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermii	elektrotermia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermii	elektrotermia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermij	elektrotermia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotermio	elektrotermia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiom	elektrotermia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermicznościach	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermicznościami	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermicznością	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczności	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermicznościom	elektrotermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczność	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczność	elektrotermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermiczna	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrotermiczną	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrotermiczną	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrotermiczne	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermiczne	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermiczne	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermiczne	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermicznego	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrotermicznego	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermicznej	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrotermicznej	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrotermicznej	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrotermicznemu	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermiczni	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotermiczno	elektrotermiczny	adja		
elektrotermicznych	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotermicznych	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermicznych	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermiczny	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrotermiczny	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrotermicznym	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermicznym	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermicznym	elektrotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotermicznymi	elektrotermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotermometriach	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometria	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometriami	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrią	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrie	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrie	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrie	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrię	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrii	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotermometrii	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrii	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrii	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometrio	elektrotermometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometriom	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotermometryj	elektrotermometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotincie	elektrotinta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotincie	elektrotinta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotintach	elektrotinta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinta	elektrotinta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotintami	elektrotinta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotintą	elektrotinta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotint	elektrotinta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotintę	elektrotinta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinto	elektrotinta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotintom	elektrotinta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinty	elektrotinta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinty	elektrotinta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinty	elektrotinta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotinty	elektrotinta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomiach	elektrotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomia	elektrotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomiami	elektrotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomią	elektrotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomie	elektrotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomie	elektrotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomie	elektrotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomię	elektrotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomii	elektrotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotomii	elektrotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomii	elektrotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomii	elektrotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomij	elektrotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotomio	elektrotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotomiom	elektrotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcjach	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcja	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcjami	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcją	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcje	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcje	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcje	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcję	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcji	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotrakcji	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcji	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcji	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcjo	elektrotrakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcjom	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyj	elektrotrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotrakcyjnościach	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjnościami	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjnością	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjności	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjnościom	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjność	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjność	elektrotrakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotrakcyjna	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjną	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjną	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjne	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjne	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjne	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjne	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnego	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnego	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnej	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnej	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnej	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnemu	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjni	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotrakcyjno	elektrotrakcyjny	adja		
elektrotrakcyjnych	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnych	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnych	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjny	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjny	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnym	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnym	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnym	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrotrakcyjnymi	elektrotrakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrotropizmach	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmami	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizm	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizm	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmem	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmie	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmie	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmom	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmowi	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmów	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmu	elektrotropizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmy	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmy	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotropizmy	elektrotropizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypach	elektrotyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypami	elektrotyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotyp	elektrotyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotyp	elektrotyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypem	elektrotyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypie	elektrotyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypie	elektrotyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypom	elektrotyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypowi	elektrotyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypów	elektrotyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypu	elektrotyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypy	elektrotyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypy	elektrotyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypy	elektrotyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypiach	elektrotypia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypia	elektrotypia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypiami	elektrotypia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypią	elektrotypia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypie	elektrotypia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypie	elektrotypia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypie	elektrotypia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypię	elektrotypia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypii	elektrotypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektrotypii	elektrotypia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypii	elektrotypia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypii	elektrotypia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypij	elektrotypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektrotypio	elektrotypia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrotypiom	elektrotypia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemnościach	elektroujemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemnościami	elektroujemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemnością	elektroujemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemności	elektroujemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemnościom	elektroujemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemność	elektroujemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemność	elektroujemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektroujemna	elektroujemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektroujemną	elektroujemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektroujemną	elektroujemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektroujemne	elektroujemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroujemne	elektroujemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektroujemne	elektroujemny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemne	elektroujemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemnego	elektroujemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektroujemnego	elektroujemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemnej	elektroujemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektroujemnej	elektroujemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektroujemnej	elektroujemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektroujemnemu	elektroujemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemni	elektroujemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroujemno	elektroujemny	adja		
elektroujemnych	elektroujemny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektroujemnych	elektroujemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroujemnych	elektroujemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroujemny	elektroujemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektroujemny	elektroujemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektroujemnym	elektroujemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektroujemnym	elektroujemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemnym	elektroujemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektroujemnymi	elektroujemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowartościowościach	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowościami	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowością	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowości	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowościom	elektrowartościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowość	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowartościowość	elektrowartościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiercie	elektrowiert	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiercie	elektrowiert	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertach	elektrowiert	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowierta	elektrowiert	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertami	elektrowiert	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiert	elektrowiert	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiert	elektrowiert	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertem	elektrowiert	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertom	elektrowiert	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertowi	elektrowiert	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowiertów	elektrowiert	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowierty	elektrowiert	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowierty	elektrowiert	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowierty	elektrowiert	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowniach	elektrownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownia	elektrownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowniami	elektrownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownią	elektrownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownie	elektrownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownie	elektrownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownie	elektrownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowni	elektrownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowni	elektrownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowni	elektrownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowni	elektrownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownię	elektrownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrownio	elektrownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowniom	elektrownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowniach	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownia	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowniami	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownią	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownie	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownie	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownie	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowni	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowni	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowni	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowni	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownię	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozownio	elektrowozownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowniom	elektrowozownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozach	elektrowóz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozami	elektrowóz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozem	elektrowóz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozie	elektrowóz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozie	elektrowóz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozom	elektrowóz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozowi	elektrowóz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozów	elektrowóz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozu	elektrowóz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozy	elektrowóz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozy	elektrowóz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowozy	elektrowóz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowóz	elektrowóz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowóz	elektrowóz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózek	elektrowózek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózek	elektrowózek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózkach	elektrowózek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózka	elektrowózek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózkami	elektrowózek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózki	elektrowózek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózki	elektrowózek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózki	elektrowózek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózkiem	elektrowózek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózkom	elektrowózek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózkowi	elektrowózek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózków	elektrowózek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózku	elektrowózek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowózku	elektrowózek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsach	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsami	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząs	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząs	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsem	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsie	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsie	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsom	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsowi	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsów	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsu	elektrowstrząs	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsy	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsy	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsy	elektrowstrząs	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
elektrowstrząsowościach	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowościami	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowością	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowości	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowościom	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowość	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowość	elektrowstrząsowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrowstrząsowa	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsową	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsową	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsowe	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowe	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowe	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowe	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowego	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowego	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowej	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsowej	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsowej	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrowstrząsowemu	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowi	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrowstrząsowo	elektrowstrząsowy	adja		
elektrowstrząsowych	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrowstrząsowych	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowych	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowy	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowy	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowym	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrowstrząsowym	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowym	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrowstrząsowymi	elektrowstrząsowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrach	elektrum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektra	elektrum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektra	elektrum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektra	elektrum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrami	elektrum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrom	elektrum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrów	elektrum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrum	elektrum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczek	elektryczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczek	elektryczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczkach	elektryczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczka	elektryczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczkami	elektryczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczki	elektryczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczki	elektryczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczki	elektryczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczkiem	elektryczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczkom	elektryczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczkowi	elektryczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczków	elektryczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczku	elektryczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektryczku	elektryczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
elektrycznie	elektrycznie	adv:pos		
elektrycznościach	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznościami	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznością	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznościom	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczność	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczność	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznościach	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznościami	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznością	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczności	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycznościom	elektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczność	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczność	elektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryczna	elektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektryczną	elektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektryczną	elektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektryczne	elektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryczne	elektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryczne	elektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektryczne	elektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektrycznego	elektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektrycznego	elektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrycznej	elektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektrycznej	elektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektrycznej	elektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektrycznemu	elektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryczni	elektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektryczno	elektryczny	adja		
elektrycznych	elektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektrycznych	elektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrycznych	elektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryczny	elektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektryczny	elektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektrycznym	elektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektrycznym	elektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrycznym	elektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektrycznymi	elektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacjach	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacja	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacjami	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacją	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacje	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacje	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacje	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikację	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacji	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektryfikacji	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacji	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacji	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacjo	elektryfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacjom	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyj	elektryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektryfikacyjnościach	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjnościami	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjnością	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjności	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjnościom	elektryfikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjność	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjność	elektryfikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryfikacyjna	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjną	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjną	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjne	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacyjne	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacyjne	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjne	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjnego	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektryfikacyjnego	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjnej	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjnej	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjnej	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektryfikacyjnemu	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjni	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektryfikacyjno	elektryfikacyjny	adja		
elektryfikacyjnych	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektryfikacyjnych	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacyjnych	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacyjny	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektryfikacyjny	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektryfikacyjnym	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikacyjnym	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjnym	elektryfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryfikacyjnymi	elektryfikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryfikować	elektryfikować	inf:imperf		
elektryfikowaliby	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowalibyście	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowalibyśmy	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowali	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
elektryfikowali	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowaliście	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowaliśmy	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałaby	elektryfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałabym	elektryfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałabyś	elektryfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowała	elektryfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
elektryfikowała	elektryfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałam	elektryfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałaś	elektryfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowałby	elektryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałbym	elektryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałbyś	elektryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektryfikował	elektryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
elektryfikował	elektryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałem	elektryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałeś	elektryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowałoby	elektryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałobym	elektryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałobyś	elektryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowało	elektryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
elektryfikowało	elektryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałom	elektryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowałoś	elektryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowałyby	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałybyście	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowałybyśmy	elektryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowały	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
elektryfikowały	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektryfikowałyście	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektryfikowałyśmy	elektryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektryfikowana	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaną	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowane	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowane	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanego	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanego	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanej	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanemu	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaniach	elektryfikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowania	elektryfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowania	elektryfikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaniami	elektryfikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanie	elektryfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowani	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaniem	elektryfikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaniom	elektryfikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowaniu	elektryfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowano	elektryfikować	imps:imperf		
elektryfikowanych	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanych	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowany	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowany	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanym	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanym	elektryfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowanymi	elektryfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikowań	elektryfikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikująca	elektryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującą	elektryfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujące	elektryfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujące	elektryfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującego	elektryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującego	elektryfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującej	elektryfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryfikując	elektryfikować	pcon:imperf		
elektryfikującemu	elektryfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikująco	elektryfikować	pacta		
elektryfikujących	elektryfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujących	elektryfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujący	elektryfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujący	elektryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikujący	elektryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującym	elektryfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującym	elektryfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryfikującymi	elektryfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryfikują	elektryfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
elektryfikujcie	elektryfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
elektryfikujecie	elektryfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
elektryfikuje	elektryfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
elektryfikuj	elektryfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
elektryfikujemy	elektryfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
elektryfikujesz	elektryfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
elektryfikuję	elektryfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
elektryfikujmy	elektryfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elektrycy	elektryk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrycy	elektryk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykach	elektryk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryka	elektryk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryka	elektryk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykami	elektryk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryk	elektryk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykiem	elektryk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykom	elektryk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykowi	elektryk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryków	elektryk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryków	elektryk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryku	elektryk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryku	elektryk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryce	elektryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryce	elektryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykach	elektryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryka	elektryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykami	elektryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryką	elektryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryk	elektryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykę	elektryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryki	elektryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryko	elektryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykom	elektryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzach	elektrykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzach	elektrykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarza	elektrykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarza	elektrykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarza	elektrykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarza	elektrykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzami	elektrykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzami	elektrykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarze	elektrykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarz	elektrykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarz	elektrykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzem	elektrykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzem	elektrykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzom	elektrykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzom	elektrykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzowi	elektrykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzowi	elektrykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzów	elektrykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzów	elektrykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzu	elektrykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzu	elektrykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzu	elektrykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzu	elektrykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elektrykarzy	elektrykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektrykarzy	elektrykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacjach	elektryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacja	elektryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacjami	elektryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacją	elektryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacje	elektryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacje	elektryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacje	elektryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzację	elektryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacji	elektryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elektryzacji	elektryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacji	elektryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacji	elektryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacjo	elektryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacjom	elektryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzacyj	elektryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elektryzatorach	elektryzator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatora	elektryzator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorami	elektryzator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzator	elektryzator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzator	elektryzator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorem	elektryzator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorom	elektryzator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorowi	elektryzator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorów	elektryzator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatory	elektryzator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatory	elektryzator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatory	elektryzator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorze	elektryzator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzatorze	elektryzator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elektryzować	elektryzować	inf:imperf		
elektryzowaliby	elektryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektryzowalibyście	elektryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektryzowalibyśmy	elektryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektryzowali	elektryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
elektryzowali	elektryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
elektryzowaliście	elektryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
elektryzowaliśmy	elektryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałaby	elektryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałabym	elektryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałabyś	elektryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektryzowała	elektryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
elektryzowała	elektryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałam	elektryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałaś	elektryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
elektryzowałby	elektryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałbym	elektryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałbyś	elektryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektryzował	elektryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
elektryzował	elektryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałem	elektryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałeś	elektryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
elektryzowałoby	elektryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałobym	elektryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałobyś	elektryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektryzowało	elektryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
elektryzowało	elektryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałom	elektryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
elektryzowałoś	elektryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
elektryzowałyby	elektryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałybyście	elektryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektryzowałybyśmy	elektryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektryzowały	elektryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
elektryzowały	elektryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
elektryzowałyście	elektryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
elektryzowałyśmy	elektryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
elektryzowana	elektryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaną	elektryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzowane	elektryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowane	elektryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanego	elektryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanego	elektryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanej	elektryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanemu	elektryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaniach	elektryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowania	elektryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowania	elektryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaniami	elektryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanie	elektryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowani	elektryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaniem	elektryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaniom	elektryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowaniu	elektryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowano	elektryzować	imps:imperf		
elektryzowanych	elektryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanych	elektryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowany	elektryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowany	elektryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanym	elektryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanym	elektryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzowanymi	elektryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzowań	elektryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzująca	elektryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzującą	elektryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzujące	elektryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzujące	elektryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzującego	elektryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
elektryzującego	elektryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzującej	elektryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
elektryzując	elektryzować	pcon:imperf		
elektryzującemu	elektryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzująco	elektryzować	pacta		
elektryzujących	elektryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryzujących	elektryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzujący	elektryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
elektryzujący	elektryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
elektryzujący	elektryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
elektryzującym	elektryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzującym	elektryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
elektryzującymi	elektryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
elektryzują	elektryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
elektryzujcie	elektryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
elektryzujecie	elektryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
elektryzuje	elektryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
elektryzuj	elektryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
elektryzujemy	elektryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
elektryzujesz	elektryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
elektryzuję	elektryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
elektryzujmy	elektryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elektryzująco	elektryzująco	adv:pos		
elektryzująca	elektryzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elektryzującą	elektryzujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elektryzującą	elektryzujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elektryzujące	elektryzujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryzujące	elektryzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elektryzujące	elektryzujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elektryzujące	elektryzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elektryzującego	elektryzujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elektryzującego	elektryzujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryzującej	elektryzujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elektryzującej	elektryzujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elektryzującej	elektryzujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elektryzującemu	elektryzujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryzująco	elektryzujący	adja		
elektryzujących	elektryzujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elektryzujących	elektryzujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryzujących	elektryzujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryzujący	elektryzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elektryzujący	elektryzujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elektryzujący	elektryzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elektryzującym	elektryzujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elektryzującym	elektryzujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryzującym	elektryzujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elektryzującymi	elektryzujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elemele	elemele	burk		
elemencie	element	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elemencie	element	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementach	element	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementami	element	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
element	element	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
element	element	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementem	element	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementom	element	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementowi	element	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementów	element	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementu	element	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	element	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	element	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	element	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarnie	elementarnie	adv:pos		
elementarnościach	elementarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarnościami	elementarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarnością	elementarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarności	elementarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarnościom	elementarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarność	elementarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarność	elementarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarna	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elementarną	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elementarną	elementarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elementarne	elementarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementarne	elementarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementarne	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elementarne	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elementarnego	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elementarnego	elementarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarnej	elementarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elementarnej	elementarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elementarnej	elementarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elementarnemu	elementarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarniejsi	elementarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
elementarniejsza	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
elementarniejszą	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
elementarniejszą	elementarny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
elementarniejsze	elementarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elementarniejsze	elementarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
elementarniejsze	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
elementarniejsze	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
elementarniejszego	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
elementarniejszego	elementarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elementarniejszej	elementarny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
elementarniejszej	elementarny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
elementarniejszej	elementarny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
elementarniejszemu	elementarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elementarniejszych	elementarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
elementarniejszych	elementarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elementarniejszych	elementarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elementarniejszy	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
elementarniejszy	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
elementarniejszym	elementarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elementarniejszym	elementarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elementarniejszym	elementarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
elementarniejszymi	elementarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
elementarni	elementarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elementarno	elementarny	adja		
elementarnych	elementarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elementarnych	elementarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarnych	elementarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarny	elementarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elementarny	elementarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elementarnym	elementarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarnym	elementarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarnym	elementarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarnymi	elementarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzach	elementarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzach	elementarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarza	elementarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarza	elementarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzami	elementarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzami	elementarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarze	elementarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarz	elementarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarz	elementarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarz	elementarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarz	elementarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzem	elementarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzem	elementarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzom	elementarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzom	elementarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzowi	elementarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowi	elementarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzów	elementarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzu	elementarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzu	elementarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzu	elementarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzu	elementarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
elementarzy	elementarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowościach	elementarzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowościami	elementarzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowością	elementarzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowości	elementarzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowościom	elementarzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowość	elementarzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowość	elementarzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzowa	elementarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elementarzową	elementarzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elementarzową	elementarzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elementarzowe	elementarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzowe	elementarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzowe	elementarzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowe	elementarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowego	elementarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elementarzowego	elementarzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowej	elementarzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elementarzowej	elementarzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elementarzowej	elementarzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elementarzowemu	elementarzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowi	elementarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elementarzowo	elementarzowy	adja		
elementarzowych	elementarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elementarzowych	elementarzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzowych	elementarzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzowy	elementarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elementarzowy	elementarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elementarzowym	elementarzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzowym	elementarzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowym	elementarzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementarzowymi	elementarzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementarzykach	elementarzyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyka	elementarzyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzykami	elementarzyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyk	elementarzyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyk	elementarzyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyki	elementarzyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyki	elementarzyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyki	elementarzyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzykiem	elementarzyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzykom	elementarzyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzykowi	elementarzyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyków	elementarzyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyku	elementarzyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementarzyku	elementarzyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elementowościach	elementowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowościami	elementowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowością	elementowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowości	elementowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowościom	elementowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowość	elementowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowość	elementowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elementowa	elementowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elementową	elementowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elementową	elementowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elementowe	elementowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementowe	elementowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elementowe	elementowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elementowe	elementowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elementowego	elementowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elementowego	elementowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementowej	elementowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elementowej	elementowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elementowej	elementowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elementowemu	elementowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementowi	elementowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elementowo	elementowy	adja		
elementowych	elementowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elementowych	elementowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementowych	elementowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementowy	elementowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elementowy	elementowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elementowym	elementowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementowym	elementowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementowym	elementowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elementowymi	elementowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elementach	elementy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementami	elementy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementom	elementy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementów	elementy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	elementy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	elementy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elementy	elementy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elemozynach	elemozyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyna	elemozyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozynami	elemozyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyną	elemozyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyn	elemozyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozynę	elemozyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozynie	elemozyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozynie	elemozyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyno	elemozyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozynom	elemozyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyny	elemozyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyny	elemozyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyny	elemozyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
elemozyny	elemozyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eleniach	elenium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenia	elenium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenia	elenium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenia	elenium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eleniami	elenium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eleniom	elenium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eleniów	elenium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elenium	elenium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eleometrach	eleometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrami	eleometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometr	eleometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometr	eleometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrem	eleometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrom	eleometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrowi	eleometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrów	eleometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometru	eleometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometry	eleometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometry	eleometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometry	eleometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrze	eleometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleometrze	eleometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eleuteriach	eleuterie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuteriami	eleuterie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuterie	eleuterie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuterie	eleuterie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuterie	eleuterie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuterii	eleuterie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eleuteriom	eleuterie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eleuteryj	eleuterie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eleuzyńscy	eleuzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eleuzyńska	eleuzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eleuzyńską	eleuzyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eleuzyńską	eleuzyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eleuzyńskich	eleuzyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eleuzyńskich	eleuzyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńskich	eleuzyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńskie	eleuzyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńskie	eleuzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńskie	eleuzyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskie	eleuzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskiego	eleuzyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eleuzyńskiego	eleuzyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskiej	eleuzyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eleuzyńskiej	eleuzyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eleuzyńskiej	eleuzyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eleuzyński	eleuzyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eleuzyński	eleuzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eleuzyńskiemu	eleuzyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskim	eleuzyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńskim	eleuzyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskim	eleuzyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eleuzyńskimi	eleuzyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eleuzyńsko	eleuzyński	adja		
eleuzyńsku	eleuzyński	adjp		
eleuzyńsko	eleuzyńsko	adv:pos		
eleuzyńskościach	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskościami	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskością	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskości	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskościom	eleuzyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskość	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eleuzyńskość	eleuzyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewach	elew	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewa	elew	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewa	elew	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewami	elew	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elew	elew	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewem	elew	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewie	elew	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewie	elew	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewi	elew	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewi	elew	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewom	elew	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewowie	elew	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewowie	elew	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewowi	elew	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewów	elew	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewów	elew	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elewy	elew	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elewy	elew	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elewacjach	elewacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacja	elewacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacjami	elewacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacją	elewacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacje	elewacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacje	elewacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacje	elewacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewację	elewacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacji	elewacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.|hom.
elewacji	elewacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacji	elewacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacji	elewacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacjo	elewacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacjom	elewacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bud.
elewacyj	elewacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|bud.|char.
elewacyjnościach	elewacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjnościami	elewacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjnością	elewacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjności	elewacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjnościom	elewacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjność	elewacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjność	elewacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewacyjna	elewacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elewacyjną	elewacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elewacyjną	elewacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elewacyjne	elewacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elewacyjne	elewacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elewacyjne	elewacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjne	elewacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjnego	elewacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elewacyjnego	elewacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjnej	elewacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elewacyjnej	elewacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elewacyjnej	elewacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elewacyjnemu	elewacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjni	elewacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elewacyjno	elewacyjny	adja		
elewacyjnych	elewacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elewacyjnych	elewacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewacyjnych	elewacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewacyjny	elewacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elewacyjny	elewacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elewacyjnym	elewacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewacyjnym	elewacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjnym	elewacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewacyjnymi	elewacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorach	elewator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatora	elewator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorami	elewator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewator	elewator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewator	elewator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorem	elewator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorom	elewator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowi	elewator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorów	elewator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatory	elewator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatory	elewator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatory	elewator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorze	elewator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorze	elewator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowościach	elewatorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowościami	elewatorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowością	elewatorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowości	elewatorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowościom	elewatorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowość	elewatorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowość	elewatorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elewatorowa	elewatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elewatorową	elewatorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elewatorową	elewatorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elewatorowe	elewatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorowe	elewatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorowe	elewatorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowe	elewatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowego	elewatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elewatorowego	elewatorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowej	elewatorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elewatorowej	elewatorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elewatorowej	elewatorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elewatorowemu	elewatorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowi	elewatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elewatorowo	elewatorowy	adja		
elewatorowych	elewatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elewatorowych	elewatorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorowych	elewatorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorowy	elewatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elewatorowy	elewatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elewatorowym	elewatorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewatorowym	elewatorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowym	elewatorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elewatorowymi	elewatorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elewce	elewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewce	elewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewek	elewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewkach	elewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewka	elewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewkami	elewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewką	elewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewkę	elewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewki	elewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewki	elewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewki	elewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewki	elewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewko	elewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewkom	elewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
elewonach	elewon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonami	elewon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewon	elewon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewon	elewon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonem	elewon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonie	elewon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonie	elewon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonom	elewon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonowi	elewon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonów	elewon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewonu	elewon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewony	elewon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewony	elewon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elewony	elewon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elfach	elf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfach	elf	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfa	elf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfa	elf	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfa	elf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfa	elf	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfami	elf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfami	elf	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elf	elf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elf	elf	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfem	elf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfem	elf	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elf	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elf	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfom	elf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfom	elf	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfowie	elf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfowie	elf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfowi	elf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfowi	elf	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfów	elf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfów	elf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elfów	elf	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elf	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elf	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elf	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elfach	elfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfa	elfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfami	elfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfą	elfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elf	elfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfę	elfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfie	elfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfo	elfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfom	elfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfy	elfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfia	elfi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elfią	elfi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elfią	elfi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elfich	elfi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elfich	elfi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfich	elfi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfie	elfi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elfie	elfi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elfie	elfi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elfie	elfi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elfiego	elfi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elfiego	elfi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfiej	elfi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elfiej	elfi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elfiej	elfi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elfi	elfi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elfi	elfi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elfi	elfi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elfiemu	elfi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfim	elfi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfim	elfi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfim	elfi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfimi	elfi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfio	elfi	adja		
elficcy	elficki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elficka	elficki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elficką	elficki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elficką	elficki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elfickich	elficki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elfickich	elficki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfickich	elficki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfickie	elficki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elfickie	elficki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elfickie	elficki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elfickie	elficki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elfickiego	elficki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elfickiego	elficki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfickiej	elficki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elfickiej	elficki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elfickiej	elficki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elficki	elficki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elficki	elficki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elfickiemu	elficki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfickim	elficki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elfickim	elficki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfickim	elficki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elfickimi	elficki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elficko	elficki	adja		
elficku	elficki	adjp		
elficko	elficko	adv:pos		
elfickościach	elfickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickościami	elfickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickością	elfickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickości	elfickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickościom	elfickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickość	elfickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfickość	elfickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfio	elfio	adv:pos		
elfiościach	elfiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiościami	elfiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiością	elfiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiości	elfiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiościom	elfiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiość	elfiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfiość	elfiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfce	elfka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfce	elfka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfek	elfka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfkach	elfka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfka	elfka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfkami	elfka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfką	elfka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfkę	elfka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfki	elfka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfki	elfka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfki	elfka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfki	elfka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfko	elfka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elfkom	elfka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliberować	eliberować	inf:imperf		daw.
eliberowaliby	eliberować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowalibyście	eliberować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowalibyśmy	eliberować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowali	eliberować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
eliberowali	eliberować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowaliście	eliberować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowaliśmy	eliberować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałaby	eliberować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałabym	eliberować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałabyś	eliberować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowała	eliberować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
eliberowała	eliberować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałam	eliberować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałaś	eliberować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowałby	eliberować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałbym	eliberować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałbyś	eliberować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberował	eliberować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
eliberował	eliberować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałem	eliberować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałeś	eliberować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowałoby	eliberować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałobym	eliberować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałobyś	eliberować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowało	eliberować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
eliberowało	eliberować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałom	eliberować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowałoś	eliberować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowałyby	eliberować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałybyście	eliberować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowałybyśmy	eliberować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowały	eliberować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
eliberowały	eliberować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberowałyście	eliberować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberowałyśmy	eliberować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberowana	eliberować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eliberowaną	eliberować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eliberowane	eliberować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberowane	eliberować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowanego	eliberować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eliberowanego	eliberować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowanej	eliberować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eliberowanemu	eliberować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowaniach	eliberować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowania	eliberować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowania	eliberować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowaniami	eliberować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowanie	eliberować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowani	eliberować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliberowaniem	eliberować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowaniom	eliberować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowaniu	eliberować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowano	eliberować	imps:imperf		daw.
eliberowanych	eliberować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliberowanych	eliberować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberowany	eliberować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eliberowany	eliberować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eliberowanym	eliberować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberowanym	eliberować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberowanymi	eliberować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberowań	eliberować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eliberująca	eliberować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eliberującą	eliberować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eliberujące	eliberować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberujące	eliberować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberującego	eliberować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eliberującego	eliberować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberującej	eliberować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eliberując	eliberować	pcon:imperf		daw.
eliberującemu	eliberować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberująco	eliberować	pacta		
eliberujących	eliberować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliberujących	eliberować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberujący	eliberować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliberujący	eliberować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eliberujący	eliberować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eliberującym	eliberować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberującym	eliberować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliberującymi	eliberować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliberują	eliberować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberujcie	eliberować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberujecie	eliberować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberuje	eliberować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
eliberuj	eliberować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberujemy	eliberować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberujesz	eliberować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
eliberuję	eliberować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
eliberujmy	eliberować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
elierach	elier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eliera	elier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eliera	elier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierami	elier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elier	elier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierem	elier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierom	elier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierowie	elier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierowie	elier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierowi	elier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierów	elier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierów	elier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eliery	elier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eliery	elier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
elierze	elier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierze	elier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierzy	elier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elierzy	elier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
elijscy	elijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elijska	elijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elijską	elijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elijską	elijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elijskich	elijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elijskich	elijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elijskich	elijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elijskie	elijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elijskie	elijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elijskie	elijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elijskie	elijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elijskiego	elijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elijskiego	elijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elijskiej	elijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elijskiej	elijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elijskiej	elijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elijski	elijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elijski	elijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elijskiemu	elijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elijskim	elijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elijskim	elijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elijskim	elijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elijskimi	elijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elijsko	elijski	adja		
elijsku	elijski	adjp		
elijsko	elijsko	adv:pos		
elijskościach	elijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskościami	elijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskością	elijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskości	elijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskościom	elijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskość	elijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elijskość	elijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirach	eliksir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirami	eliksir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksir	eliksir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksir	eliksir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirem	eliksir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirom	eliksir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirowi	eliksir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirów	eliksir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksiru	eliksir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksiry	eliksir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksiry	eliksir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksiry	eliksir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirze	eliksir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirze	eliksir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirek	eliksirek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirek	eliksirek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirkach	eliksirek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirkami	eliksirek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirki	eliksirek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirki	eliksirek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirki	eliksirek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirkiem	eliksirek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirkom	eliksirek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirkowi	eliksirek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirków	eliksirek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirku	eliksirek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirku	eliksirek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliksirku	eliksirek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacjach	eliminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacja	eliminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacjami	eliminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacją	eliminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminację	eliminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacji	eliminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eliminacji	eliminacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacji	eliminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacji	eliminacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacjo	eliminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacjom	eliminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyj	eliminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eliminacjach	eliminacje	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacjami	eliminacje	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacje	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacje	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacje	eliminacje	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacji	eliminacje	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eliminacjom	eliminacje	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyj	eliminacje	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eliminacyjnościach	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjnościami	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjnością	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjności	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjnościom	eliminacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjność	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjność	eliminacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliminacyjna	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eliminacyjną	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eliminacyjną	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eliminacyjne	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eliminacyjne	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eliminacyjne	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjne	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjnego	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eliminacyjnego	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjnej	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eliminacyjnej	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eliminacyjnej	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eliminacyjnemu	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjni	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eliminacyjno	eliminacyjny	adja		
eliminacyjnych	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eliminacyjnych	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliminacyjnych	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliminacyjny	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eliminacyjny	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eliminacyjnym	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliminacyjnym	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjnym	eliminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliminacyjnymi	eliminacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliminatorach	eliminator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatora	eliminator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorami	eliminator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminator	eliminator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminator	eliminator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorem	eliminator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorom	eliminator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorowi	eliminator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorów	eliminator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatory	eliminator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatory	eliminator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatory	eliminator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorze	eliminator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminatorze	eliminator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eliminować	eliminować	inf:imperf		
eliminowaliby	eliminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eliminowalibyście	eliminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eliminowalibyśmy	eliminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eliminowali	eliminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eliminowali	eliminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eliminowaliście	eliminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eliminowaliśmy	eliminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eliminowałaby	eliminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eliminowałabym	eliminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eliminowałabyś	eliminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eliminowała	eliminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eliminowała	eliminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eliminowałam	eliminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eliminowałaś	eliminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eliminowałby	eliminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eliminowałbym	eliminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eliminowałbyś	eliminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eliminował	eliminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eliminował	eliminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eliminowałem	eliminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eliminowałeś	eliminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eliminowałoby	eliminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eliminowałobym	eliminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eliminowałobyś	eliminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eliminowało	eliminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eliminowało	eliminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eliminowałom	eliminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eliminowałoś	eliminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eliminowałyby	eliminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eliminowałybyście	eliminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eliminowałybyśmy	eliminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eliminowały	eliminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eliminowały	eliminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eliminowałyście	eliminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eliminowałyśmy	eliminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eliminowana	eliminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eliminowaną	eliminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eliminowane	eliminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminowane	eliminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowanego	eliminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eliminowanego	eliminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowanej	eliminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eliminowanemu	eliminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowaniach	eliminować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowania	eliminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowania	eliminować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowaniami	eliminować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowanie	eliminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowani	eliminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliminowaniem	eliminować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowaniom	eliminować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowaniu	eliminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowano	eliminować	imps:imperf		
eliminowanych	eliminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliminowanych	eliminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminowany	eliminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eliminowany	eliminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eliminowanym	eliminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminowanym	eliminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminowanymi	eliminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminowań	eliminować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eliminująca	eliminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eliminującą	eliminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eliminujące	eliminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminujące	eliminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminującego	eliminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eliminującego	eliminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminującej	eliminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eliminując	eliminować	pcon:imperf		
eliminującemu	eliminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminująco	eliminować	pacta		
eliminujących	eliminować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliminujących	eliminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminujący	eliminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eliminujący	eliminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eliminujący	eliminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eliminującym	eliminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminującym	eliminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eliminującymi	eliminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eliminują	eliminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eliminujcie	eliminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eliminujecie	eliminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eliminuje	eliminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eliminuj	eliminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eliminujemy	eliminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eliminujesz	eliminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eliminuję	eliminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eliminujmy	eliminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elingach	eling	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingami	eling	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eling	eling	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eling	eling	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingi	eling	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingi	eling	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingi	eling	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingiem	eling	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingom	eling	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingowi	eling	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingów	eling	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingu	eling	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingu	eling	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elingu	eling	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarach	elinwar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarami	elinwar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwar	elinwar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwar	elinwar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarem	elinwar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarom	elinwar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowi	elinwar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarów	elinwar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwaru	elinwar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwary	elinwar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwary	elinwar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwary	elinwar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarze	elinwar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarze	elinwar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowościach	elinwarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowościami	elinwarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowością	elinwarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowości	elinwarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowościom	elinwarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowość	elinwarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowość	elinwarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elinwarowa	elinwarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elinwarową	elinwarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elinwarową	elinwarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elinwarowe	elinwarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elinwarowe	elinwarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elinwarowe	elinwarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowe	elinwarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowego	elinwarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elinwarowego	elinwarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowej	elinwarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elinwarowej	elinwarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elinwarowej	elinwarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elinwarowemu	elinwarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowi	elinwarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elinwarowo	elinwarowy	adja		
elinwarowych	elinwarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elinwarowych	elinwarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elinwarowych	elinwarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elinwarowy	elinwarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elinwarowy	elinwarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elinwarowym	elinwarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elinwarowym	elinwarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowym	elinwarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elinwarowymi	elinwarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsach	elipsa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsa	elipsa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsami	elipsa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsą	elipsa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elips	elipsa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsę	elipsa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsie	elipsa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsie	elipsa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipso	elipsa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsom	elipsa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsy	elipsa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsy	elipsa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsy	elipsa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsy	elipsa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografach	elipsograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografami	elipsograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsograf	elipsograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsograf	elipsograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografem	elipsograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografie	elipsograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografie	elipsograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografom	elipsograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografowi	elipsograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografów	elipsograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografu	elipsograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografy	elipsograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografy	elipsograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsografy	elipsograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidach	elipsoida	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoida	elipsoida	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidami	elipsoida	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidą	elipsoida	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoid	elipsoida	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidę	elipsoida	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoido	elipsoida	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidom	elipsoida	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidy	elipsoida	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidy	elipsoida	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidy	elipsoida	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidy	elipsoida	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidzie	elipsoida	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidzie	elipsoida	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
elipsoidalnościach	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalnościami	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalnością	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalności	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalnościom	elipsoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalność	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalność	elipsoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsoidalna	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elipsoidalną	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elipsoidalną	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elipsoidalne	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elipsoidalne	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elipsoidalne	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalne	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalnego	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elipsoidalnego	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalnej	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elipsoidalnej	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elipsoidalnej	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elipsoidalnemu	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalni	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elipsoidalno	elipsoidalny	adja		
elipsoidalnych	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elipsoidalnych	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsoidalnych	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsoidalny	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elipsoidalny	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elipsoidalnym	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsoidalnym	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalnym	elipsoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsoidalnymi	elipsoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowatościach	elipsowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatościami	elipsowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatością	elipsowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatości	elipsowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatościom	elipsowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatość	elipsowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowatość	elipsowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elipsowaci	elipsowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elipsowata	elipsowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elipsowatą	elipsowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elipsowatą	elipsowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elipsowate	elipsowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowate	elipsowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowate	elipsowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elipsowate	elipsowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elipsowatego	elipsowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elipsowatego	elipsowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsowatej	elipsowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elipsowatej	elipsowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elipsowatej	elipsowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elipsowatemu	elipsowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsowato	elipsowaty	adja		
elipsowatych	elipsowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elipsowatych	elipsowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowatych	elipsowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowaty	elipsowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elipsowaty	elipsowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elipsowatym	elipsowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elipsowatym	elipsowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsowatym	elipsowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elipsowatymi	elipsowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliptycznie	eliptycznie	adv:pos		
eliptycznościach	eliptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptycznościami	eliptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptycznością	eliptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczności	eliptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptycznościom	eliptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczność	eliptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczność	eliptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eliptyczna	eliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eliptyczną	eliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eliptyczną	eliptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eliptyczne	eliptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eliptyczne	eliptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eliptyczne	eliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eliptyczne	eliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eliptycznego	eliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eliptycznego	eliptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliptycznej	eliptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eliptycznej	eliptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eliptycznej	eliptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eliptycznemu	eliptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliptyczni	eliptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eliptyczno	eliptyczny	adja		
eliptycznych	eliptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eliptycznych	eliptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliptycznych	eliptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliptyczny	eliptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eliptyczny	eliptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eliptycznym	eliptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eliptycznym	eliptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliptycznym	eliptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eliptycznymi	eliptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elicie	elita	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elicie	elita	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitach	elita	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elita	elita	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitami	elita	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitą	elita	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elit	elita	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitę	elita	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elito	elita	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitom	elita	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elity	elita	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elity	elita	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elity	elita	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elity	elita	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarnie	elitarnie	adv:pos		
elitarnościach	elitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarnościami	elitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarnością	elitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarności	elitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarnościom	elitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarność	elitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarność	elitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarna	elitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elitarną	elitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elitarną	elitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elitarne	elitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elitarne	elitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elitarne	elitarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elitarne	elitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elitarnego	elitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elitarnego	elitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarnej	elitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elitarnej	elitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elitarnej	elitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elitarnemu	elitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarni	elitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elitarno	elitarny	adja		
elitarnych	elitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elitarnych	elitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarnych	elitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarny	elitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elitarny	elitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elitarnym	elitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarnym	elitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarnym	elitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarnymi	elitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystycznościach	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystycznościami	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystycznością	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczności	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystycznościom	elitarystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczność	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczność	elitarystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitarystyczna	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elitarystyczną	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elitarystyczną	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elitarystyczne	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystyczne	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystyczne	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elitarystyczne	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elitarystycznego	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elitarystycznego	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarystycznej	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elitarystycznej	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elitarystycznej	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elitarystycznemu	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarystyczni	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elitarystyczno	elitarystyczny	adja		
elitarystycznych	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elitarystycznych	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystycznych	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystyczny	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elitarystyczny	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elitarystycznym	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitarystycznym	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarystycznym	elitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elitarystycznymi	elitarystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elitaryzacjach	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacja	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacjami	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacją	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacje	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacje	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacje	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzację	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacji	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elitaryzacji	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacji	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacji	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacjo	elitaryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacjom	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzacyj	elitaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elitaryzmach	elitaryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmami	elitaryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzm	elitaryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzm	elitaryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmem	elitaryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmie	elitaryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmie	elitaryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmom	elitaryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmowi	elitaryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmów	elitaryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmu	elitaryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmy	elitaryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmy	elitaryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elitaryzmy	elitaryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmach	elityzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmami	elityzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzm	elityzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzm	elityzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmem	elityzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmie	elityzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmie	elityzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmom	elityzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmowi	elityzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmów	elityzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmu	elityzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmy	elityzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmy	elityzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elityzmy	elityzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elizejscy	elizejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elizejska	elizejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elizejską	elizejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elizejską	elizejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elizejskich	elizejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elizejskich	elizejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elizejskich	elizejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elizejskie	elizejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elizejskie	elizejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elizejskie	elizejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elizejskie	elizejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elizejskiego	elizejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elizejskiego	elizejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elizejskiej	elizejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elizejskiej	elizejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elizejskiej	elizejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elizejski	elizejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elizejski	elizejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elizejskiemu	elizejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elizejskim	elizejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elizejskim	elizejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elizejskim	elizejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elizejskimi	elizejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elizejsko	elizejski	adja		
elizejsku	elizejski	adjp		
elizejsko	elizejsko	adv:pos		
elizejskościach	elizejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskościami	elizejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskością	elizejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskości	elizejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskościom	elizejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskość	elizejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizejskość	elizejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizjach	elizja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizja	elizja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizjami	elizja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizją	elizja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizje	elizja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizje	elizja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizje	elizja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizję	elizja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizji	elizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elizji	elizja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizji	elizja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizji	elizja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizjo	elizja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizjom	elizja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elizyj	elizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elce	elka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elce	elka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elek	elka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elkach	elka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elka	elka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elkami	elka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elką	elka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elkę	elka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elki	elka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elki	elka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elki	elka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elki	elka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elko	elka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elkom	elka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
elkach	elki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elkami	elki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elki	elki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elki	elki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elki	elki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elkom	elki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elków	elki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
elkowościach	elkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowościami	elkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowością	elkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowości	elkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowościom	elkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowość	elkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowość	elkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elkowa	elkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elkową	elkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elkową	elkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elkowe	elkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elkowe	elkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elkowe	elkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elkowe	elkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elkowego	elkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elkowego	elkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elkowej	elkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elkowej	elkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elkowej	elkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elkowemu	elkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elkowi	elkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elkowo	elkowy	adja		
elkowych	elkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elkowych	elkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elkowych	elkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elkowy	elkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elkowy	elkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elkowym	elkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elkowym	elkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elkowym	elkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elkowymi	elkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elogiach	elogium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogia	elogium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogia	elogium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogia	elogium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogiami	elogium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogiom	elogium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogiów	elogium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elogium	elogium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacjach	eloksalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacja	eloksalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacjami	eloksalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacją	eloksalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacje	eloksalacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacje	eloksalacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacje	eloksalacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalację	eloksalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacji	eloksalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eloksalacji	eloksalacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacji	eloksalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacji	eloksalacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacjo	eloksalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacjom	eloksalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eloksalacyj	eloksalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eloksalować	eloksalować	inf:imperf		
eloksalowaliby	eloksalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eloksalowalibyście	eloksalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eloksalowalibyśmy	eloksalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eloksalowali	eloksalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eloksalowali	eloksalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eloksalowaliście	eloksalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eloksalowaliśmy	eloksalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałaby	eloksalować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałabym	eloksalować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałabyś	eloksalować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eloksalowała	eloksalować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eloksalowała	eloksalować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałam	eloksalować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałaś	eloksalować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eloksalowałby	eloksalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałbym	eloksalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałbyś	eloksalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eloksalował	eloksalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eloksalował	eloksalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałem	eloksalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałeś	eloksalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eloksalowałoby	eloksalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałobym	eloksalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałobyś	eloksalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eloksalowało	eloksalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eloksalowało	eloksalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałom	eloksalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eloksalowałoś	eloksalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eloksalowałyby	eloksalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałybyście	eloksalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eloksalowałybyśmy	eloksalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eloksalowały	eloksalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eloksalowały	eloksalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eloksalowałyście	eloksalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eloksalowałyśmy	eloksalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eloksalowana	eloksalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaną	eloksalować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalowane	eloksalować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowane	eloksalować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanego	eloksalować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanego	eloksalować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanej	eloksalować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanemu	eloksalować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaniach	eloksalować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowania	eloksalować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowania	eloksalować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaniami	eloksalować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanie	eloksalować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowani	eloksalować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaniem	eloksalować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaniom	eloksalować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowaniu	eloksalować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowano	eloksalować	imps:imperf		
eloksalowanych	eloksalować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanych	eloksalować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowany	eloksalować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowany	eloksalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanym	eloksalować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanym	eloksalować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalowanymi	eloksalować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalowań	eloksalować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalująca	eloksalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalującą	eloksalować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalujące	eloksalować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalujące	eloksalować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalującego	eloksalować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eloksalującego	eloksalować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalującej	eloksalować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eloksalując	eloksalować	pcon:imperf		
eloksalującemu	eloksalować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalująco	eloksalować	pacta		
eloksalujących	eloksalować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eloksalujących	eloksalować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalujący	eloksalować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eloksalujący	eloksalować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eloksalujący	eloksalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eloksalującym	eloksalować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalującym	eloksalować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eloksalującymi	eloksalować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eloksalują	eloksalować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eloksalujcie	eloksalować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eloksalujecie	eloksalować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eloksaluje	eloksalować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eloksaluj	eloksalować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eloksalujemy	eloksalować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eloksalujesz	eloksalować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eloksaluję	eloksalować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eloksalujmy	eloksalować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
elokucjach	elokucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucja	elokucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucjami	elokucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucją	elokucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucje	elokucja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucje	elokucja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucje	elokucja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucję	elokucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucji	elokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elokucji	elokucja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucji	elokucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucji	elokucja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucjo	elokucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucjom	elokucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokucyj	elokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elokwencjach	elokwencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencja	elokwencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencjami	elokwencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencją	elokwencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencje	elokwencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencje	elokwencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencje	elokwencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencję	elokwencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencji	elokwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elokwencji	elokwencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencji	elokwencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencji	elokwencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencjo	elokwencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencjom	elokwencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyj	elokwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elokwencyjnościach	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjnościami	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjnością	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjności	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjnościom	elokwencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjność	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjność	elokwencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwencyjna	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elokwencyjną	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elokwencyjną	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elokwencyjne	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elokwencyjne	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elokwencyjne	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjne	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjnego	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elokwencyjnego	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjnej	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elokwencyjnej	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elokwencyjnej	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elokwencyjnemu	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjni	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elokwencyjno	elokwencyjny	adja		
elokwencyjnych	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elokwencyjnych	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwencyjnych	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwencyjny	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elokwencyjny	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elokwencyjnym	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwencyjnym	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjnym	elokwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwencyjnymi	elokwencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentnie	elokwentnie	adv:pos		
elokwentniej	elokwentnie	adv:com		
elokwentnościach	elokwentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentnościami	elokwentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentnością	elokwentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentności	elokwentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentnościom	elokwentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentność	elokwentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentność	elokwentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elokwentna	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elokwentną	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elokwentną	elokwentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elokwentne	elokwentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentne	elokwentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentne	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elokwentne	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elokwentnego	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elokwentnego	elokwentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwentnej	elokwentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elokwentnej	elokwentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elokwentnej	elokwentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elokwentnemu	elokwentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwentniejsi	elokwentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
elokwentniejsza	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszą	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszą	elokwentny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejsze	elokwentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejsze	elokwentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejsze	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejsze	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszego	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszego	elokwentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszej	elokwentny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszej	elokwentny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszej	elokwentny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszemu	elokwentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszych	elokwentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszych	elokwentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszych	elokwentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszy	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszy	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszym	elokwentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszym	elokwentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszym	elokwentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
elokwentniejszymi	elokwentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
elokwentni	elokwentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elokwentno	elokwentny	adja		
elokwentnych	elokwentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elokwentnych	elokwentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentnych	elokwentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentny	elokwentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elokwentny	elokwentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elokwentnym	elokwentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elokwentnym	elokwentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwentnym	elokwentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elokwentnymi	elokwentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elongacjach	elongacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacja	elongacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacjami	elongacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacją	elongacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacje	elongacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacje	elongacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacje	elongacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongację	elongacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacji	elongacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elongacji	elongacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacji	elongacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacji	elongacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacjo	elongacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacjom	elongacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elongacyj	elongacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
elucjach	elucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucja	elucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucjami	elucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucją	elucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucje	elucja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucje	elucja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucje	elucja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucję	elucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucji	elucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elucji	elucja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucji	elucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucji	elucja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucjo	elucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucjom	elucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elucyj	elucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eluencie	eluent	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluencie	eluent	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentach	eluent	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentami	eluent	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluent	eluent	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluent	eluent	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentem	eluent	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentom	eluent	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentowi	eluent	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentów	eluent	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluentu	eluent	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluenty	eluent	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluenty	eluent	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eluenty	eluent	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracjach	elukubracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracja	elukubracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracjami	elukubracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracją	elukubracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracje	elukubracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracje	elukubracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracje	elukubracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubrację	elukubracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracji	elukubracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
elukubracji	elukubracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracji	elukubracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracji	elukubracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracjo	elukubracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracjom	elukubracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elukubracyj	elukubracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eluwialnościach	eluwialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialnościami	eluwialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialnością	eluwialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialności	eluwialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialnościom	eluwialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialność	eluwialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialność	eluwialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eluwialna	eluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eluwialną	eluwialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eluwialną	eluwialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eluwialne	eluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eluwialne	eluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eluwialne	eluwialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eluwialne	eluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eluwialnego	eluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eluwialnego	eluwialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eluwialnej	eluwialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eluwialnej	eluwialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eluwialnej	eluwialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eluwialnemu	eluwialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eluwialni	eluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eluwialno	eluwialny	adja		
eluwialnych	eluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eluwialnych	eluwialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eluwialnych	eluwialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eluwialny	eluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eluwialny	eluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eluwialnym	eluwialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eluwialnym	eluwialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eluwialnym	eluwialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eluwialnymi	eluwialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eluwiach	eluwium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwia	eluwium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwia	eluwium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwia	eluwium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwiami	eluwium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwiom	eluwium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwiów	eluwium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eluwium	eluwium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowscy	elzetesowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elzetesowska	elzetesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elzetesowską	elzetesowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elzetesowską	elzetesowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elzetesowskich	elzetesowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elzetesowskich	elzetesowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowskich	elzetesowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowskie	elzetesowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowskie	elzetesowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowskie	elzetesowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskie	elzetesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskiego	elzetesowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elzetesowskiego	elzetesowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskiej	elzetesowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elzetesowskiej	elzetesowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elzetesowskiej	elzetesowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elzetesowski	elzetesowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elzetesowski	elzetesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elzetesowskiemu	elzetesowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskim	elzetesowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowskim	elzetesowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskim	elzetesowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzetesowskimi	elzetesowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzetesowsko	elzetesowski	adja		
elzetesowsku	elzetesowski	adjp		
elzetesowsko	elzetesowsko	adv:pos		
elzetesowskościach	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskościami	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskością	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskości	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskościom	elzetesowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskość	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzetesowskość	elzetesowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirach	elzewir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirami	elzewir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewir	elzewir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewir	elzewir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirem	elzewir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirom	elzewir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirowi	elzewir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirów	elzewir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewiru	elzewir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewiry	elzewir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewiry	elzewir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewiry	elzewir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirze	elzewir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirze	elzewir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirscy	elzewirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elzewirska	elzewirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elzewirską	elzewirski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elzewirską	elzewirski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elzewirskich	elzewirski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elzewirskich	elzewirski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirskich	elzewirski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirskie	elzewirski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirskie	elzewirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirskie	elzewirski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskie	elzewirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskiego	elzewirski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elzewirskiego	elzewirski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskiej	elzewirski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elzewirskiej	elzewirski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elzewirskiej	elzewirski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elzewirski	elzewirski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elzewirski	elzewirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elzewirskiemu	elzewirski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskim	elzewirski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirskim	elzewirski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskim	elzewirski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elzewirskimi	elzewirski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elzewirsko	elzewirski	adja		
elzewirsku	elzewirski	adjp		
elzewirsko	elzewirsko	adv:pos		
elzewirskościach	elzewirskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskościami	elzewirskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskością	elzewirskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskości	elzewirskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskościom	elzewirskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskość	elzewirskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elzewirskość	elzewirskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietance	elżbietanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietance	elżbietanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanek	elżbietanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietankach	elżbietanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanka	elżbietanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietankami	elżbietanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanką	elżbietanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietankę	elżbietanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanki	elżbietanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanki	elżbietanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanki	elżbietanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanki	elżbietanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietanko	elżbietanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietankom	elżbietanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańscy	elżbietański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
elżbietańska	elżbietański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
elżbietańską	elżbietański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
elżbietańską	elżbietański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
elżbietańskich	elżbietański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
elżbietańskich	elżbietański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańskich	elżbietański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańskie	elżbietański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańskie	elżbietański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańskie	elżbietański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskie	elżbietański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskiego	elżbietański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
elżbietańskiego	elżbietański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskiej	elżbietański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
elżbietańskiej	elżbietański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
elżbietańskiej	elżbietański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
elżbietański	elżbietański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
elżbietański	elżbietański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
elżbietańskiemu	elżbietański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskim	elżbietański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańskim	elżbietański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskim	elżbietański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
elżbietańskimi	elżbietański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
elżbietańsko	elżbietański	adja		
elżbietańsku	elżbietański	adjp		
elżbietańsko	elżbietańsko	adv:pos		
elżbietańskościach	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskościami	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskością	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskości	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskościom	elżbietańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskość	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
elżbietańskość	elżbietańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eł	eł	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ełccy	ełcki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ełcka	ełcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ełcką	ełcki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ełcką	ełcki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ełckich	ełcki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ełckich	ełcki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ełckich	ełcki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ełckie	ełcki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ełckie	ełcki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ełckie	ełcki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ełckie	ełcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ełckiego	ełcki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ełckiego	ełcki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ełckiej	ełcki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ełckiej	ełcki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ełckiej	ełcki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ełcki	ełcki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ełcki	ełcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ełckiemu	ełcki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ełckim	ełcki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ełckim	ełcki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ełckim	ełcki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ełckimi	ełcki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ełcko	ełcki	adja		
ełcku	ełcki	adjp		
ełcko	ełcko	adv:pos		
ełckościach	ełckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckościami	ełckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckością	ełckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckości	ełckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckościom	ełckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckość	ełckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ełckość	ełckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
em	em	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emablować	emablować	inf:imperf		
emablowaliby	emablować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emablowalibyście	emablować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emablowalibyśmy	emablować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emablowali	emablować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emablowali	emablować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emablowaliście	emablować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emablowaliśmy	emablować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emablowałaby	emablować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emablowałabym	emablować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emablowałabyś	emablować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emablowała	emablować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emablowała	emablować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emablowałam	emablować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emablowałaś	emablować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emablowałby	emablować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emablowałbym	emablować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emablowałbyś	emablować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emablował	emablować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emablował	emablować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emablowałem	emablować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emablowałeś	emablować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emablowałoby	emablować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emablowałobym	emablować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emablowałobyś	emablować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emablowało	emablować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emablowało	emablować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emablowałom	emablować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emablowałoś	emablować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emablowałyby	emablować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emablowałybyście	emablować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emablowałybyśmy	emablować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emablowały	emablować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emablowały	emablować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emablowałyście	emablować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emablowałyśmy	emablować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emablowana	emablować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emablowaną	emablować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emablowane	emablować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablowane	emablować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablowanego	emablować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emablowanego	emablować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablowanej	emablować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emablowanemu	emablować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablowaniach	emablować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowania	emablować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowania	emablować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowaniami	emablować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowanie	emablować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowani	emablować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emablowaniem	emablować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowaniom	emablować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowaniu	emablować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emablowano	emablować	imps:imperf		
emablowanych	emablować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emablowanych	emablować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablowany	emablować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emablowany	emablować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emablowanym	emablować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablowanym	emablować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablowanymi	emablować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablowań	emablować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emablująca	emablować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emablującą	emablować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emablujące	emablować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablujące	emablować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablującego	emablować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emablującego	emablować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablującej	emablować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emablując	emablować	pcon:imperf		
emablującemu	emablować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablująco	emablować	pacta		
emablujących	emablować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emablujących	emablować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablujący	emablować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emablujący	emablować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emablujący	emablować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emablującym	emablować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablującym	emablować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emablującymi	emablować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emablują	emablować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emablujcie	emablować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emablujecie	emablować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emabluje	emablować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emabluj	emablować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emablujemy	emablować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emablujesz	emablować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emabluję	emablować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emablujmy	emablować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
e-mailach	e-mail	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailach	e-mail	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-maila	e-mail	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maila	e-mail	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maila	e-mail	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailami	e-mail	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailami	e-mail	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maile	e-mail	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mail	e-mail	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mail	e-mail	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mail	e-mail	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailem	e-mail	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailem	e-mail	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-maili	e-mail	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-maili	e-mail	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailom	e-mail	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailom	e-mail	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowi	e-mail	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailowi	e-mail	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailów	e-mail	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailu	e-mail	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailu	e-mail	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailu	e-mail	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailu	e-mail	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
e-mailu	e-mail	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingach	e-mailing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingami	e-mailing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailing	e-mailing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailing	e-mailing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingi	e-mailing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingi	e-mailing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingi	e-mailing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingiem	e-mailing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingom	e-mailing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingowi	e-mailing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingów	e-mailing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingu	e-mailing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingu	e-mailing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailingu	e-mailing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailować	e-mailować	inf:imperf		
e-mailowaliby	e-mailować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
e-mailowalibyście	e-mailować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
e-mailowalibyśmy	e-mailować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
e-mailowali	e-mailować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
e-mailowali	e-mailować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
e-mailowaliście	e-mailować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
e-mailowaliśmy	e-mailować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałaby	e-mailować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałabym	e-mailować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałabyś	e-mailować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
e-mailowała	e-mailować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
e-mailowała	e-mailować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałam	e-mailować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałaś	e-mailować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
e-mailowałby	e-mailować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałbym	e-mailować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałbyś	e-mailować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
e-mailował	e-mailować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
e-mailował	e-mailować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałem	e-mailować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałeś	e-mailować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
e-mailowałoby	e-mailować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałobym	e-mailować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałobyś	e-mailować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
e-mailowało	e-mailować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
e-mailowało	e-mailować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałom	e-mailować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
e-mailowałoś	e-mailować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
e-mailowałyby	e-mailować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałybyście	e-mailować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
e-mailowałybyśmy	e-mailować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
e-mailowały	e-mailować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
e-mailowały	e-mailować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
e-mailowałyście	e-mailować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
e-mailowałyśmy	e-mailować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
e-mailowana	e-mailować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaną	e-mailować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailowane	e-mailować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowane	e-mailować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanego	e-mailować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanego	e-mailować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanej	e-mailować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanemu	e-mailować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaniach	e-mailować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowania	e-mailować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowania	e-mailować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaniami	e-mailować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanie	e-mailować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowani	e-mailować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaniem	e-mailować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaniom	e-mailować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowaniu	e-mailować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowano	e-mailować	imps:imperf		
e-mailowanych	e-mailować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanych	e-mailować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowany	e-mailować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowany	e-mailować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanym	e-mailować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanym	e-mailować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailowanymi	e-mailować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailowań	e-mailować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailująca	e-mailować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailującą	e-mailować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailujące	e-mailować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailujące	e-mailować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailującego	e-mailować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
e-mailującego	e-mailować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailującej	e-mailować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
e-mailując	e-mailować	pcon:imperf		
e-mailującemu	e-mailować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailująco	e-mailować	pacta		
e-mailujących	e-mailować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
e-mailujących	e-mailować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailujący	e-mailować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
e-mailujący	e-mailować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
e-mailujący	e-mailować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
e-mailującym	e-mailować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailującym	e-mailować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
e-mailującymi	e-mailować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
e-mailują	e-mailować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
e-mailujcie	e-mailować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
e-mailujecie	e-mailować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
e-mailuje	e-mailować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
e-mailuj	e-mailować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
e-mailujemy	e-mailować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
e-mailujesz	e-mailować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
e-mailuję	e-mailować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
e-mailujmy	e-mailować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
e-mailowościach	e-mailowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowościami	e-mailowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowością	e-mailowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowości	e-mailowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowościom	e-mailowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowość	e-mailowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowość	e-mailowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-mailowa	e-mailowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
e-mailową	e-mailowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
e-mailową	e-mailowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
e-mailowe	e-mailowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
e-mailowe	e-mailowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
e-mailowe	e-mailowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowe	e-mailowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowego	e-mailowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
e-mailowego	e-mailowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowej	e-mailowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
e-mailowej	e-mailowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
e-mailowej	e-mailowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
e-mailowemu	e-mailowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowi	e-mailowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
e-mailowo	e-mailowy	adja		
e-mailowych	e-mailowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
e-mailowych	e-mailowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-mailowych	e-mailowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-mailowy	e-mailowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
e-mailowy	e-mailowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
e-mailowym	e-mailowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
e-mailowym	e-mailowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowym	e-mailowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
e-mailowymi	e-mailowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emaliach	emalia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalia	emalia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliami	emalia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalią	emalia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalie	emalia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalie	emalia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalie	emalia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalię	emalia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalii	emalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emalii	emalia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalii	emalia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalii	emalia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalij	emalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emalio	emalia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliom	emalia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierach	emalier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliera	emalier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliera	emalier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierami	emalier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalier	emalier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierem	emalier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierom	emalier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierowi	emalier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierów	emalier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierów	emalier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliery	emalier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emaliery	emalier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierze	emalier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierze	emalier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierzy	emalier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierzy	emalier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniach	emaliernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernia	emaliernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniami	emaliernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernią	emaliernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernie	emaliernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernie	emaliernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernie	emaliernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierni	emaliernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emalierni	emaliernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierni	emaliernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierni	emaliernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernię	emaliernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernio	emaliernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniom	emaliernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierń	emaliernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
emaliernicy	emaliernik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernicy	emaliernik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernikach	emaliernik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernika	emaliernik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernika	emaliernik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernikami	emaliernik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernik	emaliernik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniki	emaliernik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniki	emaliernik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernikiem	emaliernik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernikom	emaliernik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emaliernikowi	emaliernik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierników	emaliernik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierników	emaliernik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniku	emaliernik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierniku	emaliernik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emalierscy	emalierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emalierska	emalierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emalierską	emalierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emalierską	emalierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emalierskich	emalierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emalierskich	emalierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emalierskich	emalierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emalierskie	emalierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emalierskie	emalierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emalierskie	emalierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emalierskie	emalierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emalierskiego	emalierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emalierskiego	emalierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emalierskiej	emalierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emalierskiej	emalierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emalierskiej	emalierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emalierski	emalierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emalierski	emalierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emalierskiemu	emalierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emalierskim	emalierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emalierskim	emalierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emalierskim	emalierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emalierskimi	emalierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emaliersko	emalierski	adja		
emaliersku	emalierski	adjp		
emaliersko	emaliersko	adv:pos		
emalierskościach	emalierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskościami	emalierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskością	emalierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskości	emalierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskościom	emalierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskość	emalierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierskość	emalierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwach	emalierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwa	emalierstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwa	emalierstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwa	emalierstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwa	emalierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwami	emalierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstw	emalierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwem	emalierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwie	emalierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwo	emalierstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwo	emalierstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwo	emalierstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwom	emalierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emalierstwu	emalierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emaliować	emaliować	inf:imperf		
emaliowaliby	emaliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emaliowalibyście	emaliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emaliowalibyśmy	emaliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emaliowali	emaliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emaliowali	emaliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emaliowaliście	emaliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emaliowaliśmy	emaliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emaliowałaby	emaliować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emaliowałabym	emaliować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emaliowałabyś	emaliować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emaliowała	emaliować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emaliowała	emaliować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emaliowałam	emaliować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emaliowałaś	emaliować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emaliowałby	emaliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emaliowałbym	emaliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emaliowałbyś	emaliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emaliował	emaliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emaliował	emaliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emaliowałem	emaliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emaliowałeś	emaliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emaliowałoby	emaliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emaliowałobym	emaliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emaliowałobyś	emaliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emaliowało	emaliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emaliowało	emaliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emaliowałom	emaliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emaliowałoś	emaliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emaliowałyby	emaliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emaliowałybyście	emaliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emaliowałybyśmy	emaliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emaliowały	emaliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emaliowały	emaliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emaliowałyście	emaliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emaliowałyśmy	emaliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emaliowana	emaliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emaliowaną	emaliować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emaliowane	emaliować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliowane	emaliować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowanego	emaliować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emaliowanego	emaliować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowanej	emaliować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emaliowanemu	emaliować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowaniach	emaliować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowania	emaliować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowania	emaliować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowaniami	emaliować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowanie	emaliować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowani	emaliować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emaliowaniem	emaliować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowaniom	emaliować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowaniu	emaliować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowano	emaliować	imps:imperf		
emaliowanych	emaliować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emaliowanych	emaliować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliowany	emaliować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emaliowany	emaliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emaliowanym	emaliować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliowanym	emaliować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliowanymi	emaliować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliowań	emaliować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emaliująca	emaliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emaliującą	emaliować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emaliujące	emaliować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliujące	emaliować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliującego	emaliować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emaliującego	emaliować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliującej	emaliować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emaliując	emaliować	pcon:imperf		
emaliującemu	emaliować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliująco	emaliować	pacta		
emaliujących	emaliować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emaliujących	emaliować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliujący	emaliować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emaliujący	emaliować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emaliujący	emaliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emaliującym	emaliować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliującym	emaliować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emaliującymi	emaliować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emaliują	emaliować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emaliujcie	emaliować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emaliujecie	emaliować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emaliuje	emaliować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emaliuj	emaliować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emaliujemy	emaliować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emaliujesz	emaliować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emaliuję	emaliować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emaliujmy	emaliować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emaliowościach	emaliowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowościami	emaliowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowością	emaliowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowości	emaliowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowościom	emaliowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowość	emaliowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowość	emaliowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emaliowa	emaliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emaliową	emaliowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emaliową	emaliowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emaliowe	emaliowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emaliowe	emaliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emaliowe	emaliowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emaliowe	emaliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emaliowego	emaliowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emaliowego	emaliowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emaliowej	emaliowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emaliowej	emaliowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emaliowej	emaliowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emaliowemu	emaliowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emaliowi	emaliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emaliowo	emaliowy	adja		
emaliowych	emaliowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emaliowych	emaliowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emaliowych	emaliowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emaliowy	emaliowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emaliowy	emaliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emaliowym	emaliowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emaliowym	emaliowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emaliowym	emaliowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emaliowymi	emaliowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emanach	eman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanami	eman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eman	eman	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eman	eman	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanem	eman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanie	eman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanie	eman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanom	eman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanowi	eman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanów	eman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanu	eman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emany	eman	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emany	eman	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emany	eman	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanacjach	emanacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacja	emanacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacjami	emanacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacją	emanacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacje	emanacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacje	emanacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacje	emanacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanację	emanacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacji	emanacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emanacji	emanacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacji	emanacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacji	emanacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacjo	emanacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacjom	emanacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emanacyj	emanacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emanatyzmach	emanatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmami	emanatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzm	emanatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzm	emanatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmem	emanatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmie	emanatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmie	emanatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmom	emanatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmowi	emanatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmów	emanatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmu	emanatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmy	emanatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmy	emanatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emanatyzmy	emanatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacjach	emancypacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacja	emancypacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacjami	emancypacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacją	emancypacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacje	emancypacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacje	emancypacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacje	emancypacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypację	emancypacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacji	emancypacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emancypacji	emancypacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacji	emancypacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacji	emancypacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacjo	emancypacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacjom	emancypacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyj	emancypacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emancypacyjnościach	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjnościami	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjnością	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjności	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjnościom	emancypacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjność	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjność	emancypacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypacyjna	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emancypacyjną	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emancypacyjną	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emancypacyjne	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emancypacyjne	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emancypacyjne	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjne	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjnego	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emancypacyjnego	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjnej	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emancypacyjnej	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emancypacyjnej	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emancypacyjnemu	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjni	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emancypacyjno	emancypacyjny	adja		
emancypacyjnych	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emancypacyjnych	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emancypacyjnych	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emancypacyjny	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emancypacyjny	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emancypacyjnym	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emancypacyjnym	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjnym	emancypacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emancypacyjnymi	emancypacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emancypancie	emancypant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypancie	emancypant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanci	emancypant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanci	emancypant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantach	emancypant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanta	emancypant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanta	emancypant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantami	emancypant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypant	emancypant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantem	emancypant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantom	emancypant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantowi	emancypant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantów	emancypant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantów	emancypant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanty	emancypant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypanty	emancypant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emancypantce	emancypantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantce	emancypantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantek	emancypantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantkach	emancypantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantka	emancypantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantkami	emancypantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantką	emancypantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantkę	emancypantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantki	emancypantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantki	emancypantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantki	emancypantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantki	emancypantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantko	emancypantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypantkom	emancypantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emancypować	emancypować	inf:imperf		
emancypowaliby	emancypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emancypowalibyście	emancypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emancypowalibyśmy	emancypować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emancypowali	emancypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emancypowali	emancypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emancypowaliście	emancypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emancypowaliśmy	emancypować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emancypowałaby	emancypować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emancypowałabym	emancypować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emancypowałabyś	emancypować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emancypowała	emancypować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emancypowała	emancypować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emancypowałam	emancypować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emancypowałaś	emancypować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emancypowałby	emancypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emancypowałbym	emancypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emancypowałbyś	emancypować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emancypował	emancypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emancypował	emancypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emancypowałem	emancypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emancypowałeś	emancypować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emancypowałoby	emancypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emancypowałobym	emancypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emancypowałobyś	emancypować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emancypowało	emancypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emancypowało	emancypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emancypowałom	emancypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emancypowałoś	emancypować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emancypowałyby	emancypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emancypowałybyście	emancypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emancypowałybyśmy	emancypować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emancypowały	emancypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emancypowały	emancypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emancypowałyście	emancypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emancypowałyśmy	emancypować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emancypowana	emancypować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emancypowaną	emancypować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emancypowane	emancypować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypowane	emancypować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowanego	emancypować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emancypowanego	emancypować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowanej	emancypować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emancypowanemu	emancypować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowaniach	emancypować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowania	emancypować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowania	emancypować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowaniami	emancypować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowanie	emancypować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowani	emancypować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emancypowaniem	emancypować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowaniom	emancypować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowaniu	emancypować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowano	emancypować	imps:imperf		
emancypowanych	emancypować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emancypowanych	emancypować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypowany	emancypować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emancypowany	emancypować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emancypowanym	emancypować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypowanym	emancypować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypowanymi	emancypować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypowań	emancypować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emancypująca	emancypować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emancypującą	emancypować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emancypujące	emancypować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypujące	emancypować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypującego	emancypować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emancypującego	emancypować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypującej	emancypować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emancypując	emancypować	pcon:imperf		
emancypującemu	emancypować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypująco	emancypować	pacta		
emancypujących	emancypować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emancypujących	emancypować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypujący	emancypować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emancypujący	emancypować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emancypujący	emancypować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emancypującym	emancypować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypującym	emancypować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emancypującymi	emancypować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emancypują	emancypować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emancypujcie	emancypować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emancypujecie	emancypować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emancypuje	emancypować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emancypuj	emancypować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emancypujemy	emancypować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emancypujesz	emancypować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emancypuję	emancypować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emancypujmy	emancypować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emanować	emanować	inf:imperf.perf		
emanowaliby	emanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowalibyście	emanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowalibyśmy	emanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowali	emanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
emanowali	emanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowaliście	emanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowaliśmy	emanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałaby	emanować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałabym	emanować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałabyś	emanować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowała	emanować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
emanowała	emanować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałam	emanować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałaś	emanować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowałby	emanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałbym	emanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałbyś	emanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
emanował	emanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
emanował	emanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałem	emanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałeś	emanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowałoby	emanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałobym	emanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałobyś	emanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowało	emanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
emanowało	emanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałom	emanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowałoś	emanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowałyby	emanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałybyście	emanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowałybyśmy	emanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowały	emanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
emanowały	emanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
emanowałyście	emanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
emanowałyśmy	emanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
emanowana	emanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaną	emanować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowane	emanować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowane	emanować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanego	emanować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanego	emanować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanej	emanować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanemu	emanować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaniach	emanować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowania	emanować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowania	emanować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaniami	emanować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanie	emanować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowani	emanować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaniem	emanować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaniom	emanować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowaniu	emanować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowano	emanować	imps:imperf.perf		
emanowanych	emanować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanych	emanować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowany	emanować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowany	emanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanym	emanować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanym	emanować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowanymi	emanować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowań	emanować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emanowawszy	emanować	pant:perf		
emanująca	emanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emanującą	emanować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emanujące	emanować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emanujące	emanować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emanującego	emanować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emanującego	emanować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emanującej	emanować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emanując	emanować	pcon:imperf		
emanującemu	emanować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emanująco	emanować	pacta		
emanujących	emanować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emanujących	emanować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emanujący	emanować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emanujący	emanować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emanujący	emanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emanującym	emanować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emanującym	emanować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emanującymi	emanować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emanują	emanować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
emanujcie	emanować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
emanujecie	emanować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
emanuje	emanować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
emanuj	emanować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
emanujemy	emanować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
emanujesz	emanować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
emanuję	emanować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
emanujmy	emanować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
emausach	emaus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausami	emaus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emaus	emaus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emaus	emaus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausem	emaus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausie	emaus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausie	emaus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausom	emaus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausowi	emaus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausów	emaus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausu	emaus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausy	emaus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausy	emaus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emausy	emaus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embargach	embargo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarga	embargo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarga	embargo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarga	embargo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarga	embargo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargami	embargo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarg	embargo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargiem	embargo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargo	embargo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargo	embargo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargo	embargo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargom	embargo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargu	embargo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embargu	embargo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
embarkować	embarkować	inf:imperf		daw.
embarkowaliby	embarkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowalibyście	embarkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowalibyśmy	embarkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowali	embarkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
embarkowali	embarkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowaliście	embarkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowaliśmy	embarkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałaby	embarkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałabym	embarkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałabyś	embarkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowała	embarkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
embarkowała	embarkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałam	embarkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałaś	embarkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowałby	embarkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałbym	embarkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałbyś	embarkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkował	embarkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
embarkował	embarkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałem	embarkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałeś	embarkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowałoby	embarkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałobym	embarkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałobyś	embarkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowało	embarkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
embarkowało	embarkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałom	embarkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowałoś	embarkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowałyby	embarkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałybyście	embarkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowałybyśmy	embarkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowały	embarkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
embarkowały	embarkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkowałyście	embarkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkowałyśmy	embarkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkowaniach	embarkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowania	embarkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowania	embarkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowaniami	embarkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowanie	embarkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowaniem	embarkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowaniom	embarkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowaniu	embarkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkowano	embarkować	imps:imperf		daw.
embarkowań	embarkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
embarkująca	embarkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
embarkującą	embarkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
embarkujące	embarkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
embarkujące	embarkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
embarkującego	embarkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
embarkującego	embarkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
embarkującej	embarkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
embarkując	embarkować	pcon:imperf		daw.
embarkującemu	embarkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
embarkująco	embarkować	pacta		
embarkujących	embarkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
embarkujących	embarkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
embarkujący	embarkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
embarkujący	embarkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
embarkujący	embarkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
embarkującym	embarkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
embarkującym	embarkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
embarkującymi	embarkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
embarkują	embarkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkujcie	embarkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkujecie	embarkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkuje	embarkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
embarkuj	embarkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkujemy	embarkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkujesz	embarkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
embarkuję	embarkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
embarkujmy	embarkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
emblemacikach	emblemacik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacikami	emblemacik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacik	emblemacik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacik	emblemacik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciki	emblemacik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciki	emblemacik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciki	emblemacik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacikiem	emblemacik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacikom	emblemacik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacikowi	emblemacik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacików	emblemacik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciku	emblemacik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciku	emblemacik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemaciku	emblemacik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacie	emblemat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemacie	emblemat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematach	emblemat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematami	emblemat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemat	emblemat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblemat	emblemat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematem	emblemat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematom	emblemat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematowi	emblemat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematów	emblemat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematu	emblemat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematy	emblemat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematy	emblemat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematy	emblemat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emblematycznie	emblematycznie	adv:pos		
emblematycznościach	emblematyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematycznościami	emblematyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematycznością	emblematyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczności	emblematyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematycznościom	emblematyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczność	emblematyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczność	emblematyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emblematyczna	emblematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emblematyczną	emblematyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emblematyczną	emblematyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emblematyczne	emblematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emblematyczne	emblematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emblematyczne	emblematyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emblematyczne	emblematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emblematycznego	emblematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emblematycznego	emblematyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emblematycznej	emblematyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emblematycznej	emblematyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emblematycznej	emblematyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emblematycznemu	emblematyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emblematyczni	emblematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emblematyczno	emblematyczny	adja		
emblematycznych	emblematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emblematycznych	emblematyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emblematycznych	emblematyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emblematyczny	emblematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emblematyczny	emblematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emblematycznym	emblematyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emblematycznym	emblematyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emblematycznym	emblematyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emblematycznymi	emblematyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emboliach	embolia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolia	embolia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emboliami	embolia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolią	embolia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolie	embolia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolie	embolia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolie	embolia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolię	embolia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolii	embolia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embolii	embolia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolii	embolia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolii	embolia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolij	embolia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embolio	embolia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emboliom	embolia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacjach	embolizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacja	embolizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacjami	embolizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacją	embolizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacje	embolizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacje	embolizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacje	embolizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizację	embolizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacji	embolizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embolizacji	embolizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacji	embolizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacji	embolizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacjo	embolizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacjom	embolizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embolizacyj	embolizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriogenetycznościach	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetycznościami	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetycznością	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczności	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetycznościom	embriogenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczność	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczność	embriogenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenetyczna	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
embriogenetyczną	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
embriogenetyczną	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
embriogenetyczne	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenetyczne	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenetyczne	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetyczne	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetycznego	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
embriogenetycznego	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetycznej	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
embriogenetycznej	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
embriogenetycznej	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
embriogenetycznemu	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetyczni	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
embriogenetyczno	embriogenetyczny	adja		
embriogenetycznych	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
embriogenetycznych	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenetycznych	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenetyczny	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
embriogenetyczny	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
embriogenetycznym	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenetycznym	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetycznym	embriogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriogenetycznymi	embriogenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriogenezach	embriogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogeneza	embriogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezami	embriogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezą	embriogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenez	embriogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezę	embriogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezie	embriogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezie	embriogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezo	embriogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezom	embriogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezy	embriogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezy	embriogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezy	embriogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenezy	embriogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogeniach	embriogenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenia	embriogenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogeniami	embriogenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenią	embriogenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenie	embriogenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenie	embriogenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenie	embriogenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenię	embriogenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenii	embriogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embriogenii	embriogenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenii	embriogenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenii	embriogenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogenij	embriogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriogenio	embriogenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriogeniom	embriogenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografiach	embriografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografia	embriografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografiami	embriografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografią	embriografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografie	embriografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografie	embriografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografie	embriografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografię	embriografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografii	embriografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embriografii	embriografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografii	embriografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografii	embriografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografij	embriografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriografio	embriografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriografiom	embriografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriolodzy	embriolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriolodzy	embriolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologach	embriolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologa	embriolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologa	embriolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologami	embriolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriolog	embriolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologi	embriolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embriologi	embriolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiem	embriolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologom	embriolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologowie	embriolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologowie	embriolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologowi	embriolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologów	embriolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologów	embriolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologu	embriolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologu	embriolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiach	embriologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologia	embriologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiami	embriologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologią	embriologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologie	embriologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologie	embriologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologie	embriologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologię	embriologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologii	embriologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embriologii	embriologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologii	embriologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologii	embriologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologij	embriologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriologio	embriologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiom	embriologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologicznościach	embriologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologicznościami	embriologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologicznością	embriologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczności	embriologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologicznościom	embriologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczność	embriologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczność	embriologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriologiczna	embriologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
embriologiczną	embriologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
embriologiczną	embriologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
embriologiczne	embriologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embriologiczne	embriologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embriologiczne	embriologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
embriologiczne	embriologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
embriologicznego	embriologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
embriologicznego	embriologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriologicznej	embriologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
embriologicznej	embriologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
embriologicznej	embriologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
embriologicznemu	embriologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriologiczni	embriologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
embriologiczno	embriologiczny	adja		
embriologicznych	embriologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
embriologicznych	embriologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriologicznych	embriologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriologiczny	embriologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
embriologiczny	embriologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
embriologicznym	embriologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embriologicznym	embriologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriologicznym	embriologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embriologicznymi	embriologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embrionach	embrion	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionach	embrion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriona	embrion	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriona	embrion	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionami	embrion	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionami	embrion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrion	embrion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrion	embrion	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrion	embrion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionem	embrion	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionem	embrion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionie	embrion	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionie	embrion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionie	embrion	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionie	embrion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionom	embrion	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionom	embrion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionowi	embrion	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionowi	embrion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionów	embrion	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionów	embrion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionu	embrion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embriony	embrion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
embrionalizmach	embrionalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmami	embrionalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizm	embrionalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizm	embrionalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmem	embrionalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmie	embrionalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmie	embrionalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmom	embrionalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmowi	embrionalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmów	embrionalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmu	embrionalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmy	embrionalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmy	embrionalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalizmy	embrionalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalnościach	embrionalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalnościami	embrionalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalnością	embrionalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalności	embrionalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalnościom	embrionalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalność	embrionalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalność	embrionalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalna	embrionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
embrionalną	embrionalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
embrionalną	embrionalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
embrionalne	embrionalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalne	embrionalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalne	embrionalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
embrionalne	embrionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
embrionalnego	embrionalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
embrionalnego	embrionalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embrionalnej	embrionalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
embrionalnej	embrionalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
embrionalnej	embrionalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
embrionalnemu	embrionalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embrionalni	embrionalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
embrionalno	embrionalny	adja		
embrionalnych	embrionalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
embrionalnych	embrionalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalnych	embrionalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalny	embrionalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
embrionalny	embrionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
embrionalnym	embrionalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalnym	embrionalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embrionalnym	embrionalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
embrionalnymi	embrionalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
embrionalach	embrional:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionala	embrional:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionala	embrional:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalami	embrional:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrional	embrional:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalem	embrional:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionali	embrional:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionali	embrional:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalom	embrional:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalowi	embrional:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalów	embrional:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalów	embrional:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalu	embrional:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalu	embrional:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalach	embrional:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionala	embrional:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionala	embrional:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalami	embrional:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionale	embrional:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrional	embrional:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalem	embrional:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionali	embrional:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalom	embrional:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalowi	embrional:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalów	embrional:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalu	embrional:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embrionalu	embrional:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatiach	embriopatia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatia	embriopatia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatiami	embriopatia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatią	embriopatia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatie	embriopatia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatie	embriopatia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatie	embriopatia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatię	embriopatia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatii	embriopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embriopatii	embriopatia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatii	embriopatia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatii	embriopatia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatio	embriopatia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatiom	embriopatia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriopatyj	embriopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriotomiach	embriotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomia	embriotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomiami	embriotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomią	embriotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomie	embriotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomie	embriotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomie	embriotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomię	embriotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomii	embriotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
embriotomii	embriotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomii	embriotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomii	embriotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomij	embriotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
embriotomio	embriotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
embriotomiom	embriotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacjach	emendacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacja	emendacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacjami	emendacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacją	emendacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacje	emendacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacje	emendacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacje	emendacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendację	emendacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacji	emendacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emendacji	emendacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacji	emendacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacji	emendacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacjo	emendacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacjom	emendacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emendacyj	emendacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ementalerach	ementaler	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalera	ementaler	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerami	ementaler	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerem	ementaler	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementaler	ementaler	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementaler	ementaler	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerom	ementaler	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerowi	ementaler	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerów	ementaler	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalery	ementaler	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalery	ementaler	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalery	ementaler	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerze	ementaler	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalerze	ementaler	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ementalscy	ementalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ementalska	ementalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ementalską	ementalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ementalską	ementalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ementalskich	ementalski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ementalskich	ementalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ementalskich	ementalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ementalskie	ementalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ementalskie	ementalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ementalskie	ementalski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ementalskie	ementalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ementalskiego	ementalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ementalskiego	ementalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ementalskiej	ementalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ementalskiej	ementalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ementalskiej	ementalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ementalski	ementalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ementalski	ementalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ementalskiemu	ementalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ementalskim	ementalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ementalskim	ementalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ementalskim	ementalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ementalskimi	ementalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ementalsko	ementalski	adja		
ementalsku	ementalski	adjp		
ementalsko	ementalsko	adv:pos		
ementalskościach	ementalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskościami	ementalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskością	ementalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskości	ementalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskościom	ementalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskość	ementalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ementalskość	ementalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencjach	emergencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencja	emergencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencjami	emergencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencją	emergencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencje	emergencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencje	emergencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencje	emergencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencję	emergencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencji	emergencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emergencji	emergencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencji	emergencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencji	emergencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencjo	emergencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencjom	emergencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergencyj	emergencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emergentnościach	emergentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentnościami	emergentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentnością	emergentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentności	emergentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentnościom	emergentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentność	emergentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentność	emergentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emergentna	emergentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emergentną	emergentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emergentną	emergentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emergentne	emergentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emergentne	emergentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emergentne	emergentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emergentne	emergentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emergentnego	emergentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emergentnego	emergentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emergentnej	emergentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emergentnej	emergentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emergentnej	emergentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emergentnemu	emergentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emergentni	emergentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emergentno	emergentny	adja		
emergentnych	emergentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emergentnych	emergentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emergentnych	emergentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emergentny	emergentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emergentny	emergentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emergentnym	emergentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emergentnym	emergentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emergentnym	emergentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emergentnymi	emergentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emergentyzmach	emergentyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmami	emergentyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmem	emergentyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzm	emergentyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzm	emergentyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmie	emergentyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmie	emergentyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmom	emergentyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmowi	emergentyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmów	emergentyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmu	emergentyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmy	emergentyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmy	emergentyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emergentyzmy	emergentyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emeryccy	emerycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emerycka	emerycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emerycką	emerycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emerycką	emerycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emeryckich	emerycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emeryckich	emerycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emeryckich	emerycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emeryckie	emerycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emeryckie	emerycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emeryckie	emerycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emeryckie	emerycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emeryckiego	emerycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emeryckiego	emerycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emeryckiej	emerycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emeryckiej	emerycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emeryckiej	emerycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emerycki	emerycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emerycki	emerycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emeryckiemu	emerycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emeryckim	emerycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emeryckim	emerycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emeryckim	emerycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emeryckimi	emerycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emerycko	emerycki	adja		
emerycku	emerycki	adjp		
emerycko	emerycko	adv:pos		
emeryckościach	emeryckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckościami	emeryckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckością	emeryckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckości	emeryckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckościom	emeryckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckość	emeryckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryckość	emeryckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerycie	emeryt	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerycie	emeryt	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryci	emeryt	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryci	emeryt	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytach	emeryt	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryta	emeryt	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryta	emeryt	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytami	emeryt	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytem	emeryt	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryt	emeryt	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytom	emeryt	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytowi	emeryt	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytów	emeryt	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emerytów	emeryt	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emeryty	emeryt	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emeryty	emeryt	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalnie	emerytalnie	adv:pos		
emerytalnościach	emerytalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalnościami	emerytalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalnością	emerytalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalności	emerytalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalnościom	emerytalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalność	emerytalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalność	emerytalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytalna	emerytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emerytalną	emerytalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emerytalną	emerytalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emerytalne	emerytalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emerytalne	emerytalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emerytalne	emerytalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emerytalne	emerytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emerytalnego	emerytalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emerytalnego	emerytalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emerytalnej	emerytalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emerytalnej	emerytalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emerytalnej	emerytalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emerytalnemu	emerytalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emerytalni	emerytalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emerytalno	emerytalny	adja		
emerytalnych	emerytalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emerytalnych	emerytalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emerytalnych	emerytalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emerytalny	emerytalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emerytalny	emerytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emerytalnym	emerytalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emerytalnym	emerytalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emerytalnym	emerytalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emerytalnymi	emerytalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emerytce	emerytka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytce	emerytka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytek	emerytka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytkach	emerytka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytka	emerytka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytkami	emerytka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytką	emerytka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytkę	emerytka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytki	emerytka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytki	emerytka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytki	emerytka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytki	emerytka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytko	emerytka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytkom	emerytka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytować	emerytować	inf:imperf		
emerytowaliby	emerytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emerytowalibyście	emerytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emerytowalibyśmy	emerytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emerytowali	emerytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emerytowali	emerytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emerytowaliście	emerytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emerytowaliśmy	emerytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emerytowałaby	emerytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emerytowałabym	emerytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emerytowałabyś	emerytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emerytowała	emerytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emerytowała	emerytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emerytowałam	emerytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emerytowałaś	emerytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emerytowałby	emerytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emerytowałbym	emerytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emerytowałbyś	emerytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emerytowałem	emerytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emerytował	emerytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emerytował	emerytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emerytowałeś	emerytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emerytowałoby	emerytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emerytowałobym	emerytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emerytowałobyś	emerytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emerytowało	emerytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emerytowało	emerytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emerytowałom	emerytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emerytowałoś	emerytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emerytowałyby	emerytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emerytowałybyście	emerytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emerytowałybyśmy	emerytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emerytowały	emerytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emerytowały	emerytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emerytowałyście	emerytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emerytowałyśmy	emerytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emerytowana	emerytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emerytowaną	emerytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emerytowane	emerytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytowane	emerytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowanego	emerytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emerytowanego	emerytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowanej	emerytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emerytowanemu	emerytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowaniach	emerytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowania	emerytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowania	emerytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowaniami	emerytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowanie	emerytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowaniem	emerytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowani	emerytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emerytowaniom	emerytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowaniu	emerytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowano	emerytować	imps:imperf		
emerytowanych	emerytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emerytowanych	emerytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytowany	emerytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emerytowany	emerytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emerytowanym	emerytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytowanym	emerytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytowanymi	emerytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytowań	emerytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emerytująca	emerytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emerytującą	emerytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emerytujące	emerytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytujące	emerytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytującego	emerytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emerytującego	emerytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytującej	emerytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emerytując	emerytować	pcon:imperf		
emerytującemu	emerytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytująco	emerytować	pacta		
emerytujących	emerytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emerytujących	emerytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytujący	emerytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emerytujący	emerytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emerytujący	emerytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emerytującym	emerytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytującym	emerytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emerytującymi	emerytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emerytują	emerytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emerytujcie	emerytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emerytujecie	emerytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emerytuje	emerytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emerytuj	emerytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emerytujemy	emerytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emerytujesz	emerytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emerytuję	emerytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emerytujmy	emerytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emeryturach	emerytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytura	emerytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturami	emerytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturą	emerytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytur	emerytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturę	emerytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturo	emerytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturom	emerytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytury	emerytura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytury	emerytura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytury	emerytura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emerytury	emerytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturze	emerytura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturze	emerytura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturce	emeryturka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturce	emeryturka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturek	emeryturka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturkach	emeryturka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturka	emeryturka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturkami	emeryturka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturką	emeryturka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturkę	emeryturka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturki	emeryturka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturki	emeryturka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturki	emeryturka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturki	emeryturka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturko	emeryturka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emeryturkom	emeryturka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetycznościach	emetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetycznościami	emetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetycznością	emetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczności	emetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetycznościom	emetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczność	emetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczność	emetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyczna	emetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emetyczną	emetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emetyczną	emetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emetyczne	emetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emetyczne	emetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emetyczne	emetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emetyczne	emetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emetycznego	emetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emetycznego	emetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emetycznej	emetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emetycznej	emetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emetycznej	emetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emetycznemu	emetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emetyczni	emetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emetyczno	emetyczny	adja		
emetycznych	emetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emetycznych	emetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emetycznych	emetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emetyczny	emetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emetyczny	emetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emetycznym	emetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emetycznym	emetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emetycznym	emetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emetycznymi	emetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emetykach	emetyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetykami	emetyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyk	emetyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyk	emetyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetykiem	emetyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyki	emetyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyki	emetyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyki	emetyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetykom	emetyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetykowi	emetyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyków	emetyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyku	emetyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyku	emetyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetyku	emetyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emetynach	emetyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyna	emetyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetynami	emetyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyną	emetyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyn	emetyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetynę	emetyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetynie	emetyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetynie	emetyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyno	emetyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetynom	emetyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyny	emetyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyny	emetyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyny	emetyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emetyny	emetyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatycznie	emfatycznie	adv:pos		
emfatycznościach	emfatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatycznościami	emfatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatycznością	emfatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczności	emfatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatycznościom	emfatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczność	emfatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczność	emfatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfatyczna	emfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emfatyczną	emfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emfatyczną	emfatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emfatyczne	emfatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emfatyczne	emfatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emfatyczne	emfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emfatyczne	emfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emfatycznego	emfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emfatycznego	emfatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfatycznej	emfatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emfatycznej	emfatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emfatycznej	emfatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emfatycznemu	emfatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfatyczni	emfatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emfatyczno	emfatyczny	adja		
emfatycznych	emfatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emfatycznych	emfatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfatycznych	emfatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfatyczny	emfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emfatyczny	emfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emfatycznym	emfatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfatycznym	emfatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfatycznym	emfatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfatycznymi	emfatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfazach	emfaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfaza	emfaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazami	emfaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazą	emfaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfaz	emfaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazę	emfaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazie	emfaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazie	emfaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazo	emfaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazom	emfaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazy	emfaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazy	emfaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazy	emfaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfazy	emfaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteucie	emfiteuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteucie	emfiteuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuci	emfiteuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuci	emfiteuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutach	emfiteuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuta	emfiteuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutami	emfiteuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutą	emfiteuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutę	emfiteuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuto	emfiteuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutom	emfiteuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutów	emfiteuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutów	emfiteuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuty	emfiteuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuty	emfiteuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuty	emfiteuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutycznościach	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutycznościami	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutycznością	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczności	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutycznościom	emfiteutyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczność	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczność	emfiteutyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteutyczna	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emfiteutyczną	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emfiteutyczną	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emfiteutyczne	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteutyczne	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteutyczne	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutyczne	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutycznego	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emfiteutycznego	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutycznej	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emfiteutycznej	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emfiteutycznej	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emfiteutycznemu	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutyczni	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emfiteutyczno	emfiteutyczny	adja		
emfiteutycznych	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emfiteutycznych	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteutycznych	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteutyczny	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emfiteutyczny	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emfiteutycznym	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteutycznym	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutycznym	emfiteutyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emfiteutycznymi	emfiteutyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emfiteuzach	emfiteuza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuza	emfiteuza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzami	emfiteuza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzą	emfiteuza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuz	emfiteuza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzę	emfiteuza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzie	emfiteuza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzie	emfiteuza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzo	emfiteuza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzom	emfiteuza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzy	emfiteuza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzy	emfiteuza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzy	emfiteuza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emfiteuzy	emfiteuza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracjach	emigracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracja	emigracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracjami	emigracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracją	emigracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracje	emigracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracje	emigracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracje	emigracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrację	emigracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracji	emigracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emigracji	emigracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracji	emigracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracji	emigracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracjo	emigracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracjom	emigracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyj	emigracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emigracyjnościach	emigracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjnościami	emigracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjnością	emigracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjności	emigracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjnościom	emigracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjność	emigracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjność	emigracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigracyjna	emigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emigracyjną	emigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emigracyjną	emigracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emigracyjne	emigracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emigracyjne	emigracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emigracyjne	emigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjne	emigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjnego	emigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emigracyjnego	emigracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjnej	emigracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emigracyjnej	emigracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emigracyjnej	emigracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emigracyjnemu	emigracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjni	emigracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emigracyjno	emigracyjny	adja		
emigracyjnych	emigracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emigracyjnych	emigracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigracyjnych	emigracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigracyjny	emigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emigracyjny	emigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emigracyjnym	emigracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigracyjnym	emigracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjnym	emigracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigracyjnymi	emigracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigranccy	emigrancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emigrancka	emigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emigrancką	emigrancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emigrancką	emigrancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emigranckich	emigrancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emigranckich	emigrancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigranckich	emigrancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigranckie	emigrancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emigranckie	emigrancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emigranckie	emigrancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emigranckie	emigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emigranckiego	emigrancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emigranckiego	emigrancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigranckiej	emigrancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emigranckiej	emigrancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emigranckiej	emigrancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emigrancki	emigrancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emigrancki	emigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emigranckiemu	emigrancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigranckim	emigrancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigranckim	emigrancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigranckim	emigrancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emigranckimi	emigrancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emigrancko	emigrancki	adja		
emigrancku	emigrancki	adjp		
emigrancko	emigrancko	adv:pos		
emigranckościach	emigranckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckościami	emigranckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckością	emigranckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckości	emigranckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckościom	emigranckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckość	emigranckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranckość	emigranckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwach	emigranctwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwa	emigranctwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwa	emigranctwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwa	emigranctwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwa	emigranctwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwami	emigranctwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwem	emigranctwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctw	emigranctwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwie	emigranctwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwo	emigranctwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwo	emigranctwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwo	emigranctwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwom	emigranctwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranctwu	emigranctwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emigrancie	emigrant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrancie	emigrant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigranci	emigrant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigranci	emigrant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantach	emigrant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigranta	emigrant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigranta	emigrant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantami	emigrant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantem	emigrant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrant	emigrant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantom	emigrant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantowi	emigrant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantów	emigrant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantów	emigrant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigranty	emigrant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emigranty	emigrant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantce	emigrantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantce	emigrantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantek	emigrantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantkach	emigrantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantka	emigrantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantkami	emigrantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantką	emigrantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantkę	emigrantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantki	emigrantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantki	emigrantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantki	emigrantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantki	emigrantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantko	emigrantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrantkom	emigrantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emigrańscy	emigrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		indyw.
emigrańska	emigrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		indyw.
emigrańską	emigrański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		indyw.
emigrańską	emigrański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		indyw.
emigrańskich	emigrański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		indyw.
emigrańskich	emigrański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskich	emigrański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskie	emigrański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskie	emigrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskie	emigrański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskie	emigrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiego	emigrański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiego	emigrański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiej	emigrański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiej	emigrański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiej	emigrański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		indyw.
emigrański	emigrański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		indyw.
emigrański	emigrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskiemu	emigrański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskim	emigrański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańskim	emigrański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskim	emigrański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
emigrańskimi	emigrański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
emigrańsko	emigrański	adja		indyw.
emigrańsku	emigrański	adjp		indyw.
emigrańsko	emigrańsko	adv:pos		daw.
emigrańskościach	emigrańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskościami	emigrańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskością	emigrańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskości	emigrańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskościom	emigrańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskość	emigrańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrańskość	emigrańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
emigrować	emigrować	inf:imperf		
emigrowaliby	emigrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emigrowalibyście	emigrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emigrowalibyśmy	emigrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emigrowali	emigrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emigrowali	emigrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emigrowaliście	emigrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emigrowaliśmy	emigrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emigrowałaby	emigrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emigrowałabym	emigrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emigrowałabyś	emigrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emigrowała	emigrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emigrowała	emigrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emigrowałam	emigrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emigrowałaś	emigrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emigrowałby	emigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emigrowałbym	emigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emigrowałbyś	emigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emigrowałem	emigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emigrował	emigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emigrował	emigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emigrowałeś	emigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emigrowałoby	emigrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emigrowałobym	emigrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emigrowałobyś	emigrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emigrowało	emigrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emigrowało	emigrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emigrowałom	emigrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emigrowałoś	emigrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emigrowałyby	emigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emigrowałybyście	emigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emigrowałybyśmy	emigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emigrowały	emigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emigrowały	emigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emigrowałyście	emigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emigrowałyśmy	emigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emigrowaniach	emigrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowania	emigrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowania	emigrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowaniami	emigrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowanie	emigrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowaniem	emigrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowaniom	emigrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowaniu	emigrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrowano	emigrować	imps:imperf		
emigrowań	emigrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emigrująca	emigrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emigrującą	emigrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emigrujące	emigrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emigrujące	emigrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emigrującego	emigrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emigrującego	emigrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emigrującej	emigrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emigrując	emigrować	pcon:imperf		
emigrującemu	emigrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emigrująco	emigrować	pacta		
emigrujących	emigrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emigrujących	emigrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emigrujący	emigrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emigrujący	emigrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emigrujący	emigrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emigrującym	emigrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emigrującym	emigrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emigrującymi	emigrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emigrują	emigrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emigrujcie	emigrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emigrujecie	emigrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emigruje	emigrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emigruj	emigrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emigrujemy	emigrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emigrujesz	emigrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emigruję	emigrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emigrujmy	emigrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emigrusach	emigrus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusa	emigrus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusa	emigrus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusami	emigrus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusem	emigrus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrus	emigrus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusie	emigrus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusie	emigrus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusi	emigrus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusi	emigrus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusom	emigrus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusowi	emigrus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusów	emigrus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusów	emigrus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusy	emigrus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emigrusy	emigrus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjach	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencja	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjami	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencją	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencję	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eminencji	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjo	eminencja:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjom	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminencyj	eminencja:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eminencjach	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencja	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjami	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencją	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencje	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencję	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencji	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjo	eminencja:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminencjom	eminencja:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eminentnościach	eminentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentnościami	eminentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentnością	eminentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentności	eminentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentnościom	eminentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentność	eminentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentność	eminentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eminentna	eminentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eminentną	eminentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eminentną	eminentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eminentne	eminentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eminentne	eminentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eminentne	eminentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eminentne	eminentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eminentnego	eminentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eminentnego	eminentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eminentnej	eminentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eminentnej	eminentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eminentnej	eminentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eminentnemu	eminentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eminentni	eminentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eminentno	eminentny	adja		
eminentnych	eminentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eminentnych	eminentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eminentnych	eminentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eminentny	eminentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eminentny	eminentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eminentnym	eminentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eminentnym	eminentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eminentnym	eminentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eminentnymi	eminentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emirach	emir	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emira	emir	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emira	emir	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirami	emir	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirem	emir	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emir	emir	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirom	emir	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirowie	emir	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirowie	emir	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirowi	emir	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirów	emir	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirów	emir	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emiry	emir	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emiry	emir	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emirze	emir	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emirze	emir	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emiracie	emirat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiracie	emirat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratach	emirat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratami	emirat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratem	emirat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emirat	emirat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emirat	emirat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratom	emirat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratowi	emirat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratów	emirat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiratu	emirat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiraty	emirat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiraty	emirat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiraty	emirat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszach	emisariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusza	emisariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusza	emisariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszami	emisariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusze	emisariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusze	emisariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusze	emisariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusze	emisariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszem	emisariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariusz	emisariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszom	emisariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszowi	emisariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszów	emisariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszów	emisariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszu	emisariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszu	emisariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszy	emisariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszy	emisariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszce	emisariuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszce	emisariuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszek	emisariuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszkach	emisariuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszka	emisariuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszkami	emisariuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszką	emisariuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszkę	emisariuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszki	emisariuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszki	emisariuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszki	emisariuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszki	emisariuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszko	emisariuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisariuszkom	emisariuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarce	emisarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarce	emisarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarek	emisarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarkach	emisarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarka	emisarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarkami	emisarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarką	emisarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarkę	emisarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarki	emisarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarki	emisarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarki	emisarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarki	emisarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarko	emisarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisarkom	emisarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisjach	emisja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisja	emisja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisjami	emisja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisją	emisja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisje	emisja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisje	emisja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisje	emisja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisję	emisja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisji	emisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emisji	emisja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisji	emisja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisji	emisja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisjo	emisja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisjom	emisja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyj	emisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emisyjnościach	emisyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjnościami	emisyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjnością	emisyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjności	emisyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjnościom	emisyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjność	emisyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjność	emisyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emisyjna	emisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emisyjną	emisyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emisyjną	emisyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emisyjne	emisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emisyjne	emisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emisyjne	emisyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emisyjne	emisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emisyjnego	emisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emisyjnego	emisyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emisyjnej	emisyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emisyjnej	emisyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emisyjnej	emisyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emisyjnemu	emisyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emisyjni	emisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emisyjno	emisyjny	adja		
emisyjnych	emisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emisyjnych	emisyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emisyjnych	emisyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emisyjny	emisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emisyjny	emisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emisyjnym	emisyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emisyjnym	emisyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emisyjnym	emisyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emisyjnymi	emisyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emitencie	emitent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitencie	emitent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitenci	emitent	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitenci	emitent	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentach	emitent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitenta	emitent	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitenta	emitent	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentami	emitent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentem	emitent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitent	emitent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentom	emitent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentowi	emitent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentów	emitent	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitentów	emitent	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emitenty	emitent	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emitenty	emitent	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emiterach	emiter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitera	emiter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterami	emiter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterem	emiter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiter	emiter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiter	emiter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterom	emiter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterowi	emiter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterów	emiter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitery	emiter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitery	emiter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitery	emiter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterze	emiter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emiterze	emiter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorach	emitor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitora	emitor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorami	emitor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorem	emitor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitor	emitor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitor	emitor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorom	emitor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorowi	emitor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorów	emitor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitory	emitor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitory	emitor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitory	emitor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorze	emitor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitorze	emitor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitować	emitować	inf:imperf.perf		
emitowaliby	emitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowalibyście	emitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowalibyśmy	emitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowali	emitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
emitowali	emitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowaliście	emitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowaliśmy	emitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałaby	emitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałabym	emitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałabyś	emitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowała	emitować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
emitowała	emitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałam	emitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałaś	emitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałby	emitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałbym	emitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałbyś	emitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałem	emitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
emitował	emitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
emitował	emitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałeś	emitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałoby	emitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałobym	emitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałobyś	emitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowało	emitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
emitowało	emitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałom	emitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowałoś	emitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałyby	emitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałybyście	emitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałybyśmy	emitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowały	emitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
emitowały	emitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
emitowałyście	emitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
emitowałyśmy	emitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
emitowana	emitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaną	emitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowane	emitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowane	emitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanego	emitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanego	emitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanej	emitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanemu	emitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaniach	emitować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowania	emitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowania	emitować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaniami	emitować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanie	emitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaniem	emitować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowani	emitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaniom	emitować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowaniu	emitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowano	emitować	imps:imperf.perf		
emitowanych	emitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanych	emitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowany	emitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowany	emitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanym	emitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanym	emitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowanymi	emitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowań	emitować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
emitowawszy	emitować	pant:perf		
emitująca	emitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emitującą	emitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emitujące	emitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emitujące	emitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emitującego	emitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emitującego	emitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emitującej	emitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emitując	emitować	pcon:imperf		
emitującemu	emitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emitująco	emitować	pacta		
emitujących	emitować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emitujących	emitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emitujący	emitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emitujący	emitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emitujący	emitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emitującym	emitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emitującym	emitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emitującymi	emitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emitują	emitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
emitujcie	emitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
emitujecie	emitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
emituje	emitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
emituj	emitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
emitujemy	emitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
emitujesz	emitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
emituję	emitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
emitujmy	emitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
emitronach	emitron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronami	emitron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronem	emitron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitron	emitron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitron	emitron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronie	emitron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronie	emitron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronom	emitron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronowi	emitron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronów	emitron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitronu	emitron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitrony	emitron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitrony	emitron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emitrony	emitron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emce	emka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emce	emka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emek	emka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emkach	emka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emka	emka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emkami	emka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emką	emka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emkę	emka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emki	emka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emki	emka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emki	emka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emki	emka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emko	emka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emkom	emka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		środ.
emo	emo:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		środ.
emocjach	emocja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocja	emocja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjami	emocja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocją	emocja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocje	emocja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocje	emocja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocje	emocja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocję	emocja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocji	emocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emocji	emocja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocji	emocja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocji	emocja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjo	emocja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjom	emocja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyj	emocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emocjonalistach	emocjonalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalista	emocjonalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistami	emocjonalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistą	emocjonalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistę	emocjonalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalisto	emocjonalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistom	emocjonalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistów	emocjonalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistów	emocjonalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalisty	emocjonalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalisty	emocjonalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalisty	emocjonalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonaliście	emocjonalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonaliście	emocjonalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonaliści	emocjonalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonaliści	emocjonalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistycznościach	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistycznościami	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistycznością	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczności	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistycznościom	emocjonalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczność	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczność	emocjonalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalistyczna	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emocjonalistyczną	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emocjonalistyczną	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emocjonalistyczne	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalistyczne	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalistyczne	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistyczne	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistycznego	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emocjonalistycznego	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistycznej	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emocjonalistycznej	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emocjonalistycznej	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emocjonalistycznemu	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistyczni	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonalistyczno	emocjonalistyczny	adja		
emocjonalistycznych	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonalistycznych	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalistycznych	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalistyczny	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emocjonalistyczny	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emocjonalistycznym	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalistycznym	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistycznym	emocjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalistycznymi	emocjonalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalizacjach	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacja	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacjami	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacją	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacje	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacje	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacje	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizację	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacji	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emocjonalizacji	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacji	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacji	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacjo	emocjonalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacjom	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizacyj	emocjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emocjonalizmach	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmami	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmem	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizm	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizm	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmie	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmie	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmom	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmowi	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmów	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmu	emocjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmy	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmy	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalizmy	emocjonalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnie	emocjonalnie	adv:pos		
emocjonalnościach	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnościami	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnością	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnościom	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalność	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalność	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnościach	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnościami	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnością	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalności	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalnościom	emocjonalność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalność	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalność	emocjonalność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocjonalna	emocjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emocjonalną	emocjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emocjonalną	emocjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emocjonalne	emocjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalne	emocjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalne	emocjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalne	emocjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalnego	emocjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emocjonalnego	emocjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalnej	emocjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emocjonalnej	emocjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emocjonalnej	emocjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emocjonalnemu	emocjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalni	emocjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonalno	emocjonalny	adja		
emocjonalnych	emocjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonalnych	emocjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalnych	emocjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalny	emocjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emocjonalny	emocjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emocjonalnym	emocjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonalnym	emocjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalnym	emocjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonalnymi	emocjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonować	emocjonować	inf:imperf		
emocjonowaliby	emocjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emocjonowalibyście	emocjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emocjonowalibyśmy	emocjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emocjonowali	emocjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emocjonowali	emocjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emocjonowaliście	emocjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emocjonowaliśmy	emocjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałaby	emocjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałabym	emocjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałabyś	emocjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emocjonowała	emocjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emocjonowała	emocjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałam	emocjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałaś	emocjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałby	emocjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałbym	emocjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałbyś	emocjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałem	emocjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emocjonował	emocjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emocjonował	emocjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałeś	emocjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałoby	emocjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałobym	emocjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałobyś	emocjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emocjonowało	emocjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emocjonowało	emocjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałom	emocjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emocjonowałoś	emocjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałyby	emocjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałybyście	emocjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałybyśmy	emocjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emocjonowały	emocjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emocjonowały	emocjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emocjonowałyście	emocjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emocjonowałyśmy	emocjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emocjonowana	emocjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaną	emocjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonowane	emocjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowane	emocjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanego	emocjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanego	emocjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanej	emocjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanemu	emocjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaniach	emocjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowania	emocjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowania	emocjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaniami	emocjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanie	emocjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaniem	emocjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowani	emocjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaniom	emocjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowaniu	emocjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowano	emocjonować	imps:imperf		
emocjonowanych	emocjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanych	emocjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowany	emocjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowany	emocjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanym	emocjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanym	emocjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonowanymi	emocjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonowań	emocjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonująca	emocjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonującą	emocjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonujące	emocjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonujące	emocjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonującego	emocjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emocjonującego	emocjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonującej	emocjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emocjonując	emocjonować	pcon:imperf		
emocjonującemu	emocjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonująco	emocjonować	pacta		
emocjonujących	emocjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emocjonujących	emocjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonujący	emocjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emocjonujący	emocjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emocjonujący	emocjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emocjonującym	emocjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonującym	emocjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emocjonującymi	emocjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emocjonują	emocjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emocjonujcie	emocjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emocjonujecie	emocjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emocjonuje	emocjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emocjonuj	emocjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emocjonujemy	emocjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emocjonujesz	emocjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emocjonuję	emocjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emocjonujmy	emocjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emocjonująco	emocjonująco	adv:pos		
emocjonująca	emocjonujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emocjonującą	emocjonujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emocjonującą	emocjonujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emocjonujące	emocjonujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonujące	emocjonujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonujące	emocjonujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonujące	emocjonujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emocjonującego	emocjonujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emocjonującego	emocjonujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonującej	emocjonujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emocjonującej	emocjonujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emocjonującej	emocjonujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emocjonującemu	emocjonujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonująco	emocjonujący	adja		
emocjonujących	emocjonujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonujących	emocjonujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonujących	emocjonujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonujący	emocjonujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emocjonujący	emocjonujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emocjonujący	emocjonujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emocjonującym	emocjonujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocjonującym	emocjonujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonującym	emocjonujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocjonującymi	emocjonujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjnie	emocyjnie	adv:pos		
emocyjnościach	emocyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjnościami	emocyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjnością	emocyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjności	emocyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjnościom	emocyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjność	emocyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjność	emocyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emocyjna	emocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emocyjną	emocyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emocyjną	emocyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emocyjne	emocyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjne	emocyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjne	emocyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emocyjne	emocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emocyjnego	emocyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emocyjnego	emocyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocyjnej	emocyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emocyjnej	emocyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emocyjnej	emocyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emocyjnemu	emocyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocyjni	emocyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emocyjno	emocyjny	adja		
emocyjnych	emocyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emocyjnych	emocyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjnych	emocyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjny	emocyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emocyjny	emocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emocyjnym	emocyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emocyjnym	emocyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocyjnym	emocyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emocyjnymi	emocyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emoliencie	emolient	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emoliencie	emolient	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientach	emolient	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientami	emolient	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientem	emolient	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolient	emolient	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolient	emolient	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientom	emolient	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientowi	emolient	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientów	emolient	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolientu	emolient	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolienty	emolient	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolienty	emolient	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emolienty	emolient	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emorejscy	emorejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emorejska	emorejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emorejską	emorejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emorejską	emorejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emorejskich	emorejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emorejskich	emorejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emorejskich	emorejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emorejskie	emorejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emorejskie	emorejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emorejskie	emorejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emorejskie	emorejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emorejskiego	emorejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emorejskiego	emorejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emorejskiej	emorejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emorejskiej	emorejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emorejskiej	emorejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emorejski	emorejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emorejski	emorejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emorejskiemu	emorejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emorejskim	emorejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emorejskim	emorejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emorejskim	emorejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emorejskimi	emorejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emorejsko	emorejski	adja		
emorejsku	emorejski	adjp		
emorejsko	emorejsko	adv:pos		
emorejskościach	emorejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskościami	emorejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskością	emorejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskości	emorejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskościom	emorejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskość	emorejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emorejskość	emorejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emo	emo:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
emotikonach	emotikon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonami	emotikon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonem	emotikon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikon	emotikon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikon	emotikon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonie	emotikon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonie	emotikon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonom	emotikon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonowi	emotikon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonów	emotikon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikonu	emotikon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikony	emotikon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikony	emotikon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotikony	emotikon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmach	emotywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmami	emotywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmem	emotywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizm	emotywizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizm	emotywizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmie	emotywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmie	emotywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmom	emotywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmowi	emotywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmów	emotywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmu	emotywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmy	emotywizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmy	emotywizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywizmy	emotywizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emotywnie	emotywnie	adv:pos		
emotywnościach	emotywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywnościami	emotywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywnością	emotywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywności	emotywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywnościom	emotywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywność	emotywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywność	emotywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emotywna	emotywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emotywną	emotywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emotywną	emotywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emotywne	emotywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emotywne	emotywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emotywne	emotywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emotywne	emotywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emotywnego	emotywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emotywnego	emotywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emotywnej	emotywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emotywnej	emotywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emotywnej	emotywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emotywnemu	emotywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emotywni	emotywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emotywno	emotywny	adja		
emotywnych	emotywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emotywnych	emotywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emotywnych	emotywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emotywny	emotywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emotywny	emotywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emotywnym	emotywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emotywnym	emotywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emotywnym	emotywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emotywnymi	emotywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empatiach	empatia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatia	empatia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatiami	empatia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatią	empatia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatie	empatia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatie	empatia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatie	empatia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatię	empatia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatii	empatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
empatii	empatia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatii	empatia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatii	empatia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatio	empatia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatiom	empatia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyj	empatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
empatycznie	empatycznie	adv:pos		
empatycznościach	empatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatycznościami	empatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatycznością	empatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczności	empatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatycznościom	empatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczność	empatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczność	empatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empatyczna	empatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empatyczną	empatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empatyczną	empatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empatyczne	empatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empatyczne	empatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empatyczne	empatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empatyczne	empatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empatycznego	empatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empatycznego	empatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empatycznej	empatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empatycznej	empatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empatycznej	empatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empatycznemu	empatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empatyczni	empatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empatyczno	empatyczny	adja		
empatycznych	empatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empatycznych	empatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empatycznych	empatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empatyczny	empatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empatyczny	empatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empatycznym	empatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empatycznym	empatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empatycznym	empatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empatycznymi	empatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empetrójce	empetrójka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójce	empetrójka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójek	empetrójka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójkach	empetrójka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójka	empetrójka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójkami	empetrójka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójką	empetrójka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójkę	empetrójka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójki	empetrójka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójki	empetrójka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójki	empetrójka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójki	empetrójka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójko	empetrójka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empetrójkom	empetrójka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empi	empi	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empi	empi	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
empikach	empik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empikami	empik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empik	empik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empik	empik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empikiem	empik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiki	empik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiki	empik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiki	empik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empikom	empik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empikowi	empik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empików	empik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiku	empik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiku	empik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiku	empik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empire’ach	empire	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’ami	empire	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’em	empire	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire	empire	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’om	empire	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’owi	empire	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’ów	empire	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’u	empire	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’y	empire	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’y	empire	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empire’y	empire	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empirze	empire	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empirze	empire	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	szt.
empirejscy	empirejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empirejska	empirejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empirejską	empirejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empirejską	empirejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empirejskich	empirejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empirejskich	empirejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirejskich	empirejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirejskie	empirejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirejskie	empirejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirejskie	empirejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empirejskie	empirejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empirejskiego	empirejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empirejskiego	empirejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirejskiej	empirejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empirejskiej	empirejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empirejskiej	empirejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empirejski	empirejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empirejski	empirejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empirejskiemu	empirejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirejskim	empirejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirejskim	empirejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirejskim	empirejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirejskimi	empirejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirejsko	empirejski	adja		
empirejsku	empirejski	adjp		
empirejsko	empirejsko	adv:pos		
empirejskościach	empirejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskościami	empirejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskością	empirejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskości	empirejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskościom	empirejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskość	empirejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirejskość	empirejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empireach	empireum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empirea	empireum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empirea	empireum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empirea	empireum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireami	empireum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireom	empireum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireów	empireum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empireum	empireum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
empiriach	empiria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiria	empiria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriami	empiria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirią	empiria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirie	empiria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirie	empiria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirie	empiria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirię	empiria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirii	empiria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
empirii	empiria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirii	empiria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirii	empiria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirio	empiria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriom	empiria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryj	empiria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
empiriokrytycyzmach	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmami	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmem	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzm	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzm	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmie	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmie	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmom	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmowi	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmów	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmu	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmy	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmy	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycyzmy	empiriokrytycyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycznościach	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycznościami	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycznością	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczności	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycznościom	empiriokrytyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczność	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczność	empiriokrytyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyczna	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empiriokrytyczną	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empiriokrytyczną	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empiriokrytyczne	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytyczne	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytyczne	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytyczne	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytycznego	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empiriokrytycznego	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytycznej	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empiriokrytycznej	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empiriokrytycznej	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empiriokrytycznemu	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytyczni	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empiriokrytyczno	empiriokrytyczny	adja		
empiriokrytycznych	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empiriokrytycznych	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytycznych	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytyczny	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empiriokrytyczny	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empiriokrytycznym	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytycznym	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytycznym	empiriokrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empiriokrytycznymi	empiriokrytyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiriokrytycy	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytycy	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytykach	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyka	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyka	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytykami	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyk	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytykiem	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyki	empiriokrytyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyki	empiriokrytyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytykom	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytykowi	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyków	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyków	empiriokrytyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyku	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiriokrytyku	empiriokrytyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirowościach	empirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowościami	empirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowością	empirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowości	empirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowościom	empirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowość	empirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowość	empirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirowa	empirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empirową	empirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empirową	empirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empirowe	empirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirowe	empirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirowe	empirowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empirowe	empirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empirowego	empirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empirowego	empirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirowej	empirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empirowej	empirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empirowej	empirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empirowemu	empirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirowi	empirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empirowo	empirowy	adja		
empirowych	empirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empirowych	empirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirowych	empirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirowy	empirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empirowy	empirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empirowym	empirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirowym	empirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirowym	empirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirowymi	empirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirycznie	empirycznie	adv:pos		
empirycznościach	empiryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirycznościami	empiryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirycznością	empiryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczności	empiryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirycznościom	empiryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczność	empiryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczność	empiryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empiryczna	empiryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empiryczną	empiryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empiryczną	empiryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empiryczne	empiryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empiryczne	empiryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empiryczne	empiryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empiryczne	empiryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empirycznego	empiryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empirycznego	empiryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirycznej	empiryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empirycznej	empiryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empirycznej	empiryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empirycznemu	empiryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empiryczni	empiryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empiryczno	empiryczny	adja		
empirycznych	empiryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empirycznych	empiryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirycznych	empiryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiryczny	empiryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empiryczny	empiryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empirycznym	empiryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirycznym	empiryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirycznym	empiryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirycznymi	empiryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirycy	empiryk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirycy	empiryk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirykach	empiryk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryka	empiryk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryka	empiryk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirykami	empiryk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryk	empiryk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirykiem	empiryk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryki	empiryk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empiryki	empiryk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empirykom	empiryk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirykowi	empiryk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryków	empiryk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryków	empiryk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryku	empiryk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryku	empiryk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystach	empirysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirysta	empirysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystami	empirysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystą	empirysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystę	empirysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirysto	empirysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystom	empirysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystów	empirysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystów	empirysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirysty	empirysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empirysty	empirysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
empirysty	empirysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryście	empirysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryście	empirysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryści	empirysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empiryści	empirysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
empirystycznościach	empirystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystycznościami	empirystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystycznością	empirystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczności	empirystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystycznościom	empirystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczność	empirystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczność	empirystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
empirystyczna	empirystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
empirystyczną	empirystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
empirystyczną	empirystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
empirystyczne	empirystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirystyczne	empirystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
empirystyczne	empirystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
empirystyczne	empirystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
empirystycznego	empirystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
empirystycznego	empirystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirystycznej	empirystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
empirystycznej	empirystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
empirystycznej	empirystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
empirystycznemu	empirystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirystyczni	empirystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
empirystyczno	empirystyczny	adja		
empirystycznych	empirystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
empirystycznych	empirystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirystycznych	empirystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirystyczny	empirystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
empirystyczny	empirystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
empirystycznym	empirystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empirystycznym	empirystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirystycznym	empirystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
empirystycznymi	empirystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
empiryzmach	empiryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmami	empiryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmem	empiryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzm	empiryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzm	empiryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmie	empiryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmie	empiryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmom	empiryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmowi	empiryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmów	empiryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmu	empiryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmy	empiryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmy	empiryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
empiryzmy	empiryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emploi	emploi	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporach	empora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empora	empora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporami	empora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporą	empora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empor	empora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporę	empora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporo	empora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporom	empora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empory	empora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empory	empora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empory	empora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
empory	empora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporze	empora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporze	empora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	archit.
emporiach	emporium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporia	emporium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporia	emporium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporia	emporium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporiami	emporium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporiom	emporium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporiów	emporium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporium	emporium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
emporowościach	emporowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowościami	emporowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowością	emporowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowości	emporowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowościom	emporowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowość	emporowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowość	emporowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emporowa	emporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emporową	emporowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emporową	emporowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emporowe	emporowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emporowe	emporowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emporowe	emporowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emporowe	emporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emporowego	emporowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emporowego	emporowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emporowej	emporowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emporowej	emporowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emporowej	emporowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emporowemu	emporowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emporowi	emporowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emporowo	emporowy	adja		
emporowych	emporowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emporowych	emporowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emporowych	emporowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emporowy	emporowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emporowy	emporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emporowym	emporowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emporowym	emporowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emporowym	emporowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emporowymi	emporowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emscy	emski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emska	emski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emską	emski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emską	emski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emskich	emski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emskich	emski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emskich	emski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emskie	emski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emskie	emski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emskie	emski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emskie	emski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emskiego	emski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emskiego	emski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emskiej	emski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emskiej	emski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emskiej	emski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emski	emski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emski	emski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emskiemu	emski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emskim	emski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emskim	emski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emskim	emski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emskimi	emski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emsko	emski	adja		
emsku	emski	adjp		
emsko	emsko	adv:pos		
emskościach	emskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskościami	emskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskością	emskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskości	emskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskościom	emskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskość	emskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emskość	emskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emu	emu	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emu	emu	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
emulacjach	emulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacja	emulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacjami	emulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacją	emulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacje	emulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacje	emulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacje	emulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulację	emulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacji	emulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emulacji	emulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacji	emulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacji	emulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacjo	emulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacjom	emulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulacyj	emulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emulatorach	emulator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatora	emulator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorami	emulator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorem	emulator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulator	emulator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulator	emulator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorom	emulator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorowi	emulator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorów	emulator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatory	emulator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatory	emulator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatory	emulator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorze	emulator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulatorze	emulator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorach	emulgator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatora	emulgator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorami	emulgator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorem	emulgator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgator	emulgator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgator	emulgator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorom	emulgator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorowi	emulgator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorów	emulgator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatory	emulgator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatory	emulgator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatory	emulgator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorze	emulgator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgatorze	emulgator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulgować	emulgować	inf:imperf		
emulgowaliby	emulgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emulgowalibyście	emulgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emulgowalibyśmy	emulgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emulgowali	emulgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
emulgowali	emulgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
emulgowaliście	emulgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
emulgowaliśmy	emulgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
emulgowałaby	emulgować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emulgowałabym	emulgować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emulgowałabyś	emulgować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emulgowała	emulgować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
emulgowała	emulgować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
emulgowałam	emulgować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
emulgowałaś	emulgować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
emulgowałby	emulgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emulgowałbym	emulgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emulgowałbyś	emulgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emulgowałem	emulgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
emulgował	emulgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
emulgował	emulgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
emulgowałeś	emulgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
emulgowałoby	emulgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emulgowałobym	emulgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emulgowałobyś	emulgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emulgowało	emulgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
emulgowało	emulgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
emulgowałom	emulgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
emulgowałoś	emulgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
emulgowałyby	emulgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emulgowałybyście	emulgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emulgowałybyśmy	emulgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emulgowały	emulgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
emulgowały	emulgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
emulgowałyście	emulgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
emulgowałyśmy	emulgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
emulgowana	emulgować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emulgowaną	emulgować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emulgowane	emulgować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgowane	emulgować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowanego	emulgować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emulgowanego	emulgować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowanej	emulgować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emulgowanemu	emulgować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowaniach	emulgować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowania	emulgować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowania	emulgować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowaniami	emulgować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowanie	emulgować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowaniem	emulgować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowani	emulgować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulgowaniom	emulgować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowaniu	emulgować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowano	emulgować	imps:imperf		
emulgowanych	emulgować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulgowanych	emulgować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgowany	emulgować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emulgowany	emulgować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emulgowanym	emulgować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgowanym	emulgować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgowanymi	emulgować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgowań	emulgować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emulgująca	emulgować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emulgującą	emulgować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emulgujące	emulgować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgujące	emulgować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgującego	emulgować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emulgującego	emulgować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgującej	emulgować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emulgującemu	emulgować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgując	emulgować	pcon:imperf		
emulgująco	emulgować	pacta		
emulgujących	emulgować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulgujących	emulgować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgujący	emulgować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulgujący	emulgować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emulgujący	emulgować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emulgującym	emulgować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgującym	emulgować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulgującymi	emulgować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulgują	emulgować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
emulgujcie	emulgować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
emulgujecie	emulgować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
emulguje	emulgować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
emulguj	emulgować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
emulgujemy	emulgować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
emulgujesz	emulgować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
emulguję	emulgować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
emulgujmy	emulgować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
emulować	emulować	inf:imperf		daw.
emulowaliby	emulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowalibyście	emulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowalibyśmy	emulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowali	emulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
emulowali	emulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowaliście	emulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowaliśmy	emulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałaby	emulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałabym	emulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałabyś	emulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowała	emulować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
emulowała	emulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałam	emulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałaś	emulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałby	emulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałbym	emulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałbyś	emulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałem	emulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
emulował	emulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
emulował	emulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałeś	emulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałoby	emulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałobym	emulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałobyś	emulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowało	emulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
emulowało	emulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałom	emulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowałoś	emulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałyby	emulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałybyście	emulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałybyśmy	emulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowały	emulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
emulowały	emulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
emulowałyście	emulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
emulowałyśmy	emulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
emulowana	emulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emulowaną	emulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emulowane	emulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulowane	emulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulowanego	emulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emulowanego	emulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulowanej	emulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emulowanemu	emulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulowaniach	emulować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowania	emulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowania	emulować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowaniami	emulować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowanie	emulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowaniem	emulować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowani	emulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulowaniom	emulować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowaniu	emulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
emulowano	emulować	imps:imperf		daw.
emulowanych	emulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulowanych	emulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulowany	emulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emulowany	emulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emulowanym	emulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulowanym	emulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulowanymi	emulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulowań	emulować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
emulująca	emulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
emulującą	emulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
emulujące	emulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulujące	emulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulującego	emulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
emulującego	emulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulującej	emulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
emulującemu	emulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulując	emulować	pcon:imperf		daw.
emulująco	emulować	pacta		
emulujących	emulować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulujących	emulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulujący	emulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
emulujący	emulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
emulujący	emulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
emulującym	emulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulującym	emulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
emulującymi	emulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
emulują	emulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
emulujcie	emulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
emulujecie	emulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
emuluje	emulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
emuluj	emulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
emulujemy	emulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
emulujesz	emulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
emuluję	emulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
emulujmy	emulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
emulsjach	emulsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsja	emulsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsjami	emulsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsją	emulsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsje	emulsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsje	emulsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsje	emulsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsję	emulsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsji	emulsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
emulsji	emulsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsji	emulsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsji	emulsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsjo	emulsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsjom	emulsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyj	emulsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
emulsorach	emulsor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsora	emulsor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorami	emulsor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorem	emulsor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsor	emulsor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsor	emulsor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorom	emulsor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorowi	emulsor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorów	emulsor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsory	emulsor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsory	emulsor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsory	emulsor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorze	emulsor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsorze	emulsor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjnościach	emulsyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjnościami	emulsyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjnością	emulsyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjności	emulsyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjnościom	emulsyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjność	emulsyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjność	emulsyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
emulsyjna	emulsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
emulsyjną	emulsyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
emulsyjną	emulsyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
emulsyjne	emulsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emulsyjne	emulsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
emulsyjne	emulsyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjne	emulsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjnego	emulsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
emulsyjnego	emulsyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjnej	emulsyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
emulsyjnej	emulsyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
emulsyjnej	emulsyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
emulsyjnemu	emulsyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjni	emulsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
emulsyjno	emulsyjny	adja		
emulsyjnych	emulsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
emulsyjnych	emulsyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emulsyjnych	emulsyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emulsyjny	emulsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
emulsyjny	emulsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
emulsyjnym	emulsyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emulsyjnym	emulsyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjnym	emulsyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
emulsyjnymi	emulsyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
emulusach	emulus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusa	emulus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusa	emulus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusami	emulus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusem	emulus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulus	emulus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusie	emulus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusie	emulus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusom	emulus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusowie	emulus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusowie	emulus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusowi	emulus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusów	emulus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusów	emulus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusy	emulus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
emulusy	emulus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
en	en	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
en	en	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerach	enancjomer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomera	enancjomer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerami	enancjomer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerem	enancjomer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomer	enancjomer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomer	enancjomer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerom	enancjomer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerowi	enancjomer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerów	enancjomer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomery	enancjomer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomery	enancjomer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomery	enancjomer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerze	enancjomer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enancjomerze	enancjomer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargicie	enargit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargicie	enargit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitach	enargit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitami	enargit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitem	enargit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargit	enargit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargit	enargit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitom	enargit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitowi	enargit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitów	enargit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargitu	enargit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargity	enargit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargity	enargit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enargity	enargit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografach	encefalograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografami	encefalograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografem	encefalograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograf	encefalograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograf	encefalograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografie	encefalograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografie	encefalograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografom	encefalograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografowi	encefalograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografów	encefalograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografu	encefalograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografy	encefalograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografy	encefalograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografy	encefalograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encefalografiach	encefalografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografia	encefalografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografiami	encefalografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografią	encefalografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografie	encefalografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografie	encefalografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografie	encefalografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografię	encefalografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografii	encefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
encefalografii	encefalografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografii	encefalografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografii	encefalografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografij	encefalografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
encefalografio	encefalografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalografiom	encefalografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalograficznościach	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficznościami	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficznością	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzności	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficznościom	encefalograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzność	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzność	encefalograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalograficzna	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
encefalograficzną	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
encefalograficzną	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
encefalograficzne	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encefalograficzne	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encefalograficzne	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficzne	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficznego	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
encefalograficznego	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficznej	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
encefalograficznej	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
encefalograficznej	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
encefalograficznemu	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficzni	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
encefalograficzno	encefalograficzny	adja		
encefalograficznych	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
encefalograficznych	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encefalograficznych	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encefalograficzny	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
encefalograficzny	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
encefalograficznym	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encefalograficznym	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficznym	encefalograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encefalograficznymi	encefalograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encefalogramach	encefalogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramami	encefalogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramem	encefalogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogram	encefalogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogram	encefalogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramie	encefalogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramie	encefalogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramom	encefalogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramowi	encefalogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramów	encefalogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramu	encefalogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramy	encefalogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramy	encefalogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalogramy	encefalogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
encefalopatiach	encefalopatia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatia	encefalopatia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatiami	encefalopatia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatią	encefalopatia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatie	encefalopatia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatie	encefalopatia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatie	encefalopatia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatię	encefalopatia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatii	encefalopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
encefalopatii	encefalopatia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatii	encefalopatia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatii	encefalopatia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatio	encefalopatia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatiom	encefalopatia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encefalopatyj	encefalopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enchirydionach	enchirydion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionami	enchirydion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionem	enchirydion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydion	enchirydion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydion	enchirydion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionie	enchirydion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionie	enchirydion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionom	enchirydion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionowi	enchirydion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionów	enchirydion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydionu	enchirydion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydiony	enchirydion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydiony	enchirydion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enchirydiony	enchirydion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendach	encomienda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomienda	encomienda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendami	encomienda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendą	encomienda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiend	encomienda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendę	encomienda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendo	encomienda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendom	encomienda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendy	encomienda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendy	encomienda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendy	encomienda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendy	encomienda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendzie	encomienda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encomiendzie	encomienda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklicznościach	encykliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklicznościami	encykliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklicznością	encykliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczności	encykliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklicznościom	encykliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczność	encykliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczność	encykliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encykliczna	encykliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
encykliczną	encykliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
encykliczną	encykliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
encykliczne	encykliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encykliczne	encykliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encykliczne	encykliczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
encykliczne	encykliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
encyklicznego	encykliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
encyklicznego	encykliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklicznej	encykliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
encyklicznej	encykliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
encyklicznej	encykliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
encyklicznemu	encykliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encykliczni	encykliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
encykliczno	encykliczny	adja		
encyklicznych	encykliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
encyklicznych	encykliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklicznych	encykliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encykliczny	encykliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
encykliczny	encykliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
encyklicznym	encykliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklicznym	encykliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklicznym	encykliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklicznymi	encykliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklice	encyklika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklice	encyklika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklikach	encyklika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklika	encyklika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklikami	encyklika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliką	encyklika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklik	encyklika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklikę	encyklika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliki	encyklika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliki	encyklika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliki	encyklika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliki	encyklika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encykliko	encyklika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklikom	encyklika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rel.
encyklopediach	encyklopedia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedia	encyklopedia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopediami	encyklopedia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedią	encyklopedia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedie	encyklopedia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedie	encyklopedia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedie	encyklopedia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedię	encyklopedia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedii	encyklopedia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
encyklopedii	encyklopedia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedii	encyklopedia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedii	encyklopedia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedio	encyklopedia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopediom	encyklopedia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyj	encyklopedia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
encyklopedycznie	encyklopedycznie	adv:pos		
encyklopedycznościach	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedycznościami	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedycznością	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczności	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedycznościom	encyklopedyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczność	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczność	encyklopedyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyczna	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
encyklopedyczną	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
encyklopedyczną	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
encyklopedyczne	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedyczne	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedyczne	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedyczne	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedycznego	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
encyklopedycznego	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedycznej	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
encyklopedycznej	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
encyklopedycznej	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
encyklopedycznemu	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedyczni	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
encyklopedyczno	encyklopedyczny	adja		
encyklopedycznych	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
encyklopedycznych	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedycznych	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedyczny	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
encyklopedyczny	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
encyklopedycznym	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedycznym	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedycznym	encyklopedyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
encyklopedycznymi	encyklopedyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encyklopedycy	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedycy	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedykach	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyka	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyka	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedykami	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyk	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedykiem	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyki	encyklopedyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyki	encyklopedyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedykom	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedykowi	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyków	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyków	encyklopedyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyku	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedyku	encyklopedyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
encyklopedystach	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedysta	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystami	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystą	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystę	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedysto	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystom	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystów	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedystów	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedysty	encyklopedysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedysty	encyklopedysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedysty	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyście	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyście	encyklopedysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyści	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyści	encyklopedysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmach	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmami	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmem	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzm	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzm	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmie	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmie	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmom	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmowi	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmów	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmu	encyklopedyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmy	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmy	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
encyklopedyzmy	encyklopedyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endach	end	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endami	end	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endem	end	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
end	end	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
end	end	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endom	end	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endowi	end	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endów	end	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endu	end	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endy	end	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endy	end	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endy	end	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endzie	end	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endzie	end	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endecjach	endecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecja	endecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecjami	endecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecją	endecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecje	endecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecje	endecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecje	endecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecję	endecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecji	endecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
endecji	endecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecji	endecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecji	endecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecjo	endecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecjom	endecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecyj	endecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
endeccy	endecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endecka	endecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endecką	endecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endecką	endecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endeckich	endecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endeckich	endecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endeckich	endecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endeckie	endecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endeckie	endecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endeckie	endecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endeckie	endecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endeckiego	endecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endeckiego	endecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endeckiej	endecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endeckiej	endecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endeckiej	endecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endeckiemu	endecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endecki	endecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endecki	endecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endeckim	endecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endeckim	endecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endeckim	endecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endeckimi	endecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endecko	endecki	adja		
endecku	endecki	adjp		
endecko	endecko	adv:pos		
endeckościach	endeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckościami	endeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckością	endeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckości	endeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckościom	endeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckość	endeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endeckość	endeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endecy	endek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endecy	endek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endekach	endek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeka	endek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeka	endek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endekami	endek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endek	endek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endekiem	endek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeki	endek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endeki	endek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endekom	endek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endekowi	endek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeków	endek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeków	endek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeku	endek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endeku	endek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endemiach	endemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemia	endemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemiami	endemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemią	endemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemie	endemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemie	endemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemie	endemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemię	endemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemii	endemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
endemii	endemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemii	endemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemii	endemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemij	endemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
endemio	endemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemiom	endemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
endemicznie	endemicznie	adv:pos		
endemicznościach	endemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemicznościami	endemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemicznością	endemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczności	endemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemicznościom	endemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczność	endemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczność	endemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endemiczna	endemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endemiczną	endemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endemiczną	endemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endemiczne	endemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endemiczne	endemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endemiczne	endemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endemiczne	endemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endemicznego	endemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endemicznego	endemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endemicznej	endemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endemicznej	endemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endemicznej	endemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endemicznemu	endemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endemiczni	endemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endemiczno	endemiczny	adja		
endemicznych	endemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endemicznych	endemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endemicznych	endemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endemiczny	endemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endemiczny	endemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endemicznym	endemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endemicznym	endemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endemicznym	endemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endemicznymi	endemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endemicie	endemit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemicie	endemit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitach	endemit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitami	endemit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitem	endemit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemit	endemit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemit	endemit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitom	endemit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitowi	endemit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitów	endemit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemitu	endemit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemity	endemit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemity	endemit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemity	endemit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmach	endemizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmami	endemizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmem	endemizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizm	endemizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizm	endemizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmie	endemizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmie	endemizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmom	endemizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmowi	endemizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmów	endemizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmu	endemizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmy	endemizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmy	endemizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endemizmy	endemizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozach	endocytoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytoza	endocytoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozami	endocytoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozą	endocytoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytoz	endocytoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozę	endocytoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozie	endocytoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozie	endocytoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozo	endocytoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozom	endocytoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozy	endocytoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozy	endocytoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozy	endocytoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endocytozy	endocytoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermach	endoderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoderma	endoderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermami	endoderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermą	endoderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoderm	endoderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermę	endoderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermie	endoderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermie	endoderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermo	endoderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermom	endoderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermy	endoderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermy	endoderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermy	endoderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermy	endoderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalnościach	endodermalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalnościami	endodermalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalnością	endodermalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalności	endodermalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalnościom	endodermalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalność	endodermalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalność	endodermalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endodermalna	endodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endodermalną	endodermalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endodermalną	endodermalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endodermalne	endodermalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endodermalne	endodermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endodermalne	endodermalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endodermalne	endodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endodermalnego	endodermalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endodermalnego	endodermalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endodermalnej	endodermalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endodermalnej	endodermalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endodermalnej	endodermalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endodermalnemu	endodermalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endodermalni	endodermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endodermalno	endodermalny	adja		
endodermalnych	endodermalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endodermalnych	endodermalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endodermalnych	endodermalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endodermalny	endodermalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endodermalny	endodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endodermalnym	endodermalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endodermalnym	endodermalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endodermalnym	endodermalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endodermalnymi	endodermalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetycznie	endoenergetycznie:d1	adv:pos		
endoenergetycznie	endoenergetycznie:d2	adv:pos		
endoenergetycznościach	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetycznościami	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetycznością	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczności	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetycznościom	endoenergetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczność	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczność	endoenergetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoenergetyczna	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endoenergetyczną	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endoenergetyczną	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endoenergetyczne	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetyczne	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetyczne	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetyczne	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetycznego	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endoenergetycznego	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetycznej	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endoenergetycznej	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endoenergetycznej	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endoenergetycznemu	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetyczni	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endoenergetyczno	endoenergetyczny	adja		
endoenergetycznych	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endoenergetycznych	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetycznych	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetyczny	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endoenergetyczny	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endoenergetycznym	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoenergetycznym	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetycznym	endoenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoenergetycznymi	endoenergetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogamiach	endogamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamia	endogamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiami	endogamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamią	endogamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamie	endogamia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamie	endogamia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamie	endogamia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamię	endogamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamii	endogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
endogamii	endogamia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamii	endogamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamii	endogamia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamij	endogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
endogamio	endogamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiom	endogamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamicznościach	endogamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamicznościami	endogamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamicznością	endogamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczności	endogamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamicznościom	endogamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczność	endogamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczność	endogamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogamiczna	endogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endogamiczną	endogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endogamiczną	endogamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endogamiczne	endogamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogamiczne	endogamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogamiczne	endogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endogamiczne	endogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endogamicznego	endogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endogamicznego	endogamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogamicznej	endogamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endogamicznej	endogamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endogamicznej	endogamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endogamicznemu	endogamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogamiczni	endogamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endogamiczno	endogamiczny	adja		
endogamicznych	endogamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endogamicznych	endogamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogamicznych	endogamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogamiczny	endogamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endogamiczny	endogamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endogamicznym	endogamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogamicznym	endogamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogamicznym	endogamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogamicznymi	endogamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogenezach	endogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeneza	endogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezami	endogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezą	endogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenez	endogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezę	endogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezie	endogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezie	endogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezo	endogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezom	endogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezy	endogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezy	endogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezy	endogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenezy	endogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenicznościach	endogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenicznościami	endogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenicznością	endogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczności	endogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenicznościom	endogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczność	endogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczność	endogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogeniczna	endogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endogeniczną	endogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endogeniczną	endogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endogeniczne	endogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogeniczne	endogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogeniczne	endogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endogeniczne	endogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endogenicznego	endogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endogenicznego	endogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogenicznej	endogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endogenicznej	endogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endogenicznej	endogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endogenicznemu	endogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogeniczni	endogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endogeniczno	endogeniczny	adja		
endogenicznych	endogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endogenicznych	endogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogenicznych	endogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogeniczny	endogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endogeniczny	endogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endogenicznym	endogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogenicznym	endogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogenicznym	endogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogenicznymi	endogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogennościach	endogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogennościami	endogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogennością	endogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenności	endogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogennościom	endogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenność	endogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenność	endogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endogenna	endogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endogenną	endogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endogenną	endogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endogenne	endogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogenne	endogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endogenne	endogenny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endogenne	endogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endogennego	endogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endogennego	endogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogennej	endogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endogennej	endogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endogennej	endogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endogennemu	endogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogenni	endogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endogenno	endogenny	adja		
endogennych	endogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endogennych	endogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogennych	endogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogenny	endogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endogenny	endogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endogennym	endogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endogennym	endogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogennym	endogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endogennymi	endogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endokarpach	endokarp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpami	endokarp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpem	endokarp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarp	endokarp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarp	endokarp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpie	endokarp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpie	endokarp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpom	endokarp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpowi	endokarp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpów	endokarp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpu	endokarp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpy	endokarp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpy	endokarp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokarpy	endokarp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynolodzy	endokrynolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynolodzy	endokrynolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologach	endokrynolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologa	endokrynolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologa	endokrynolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologami	endokrynolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynolog	endokrynolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiem	endokrynolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologi	endokrynolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologi	endokrynolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologom	endokrynolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologowie	endokrynolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologowie	endokrynolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologowi	endokrynolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologów	endokrynolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologów	endokrynolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologu	endokrynolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologu	endokrynolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiach	endokrynologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologia	endokrynologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiami	endokrynologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologią	endokrynologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologie	endokrynologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologie	endokrynologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologie	endokrynologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologię	endokrynologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologii	endokrynologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
endokrynologii	endokrynologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologii	endokrynologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologii	endokrynologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologij	endokrynologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
endokrynologio	endokrynologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiom	endokrynologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologicznościach	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologicznościami	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologicznością	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczności	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologicznościom	endokrynologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczność	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczność	endokrynologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endokrynologiczna	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endokrynologiczną	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endokrynologiczną	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endokrynologiczne	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endokrynologiczne	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endokrynologiczne	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologiczne	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologicznego	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endokrynologicznego	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologicznej	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endokrynologicznej	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endokrynologicznej	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endokrynologicznemu	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologiczni	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endokrynologiczno	endokrynologiczny	adja		
endokrynologicznych	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endokrynologicznych	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endokrynologicznych	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endokrynologiczny	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endokrynologiczny	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endokrynologicznym	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endokrynologicznym	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologicznym	endokrynologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endokrynologicznymi	endokrynologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endolimfach	endolimfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfa	endolimfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfami	endolimfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfą	endolimfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimf	endolimfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfę	endolimfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfie	endolimfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfie	endolimfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfo	endolimfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfom	endolimfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfy	endolimfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfy	endolimfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfy	endolimfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endolimfy	endolimfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozach	endometrioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometrioza	endometrioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozami	endometrioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozą	endometrioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometrioz	endometrioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozę	endometrioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozie	endometrioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozie	endometrioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozo	endometrioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozom	endometrioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozy	endometrioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozy	endometrioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozy	endometrioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriozy	endometrioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endometriach	endometrium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometria	endometrium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometria	endometrium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometria	endometrium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometriami	endometrium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometriom	endometrium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometriów	endometrium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endometrium	endometrium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozach	endomitoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitoza	endomitoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozami	endomitoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozą	endomitoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitoz	endomitoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozę	endomitoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozie	endomitoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozie	endomitoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozo	endomitoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozom	endomitoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozy	endomitoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozy	endomitoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozy	endomitoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomitozy	endomitoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmach	endomorfizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmami	endomorfizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmem	endomorfizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizm	endomorfizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizm	endomorfizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmie	endomorfizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmie	endomorfizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmom	endomorfizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmowi	endomorfizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmów	endomorfizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmu	endomorfizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmy	endomorfizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmy	endomorfizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endomorfizmy	endomorfizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożycie	endopasożyt	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożycie	endopasożyt	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytach	endopasożyt	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyta	endopasożyt	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyta	endopasożyt	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytami	endopasożyt	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytem	endopasożyt	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyt	endopasożyt	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytom	endopasożyt	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytowi	endopasożyt	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożytów	endopasożyt	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyty	endopasożyt	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyty	endopasożyt	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endopasożyty	endopasożyt	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmach	endoplazma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazma	endoplazma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmami	endoplazma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmą	endoplazma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazm	endoplazma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmę	endoplazma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmie	endoplazma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmie	endoplazma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmo	endoplazma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmom	endoplazma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmy	endoplazma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmy	endoplazma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmy	endoplazma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoplazmy	endoplazma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezach	endoproteza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoproteza	endoproteza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezami	endoproteza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezą	endoproteza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotez	endoproteza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezę	endoproteza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezie	endoproteza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezie	endoproteza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezo	endoproteza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezom	endoproteza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezy	endoproteza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezy	endoproteza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezy	endoproteza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoprotezy	endoproteza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreicznościach	endoreiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreicznościami	endoreiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreicznością	endoreiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczności	endoreiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreicznościom	endoreiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczność	endoreiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczność	endoreiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoreiczna	endoreiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endoreiczną	endoreiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endoreiczną	endoreiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endoreiczne	endoreiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoreiczne	endoreiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoreiczne	endoreiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endoreiczne	endoreiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endoreicznego	endoreiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endoreicznego	endoreiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoreicznej	endoreiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endoreicznej	endoreiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endoreicznej	endoreiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endoreicznemu	endoreiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoreiczni	endoreiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endoreiczno	endoreiczny	adja		
endoreicznych	endoreiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endoreicznych	endoreiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoreicznych	endoreiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoreiczny	endoreiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endoreiczny	endoreiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endoreicznym	endoreiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoreicznym	endoreiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoreicznym	endoreiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoreicznymi	endoreiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinach	endorfina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfina	endorfina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinami	endorfina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfiną	endorfina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfin	endorfina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinę	endorfina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinie	endorfina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinie	endorfina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfino	endorfina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinom	endorfina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfiny	endorfina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfiny	endorfina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfiny	endorfina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfiny	endorfina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endorfinowo	endorfinowo	adv:pos		
endorfinowa	endorfinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endorfinową	endorfinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endorfinową	endorfinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endorfinowe	endorfinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinowe	endorfinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinowe	endorfinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowe	endorfinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowego	endorfinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endorfinowego	endorfinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowej	endorfinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endorfinowej	endorfinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endorfinowej	endorfinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endorfinowemu	endorfinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowi	endorfinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endorfinowo	endorfinowy	adja		
endorfinowych	endorfinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endorfinowych	endorfinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinowych	endorfinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinowy	endorfinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endorfinowy	endorfinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endorfinowym	endorfinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endorfinowym	endorfinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowym	endorfinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endorfinowymi	endorfinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopach	endoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopami	endoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopem	endoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskop	endoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskop	endoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopie	endoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopie	endoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopom	endoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowi	endoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopów	endoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopu	endoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopy	endoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopy	endoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopy	endoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopiach	endoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopia	endoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopiami	endoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopią	endoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopie	endoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopie	endoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopie	endoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopię	endoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopii	endoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
endoskopii	endoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopii	endoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopii	endoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopij	endoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
endoskopio	endoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopiom	endoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowo	endoskopowo	adv:pos		
endoskopowościach	endoskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowościami	endoskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowością	endoskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowości	endoskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowościom	endoskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowość	endoskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowość	endoskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endoskopowa	endoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endoskopową	endoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endoskopową	endoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endoskopowe	endoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopowe	endoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopowe	endoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowe	endoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowego	endoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endoskopowego	endoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowej	endoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endoskopowej	endoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endoskopowej	endoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endoskopowemu	endoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowi	endoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endoskopowo	endoskopowy	adja		
endoskopowych	endoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endoskopowych	endoskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopowych	endoskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopowy	endoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endoskopowy	endoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endoskopowym	endoskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endoskopowym	endoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowym	endoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endoskopowymi	endoskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotycznościach	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotycznościami	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotycznością	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczności	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotycznościom	endosmotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczność	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczność	endosmotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmotyczna	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endosmotyczną	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endosmotyczną	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endosmotyczne	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotyczne	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotyczne	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endosmotyczne	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endosmotycznego	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endosmotycznego	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endosmotycznej	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endosmotycznej	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endosmotycznej	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endosmotycznemu	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endosmotyczni	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endosmotyczno	endosmotyczny	adja		
endosmotycznych	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endosmotycznych	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotycznych	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotyczny	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endosmotyczny	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endosmotycznym	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endosmotycznym	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endosmotycznym	endosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endosmotycznymi	endosmotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endosmozach	endosmoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmoza	endosmoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozami	endosmoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozą	endosmoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmoz	endosmoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozę	endosmoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozie	endosmoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozie	endosmoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozo	endosmoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozom	endosmoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozy	endosmoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozy	endosmoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozy	endosmoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosmozy	endosmoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermach	endosperm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermami	endosperm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermem	endosperm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endosperm	endosperm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endosperm	endosperm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermie	endosperm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermie	endosperm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermom	endosperm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermowi	endosperm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermów	endosperm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermu	endosperm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
endospermach	endosperma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosperma	endosperma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermami	endosperma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermą	endosperma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosperm	endosperma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermę	endosperma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermie	endosperma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermie	endosperma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermo	endosperma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermom	endosperma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospermy	endosperma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporach	endospora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospora	endospora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporami	endospora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporą	endospora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospor	endospora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporę	endospora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporo	endospora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporom	endospora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospory	endospora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospory	endospora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospory	endospora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endospory	endospora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporze	endospora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endosporze	endospora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermicznie	endotermicznie	adv:pos		
endotermicznościach	endotermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermicznościami	endotermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermicznością	endotermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczności	endotermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermicznościom	endotermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczność	endotermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczność	endotermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotermiczna	endotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endotermiczną	endotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endotermiczną	endotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endotermiczne	endotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endotermiczne	endotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endotermiczne	endotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endotermiczne	endotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endotermicznego	endotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endotermicznego	endotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotermicznej	endotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endotermicznej	endotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endotermicznej	endotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endotermicznemu	endotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotermiczni	endotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endotermiczno	endotermiczny	adja		
endotermicznych	endotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endotermicznych	endotermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotermicznych	endotermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotermiczny	endotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endotermiczny	endotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endotermicznym	endotermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotermicznym	endotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotermicznym	endotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotermicznymi	endotermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksycznościach	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksycznościami	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksycznością	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczności	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksycznościom	endotoksyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczność	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczność	endotoksyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyczna	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
endotoksyczną	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
endotoksyczną	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
endotoksyczne	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksyczne	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksyczne	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
endotoksyczne	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
endotoksycznego	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
endotoksycznego	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotoksycznej	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
endotoksycznej	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
endotoksycznej	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
endotoksycznemu	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotoksyczni	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
endotoksyczno	endotoksyczny	adja		
endotoksycznych	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
endotoksycznych	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksycznych	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksyczny	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
endotoksyczny	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
endotoksycznym	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksycznym	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotoksycznym	endotoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
endotoksycznymi	endotoksyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
endotoksynach	endotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyna	endotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksynami	endotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyną	endotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyn	endotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksynę	endotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksynie	endotoksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksynie	endotoksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyno	endotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksynom	endotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyny	endotoksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyny	endotoksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyny	endotoksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
endotoksyny	endotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
enduro	enduro	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
endywiach	endywia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywia	endywia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywiami	endywia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywią	endywia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywie	endywia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywie	endywia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywie	endywia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywię	endywia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywii	endywia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.|hom.
endywii	endywia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywii	endywia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywii	endywia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywij	endywia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|bot.|char.
endywio	endywia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
endywiom	endywia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
enemach	enema	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enema	enema	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemami	enema	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemą	enema	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enem	enema	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemę	enema	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemie	enema	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemie	enema	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemo	enema	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemom	enema	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemy	enema	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemy	enema	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemy	enema	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enemy	enema	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eneolicie	eneolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolicie	eneolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitach	eneolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitami	eneolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitem	eneolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolit	eneolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolit	eneolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitom	eneolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitowi	eneolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitów	eneolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolitu	eneolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolity	eneolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolity	eneolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eneolity	eneolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowscy	enerdowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enerdowska	enerdowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enerdowską	enerdowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enerdowską	enerdowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enerdowskich	enerdowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enerdowskich	enerdowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowskich	enerdowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowskie	enerdowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowskie	enerdowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowskie	enerdowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enerdowskie	enerdowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enerdowskiego	enerdowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enerdowskiego	enerdowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerdowskiej	enerdowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enerdowskiej	enerdowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enerdowskiej	enerdowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enerdowskiemu	enerdowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerdowski	enerdowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enerdowski	enerdowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enerdowskim	enerdowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowskim	enerdowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerdowskim	enerdowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerdowskimi	enerdowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerdowsko	enerdowski	adja		
enerdowsku	enerdowski	adjp		
enerdowsko	enerdowsko	adv:pos		
enerdowskościach	enerdowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskościami	enerdowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskością	enerdowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskości	enerdowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskościom	enerdowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskość	enerdowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerdowskość	enerdowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowscy	enerefowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enerefowska	enerefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enerefowską	enerefowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enerefowską	enerefowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enerefowskich	enerefowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enerefowskich	enerefowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowskich	enerefowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowskie	enerefowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowskie	enerefowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowskie	enerefowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enerefowskie	enerefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enerefowskiego	enerefowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enerefowskiego	enerefowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerefowskiej	enerefowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enerefowskiej	enerefowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enerefowskiej	enerefowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enerefowskiemu	enerefowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerefowski	enerefowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enerefowski	enerefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enerefowskim	enerefowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowskim	enerefowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerefowskim	enerefowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enerefowskimi	enerefowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerefowsko	enerefowski	adja		
enerefowsku	enerefowski	adjp		
enerefowsko	enerefowsko	adv:pos		
enerefowskościach	enerefowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskościami	enerefowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskością	enerefowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskości	enerefowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskościom	enerefowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskość	enerefowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enerefowskość	enerefowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetycznie	energetycznie	adv:pos		
energetycznościach	energetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetycznościami	energetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetycznością	energetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczności	energetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetycznościom	energetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczność	energetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczność	energetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyczna	energetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energetyczną	energetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energetyczną	energetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energetyczne	energetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energetyczne	energetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energetyczne	energetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energetyczne	energetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energetycznego	energetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energetycznego	energetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetycznej	energetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energetycznej	energetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energetycznej	energetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energetycznemu	energetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetyczni	energetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energetyczno	energetyczny	adja		
energetycznych	energetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energetycznych	energetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetycznych	energetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetyczny	energetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energetyczny	energetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energetycznym	energetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetycznym	energetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetycznym	energetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetycznymi	energetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetycy	energetyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetycy	energetyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetykach	energetyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyka	energetyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyka	energetyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetykami	energetyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyk	energetyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetykiem	energetyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
energetykom	energetyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetykowi	energetyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyków	energetyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyków	energetyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyku	energetyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyku	energetyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energetyce	energetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyce	energetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetykach	energetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyka	energetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetykami	energetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyką	energetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyk	energetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetykę	energetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyki	energetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyko	energetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetykom	energetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmach	energetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmami	energetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmem	energetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzm	energetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzm	energetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmie	energetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmie	energetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmom	energetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmowi	energetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmów	energetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmu	energetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmy	energetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmy	energetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzmy	energetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzować	energetyzować	inf:imperf		
energetyzowaliby	energetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
energetyzowalibyście	energetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
energetyzowalibyśmy	energetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
energetyzowali	energetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
energetyzowali	energetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
energetyzowaliście	energetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
energetyzowaliśmy	energetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałaby	energetyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałabym	energetyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałabyś	energetyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
energetyzowała	energetyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
energetyzowała	energetyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałam	energetyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałaś	energetyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałby	energetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałbym	energetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałbyś	energetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałem	energetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
energetyzował	energetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
energetyzował	energetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałeś	energetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałoby	energetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałobym	energetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałobyś	energetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
energetyzowało	energetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
energetyzowało	energetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałom	energetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
energetyzowałoś	energetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałyby	energetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałybyście	energetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałybyśmy	energetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
energetyzowały	energetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
energetyzowały	energetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
energetyzowałyście	energetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
energetyzowałyśmy	energetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
energetyzowana	energetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaną	energetyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzowane	energetyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowane	energetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanego	energetyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanego	energetyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanej	energetyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanemu	energetyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaniach	energetyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowania	energetyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowania	energetyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaniami	energetyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanie	energetyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaniem	energetyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowani	energetyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaniom	energetyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowaniu	energetyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowano	energetyzować	imps:imperf		
energetyzowanych	energetyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanych	energetyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowany	energetyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowany	energetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanym	energetyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanym	energetyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzowanymi	energetyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzowań	energetyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzująca	energetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzującą	energetyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzujące	energetyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzujące	energetyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzującego	energetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
energetyzującego	energetyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzującej	energetyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
energetyzującemu	energetyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzując	energetyzować	pcon:imperf		
energetyzująco	energetyzować	pacta		
energetyzujących	energetyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
energetyzujących	energetyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzujący	energetyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
energetyzujący	energetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
energetyzujący	energetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
energetyzującym	energetyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzującym	energetyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
energetyzującymi	energetyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
energetyzują	energetyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
energetyzujcie	energetyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
energetyzujecie	energetyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
energetyzuje	energetyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
energetyzujemy	energetyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
energetyzuj	energetyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
energetyzujesz	energetyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
energetyzuję	energetyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
energetyzujmy	energetyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
energetyzująco	energetyzująco	adv:pos		
energetyzującościach	energetyzującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującościami	energetyzującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującością	energetyzującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującości	energetyzującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującościom	energetyzującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującość	energetyzującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzującość	energetyzującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energetyzująca	energetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energetyzującą	energetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energetyzującą	energetyzujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energetyzujące	energetyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energetyzujące	energetyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energetyzujące	energetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energetyzujące	energetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energetyzującego	energetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energetyzującego	energetyzujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetyzującej	energetyzujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energetyzującej	energetyzujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energetyzującej	energetyzujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energetyzującemu	energetyzujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetyzująco	energetyzujący	adja		
energetyzujących	energetyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energetyzujących	energetyzujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetyzujących	energetyzujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetyzujący	energetyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energetyzujący	energetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energetyzujący	energetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energetyzującym	energetyzujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energetyzującym	energetyzujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetyzującym	energetyzujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energetyzującymi	energetyzujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiach	energia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energia	energia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiami	energia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energią	energia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energie	energia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energie	energia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energie	energia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energię	energia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energii	energia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
energii	energia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energii	energia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energii	energia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energij	energia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
energio	energia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiom	energia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energicznie	energicznie	adv:pos		
energiczniej	energicznie	adv:com		
energicznościach	energiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energicznościami	energiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energicznością	energiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczności	energiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energicznościom	energiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczność	energiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczność	energiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiczna	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energiczną	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energiczną	energiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energiczne	energiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiczne	energiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiczne	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energiczne	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energicznego	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energicznego	energiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energicznej	energiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energicznej	energiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energicznej	energiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energicznemu	energiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiczniejsi	energiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
energiczniejsza	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
energiczniejszą	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
energiczniejszą	energiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
energiczniejsze	energiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
energiczniejsze	energiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
energiczniejsze	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
energiczniejsze	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
energiczniejszego	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
energiczniejszego	energiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
energiczniejszej	energiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
energiczniejszej	energiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
energiczniejszej	energiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
energiczniejszemu	energiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
energiczniejszych	energiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
energiczniejszych	energiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
energiczniejszych	energiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
energiczniejszy	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
energiczniejszy	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
energiczniejszym	energiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
energiczniejszym	energiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
energiczniejszym	energiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
energiczniejszymi	energiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
energiczni	energiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energiczno	energiczny	adja		
energicznych	energiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energicznych	energiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energicznych	energiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiczny	energiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energiczny	energiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energicznym	energiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energicznym	energiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energicznym	energiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energicznymi	energiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonnościach	energiochłonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonnościami	energiochłonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonnością	energiochłonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonności	energiochłonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonnościom	energiochłonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonność	energiochłonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonność	energiochłonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiochłonna	energiochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energiochłonną	energiochłonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energiochłonną	energiochłonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energiochłonne	energiochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonne	energiochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonne	energiochłonny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonne	energiochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonnego	energiochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energiochłonnego	energiochłonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonnej	energiochłonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energiochłonnej	energiochłonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energiochłonnej	energiochłonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energiochłonnemu	energiochłonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonni	energiochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energiochłonno	energiochłonny	adja		
energiochłonnych	energiochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energiochłonnych	energiochłonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonnych	energiochłonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonny	energiochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energiochłonny	energiochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energiochłonnym	energiochłonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiochłonnym	energiochłonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonnym	energiochłonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiochłonnymi	energiochłonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórczościach	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczościami	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczością	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczości	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczościom	energiotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczość	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórczość	energiotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energiotwórcza	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energiotwórczą	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energiotwórczą	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energiotwórcze	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórcze	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórcze	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórcze	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórczego	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energiotwórczego	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórczej	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energiotwórczej	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energiotwórczej	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energiotwórczemu	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórczo	energiotwórczy	adja		
energiotwórczych	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energiotwórczych	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórczych	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórczy	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energiotwórczy	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energiotwórczy	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energiotwórczym	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energiotwórczym	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórczym	energiotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energiotwórczymi	energiotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonnościach	energochłonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonnościami	energochłonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonnością	energochłonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonności	energochłonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonnościom	energochłonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonność	energochłonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonność	energochłonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energochłonna	energochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energochłonną	energochłonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energochłonną	energochłonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energochłonne	energochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonne	energochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonne	energochłonny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energochłonne	energochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energochłonnego	energochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energochłonnego	energochłonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energochłonnej	energochłonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energochłonnej	energochłonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energochłonnej	energochłonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energochłonnemu	energochłonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energochłonni	energochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energochłonno	energochłonny	adja		
energochłonnych	energochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energochłonnych	energochłonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonnych	energochłonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonny	energochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energochłonny	energochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energochłonnym	energochłonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energochłonnym	energochłonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energochłonnym	energochłonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energochłonnymi	energochłonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektronicznościach	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronicznościami	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronicznością	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczności	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronicznościom	energoelektroniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczność	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczność	energoelektroniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniczna	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energoelektroniczną	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energoelektroniczną	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energoelektroniczne	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektroniczne	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektroniczne	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energoelektroniczne	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energoelektronicznego	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energoelektronicznego	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektronicznej	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energoelektronicznej	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energoelektronicznej	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energoelektronicznemu	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektroniczni	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energoelektroniczno	energoelektroniczny	adja		
energoelektronicznych	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energoelektronicznych	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektronicznych	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektroniczny	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energoelektroniczny	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energoelektronicznym	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektronicznym	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektronicznym	energoelektroniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektronicznymi	energoelektroniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektronicy	energoelektronik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronicy	energoelektronik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikach	energoelektronik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronika	energoelektronik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronika	energoelektronik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikami	energoelektronik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronik	energoelektronik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikiem	energoelektronik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikom	energoelektronik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikowi	energoelektronik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroników	energoelektronik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroników	energoelektronik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniku	energoelektronik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniku	energoelektronik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronice	energoelektronika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronice	energoelektronika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikach	energoelektronika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronika	energoelektronika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikami	energoelektronika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniką	energoelektronika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronik	energoelektronika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikę	energoelektronika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniki	energoelektronika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektroniko	energoelektronika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektronikom	energoelektronika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrycznościach	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrycznościami	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrycznością	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczności	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrycznościom	energoelektryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczność	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczność	energoelektryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryczna	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energoelektryczną	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energoelektryczną	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energoelektryczne	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektryczne	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektryczne	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energoelektryczne	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energoelektrycznego	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energoelektrycznego	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektrycznej	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energoelektrycznej	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energoelektrycznej	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energoelektrycznemu	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektryczni	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energoelektryczno	energoelektryczny	adja		
energoelektrycznych	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energoelektrycznych	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektrycznych	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektryczny	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energoelektryczny	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energoelektrycznym	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektrycznym	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektrycznym	energoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energoelektrycznymi	energoelektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energoelektryce	energoelektryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryce	energoelektryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrykach	energoelektryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryka	energoelektryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrykami	energoelektryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryką	energoelektryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryk	energoelektryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrykę	energoelektryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryki	energoelektryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryki	energoelektryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryki	energoelektryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryki	energoelektryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektryko	energoelektryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energoelektrykom	energoelektryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędnościach	energooszczędność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędnościami	energooszczędność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędnością	energooszczędność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędności	energooszczędność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędnościom	energooszczędność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędność	energooszczędność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędność	energooszczędność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energooszczędna	energooszczędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energooszczędną	energooszczędny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energooszczędną	energooszczędny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energooszczędne	energooszczędny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energooszczędne	energooszczędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energooszczędne	energooszczędny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędne	energooszczędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędnego	energooszczędny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energooszczędnego	energooszczędny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędnej	energooszczędny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energooszczędnej	energooszczędny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energooszczędnej	energooszczędny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energooszczędnemu	energooszczędny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędni	energooszczędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energooszczędno	energooszczędny	adja		
energooszczędnych	energooszczędny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energooszczędnych	energooszczędny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energooszczędnych	energooszczędny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energooszczędny	energooszczędny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energooszczędny	energooszczędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energooszczędnym	energooszczędny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energooszczędnym	energooszczędny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędnym	energooszczędny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energooszczędnymi	energooszczędny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórczościach	energotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczościami	energotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczością	energotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczości	energotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczościom	energotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczość	energotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórczość	energotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energotwórcza	energotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energotwórczą	energotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energotwórczą	energotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energotwórcze	energotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórcze	energotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórcze	energotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energotwórcze	energotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energotwórczego	energotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energotwórczego	energotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energotwórczej	energotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energotwórczej	energotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energotwórczej	energotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energotwórczemu	energotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energotwórczo	energotwórczy	adja		
energotwórczych	energotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energotwórczych	energotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórczych	energotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórczy	energotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energotwórczy	energotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energotwórczy	energotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energotwórczym	energotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energotwórczym	energotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energotwórczym	energotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energotwórczymi	energotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energożernie	energożernie	adv:pos		
energożernościach	energożerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożernościami	energożerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożernością	energożerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerności	energożerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożernościom	energożerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerność	energożerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerność	energożerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
energożerna	energożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
energożerną	energożerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
energożerną	energożerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
energożerne	energożerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energożerne	energożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
energożerne	energożerny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
energożerne	energożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
energożernego	energożerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
energożernego	energożerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energożernej	energożerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
energożernej	energożerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
energożernej	energożerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
energożernemu	energożerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energożerni	energożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
energożerno	energożerny	adja		
energożernych	energożerny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
energożernych	energożerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energożernych	energożerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energożerny	energożerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
energożerny	energożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
energożernym	energożerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
energożernym	energożerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energożernym	energożerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
energożernymi	energożerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enerwować	enerwować	inf:imperf		daw.
enerwowaliby	enerwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowalibyście	enerwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowalibyśmy	enerwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowali	enerwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
enerwowali	enerwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowaliście	enerwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowaliśmy	enerwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałaby	enerwować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałabym	enerwować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałabyś	enerwować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowała	enerwować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
enerwowała	enerwować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałam	enerwować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałaś	enerwować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałby	enerwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałbym	enerwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałbyś	enerwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałem	enerwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwował	enerwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
enerwował	enerwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałeś	enerwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałoby	enerwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałobym	enerwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałobyś	enerwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowało	enerwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
enerwowało	enerwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałom	enerwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowałoś	enerwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałyby	enerwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałybyście	enerwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałybyśmy	enerwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowały	enerwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
enerwowały	enerwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwowałyście	enerwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwowałyśmy	enerwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwowana	enerwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
enerwowaną	enerwować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
enerwowane	enerwować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwowane	enerwować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowanego	enerwować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
enerwowanego	enerwować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowanej	enerwować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
enerwowanemu	enerwować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowaniach	enerwować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowania	enerwować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowania	enerwować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowaniami	enerwować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowanie	enerwować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowaniem	enerwować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowani	enerwować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enerwowaniom	enerwować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowaniu	enerwować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowano	enerwować	imps:imperf		daw.
enerwowanych	enerwować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enerwowanych	enerwować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwowany	enerwować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
enerwowany	enerwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
enerwowanym	enerwować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwowanym	enerwować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwowanymi	enerwować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwowań	enerwować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
enerwująca	enerwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
enerwującą	enerwować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
enerwujące	enerwować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwujące	enerwować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwującego	enerwować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
enerwującego	enerwować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwującej	enerwować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
enerwującemu	enerwować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwując	enerwować	pcon:imperf		daw.
enerwująco	enerwować	pacta		
enerwujących	enerwować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enerwujących	enerwować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwujący	enerwować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enerwujący	enerwować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
enerwujący	enerwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
enerwującym	enerwować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwującym	enerwować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enerwującymi	enerwować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enerwują	enerwować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwujcie	enerwować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwujecie	enerwować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwuje	enerwować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
enerwujemy	enerwować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwuj	enerwować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwujesz	enerwować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
enerwuję	enerwować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
enerwujmy	enerwować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engagement	engagement	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
engramach	engram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramami	engram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramem	engram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engram	engram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engram	engram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramie	engram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramie	engram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramom	engram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramowi	engram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramów	engram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramu	engram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramy	engram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramy	engram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
engramy	engram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniach	enharmonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonia	enharmonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniami	enharmonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonią	enharmonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonie	enharmonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonie	enharmonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonie	enharmonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonię	enharmonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonii	enharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enharmonii	enharmonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonii	enharmonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonii	enharmonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonij	enharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enharmonio	enharmonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniom	enharmonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonicznie	enharmonicznie	adv:pos		
enharmonicznościach	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonicznościami	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonicznością	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczności	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmonicznościom	enharmoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczność	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczność	enharmoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enharmoniczna	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enharmoniczną	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enharmoniczną	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enharmoniczne	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enharmoniczne	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enharmoniczne	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enharmoniczne	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enharmonicznego	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enharmonicznego	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enharmonicznej	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enharmonicznej	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enharmonicznej	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enharmonicznemu	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enharmoniczni	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enharmoniczno	enharmoniczny	adja		
enharmonicznych	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enharmonicznych	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enharmonicznych	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enharmoniczny	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enharmoniczny	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enharmonicznym	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enharmonicznym	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enharmonicznym	enharmoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enharmonicznymi	enharmoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enigmach	enigm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmami	enigm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmem	enigm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigm	enigm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigm	enigm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmie	enigm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmie	enigm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmom	enigm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmowi	enigm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmów	enigm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmu	enigm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmy	enigm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmy	enigm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmy	enigm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
enigmach	enigma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigma	enigma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmami	enigma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmą	enigma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigm	enigma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmę	enigma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmie	enigma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmie	enigma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmo	enigma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmom	enigma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmy	enigma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmy	enigma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmy	enigma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmy	enigma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmacie	enigmat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmacie	enigmat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatach	enigmat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatami	enigmat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatem	enigmat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmat	enigmat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmat	enigmat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatom	enigmat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatowi	enigmat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatów	enigmat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatu	enigmat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmaty	enigmat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmaty	enigmat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmaty	enigmat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
enigmatycznie	enigmatycznie	adv:pos		
enigmatycznościach	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatycznościami	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatycznością	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczności	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatycznościom	enigmatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczność	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczność	enigmatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enigmatyczna	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enigmatyczną	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enigmatyczną	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enigmatyczne	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enigmatyczne	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enigmatyczne	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enigmatyczne	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enigmatycznego	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enigmatycznego	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enigmatycznej	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enigmatycznej	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enigmatycznej	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enigmatycznemu	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enigmatyczni	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enigmatyczno	enigmatyczny	adja		
enigmatycznych	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enigmatycznych	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enigmatycznych	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enigmatyczny	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enigmatyczny	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enigmatycznym	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enigmatycznym	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enigmatycznym	enigmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enigmatycznymi	enigmatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustach	enkausta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausta	enkausta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustami	enkausta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustą	enkausta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaust	enkausta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustę	enkausta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausto	enkausta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustom	enkausta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausty	enkausta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausty	enkausta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausty	enkausta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkausty	enkausta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkauście	enkausta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkauście	enkausta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustycznościach	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustycznościami	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustycznością	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczności	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustycznościom	enkaustyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczność	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczność	enkaustyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyczna	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enkaustyczną	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enkaustyczną	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enkaustyczne	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustyczne	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustyczne	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enkaustyczne	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enkaustycznego	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enkaustycznego	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkaustycznej	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enkaustycznej	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enkaustycznej	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enkaustycznemu	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkaustyczni	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enkaustyczno	enkaustyczny	adja		
enkaustycznych	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enkaustycznych	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustycznych	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustyczny	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enkaustyczny	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enkaustycznym	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustycznym	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkaustycznym	enkaustyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkaustycznymi	enkaustyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkaustyce	enkaustyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyce	enkaustyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustykach	enkaustyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyka	enkaustyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustykami	enkaustyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyką	enkaustyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyk	enkaustyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustykę	enkaustyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyki	enkaustyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyki	enkaustyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyki	enkaustyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyki	enkaustyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustyko	enkaustyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkaustykom	enkaustyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowscy	enkawudowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enkawudowska	enkawudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enkawudowską	enkawudowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enkawudowską	enkawudowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enkawudowskich	enkawudowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enkawudowskich	enkawudowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowskich	enkawudowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowskie	enkawudowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowskie	enkawudowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowskie	enkawudowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowskie	enkawudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowskiego	enkawudowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enkawudowskiego	enkawudowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowskiej	enkawudowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enkawudowskiej	enkawudowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enkawudowskiej	enkawudowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enkawudowskiemu	enkawudowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowski	enkawudowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enkawudowski	enkawudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enkawudowskim	enkawudowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowskim	enkawudowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowskim	enkawudowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enkawudowskimi	enkawudowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enkawudowsko	enkawudowski	adja		
enkawudowsku	enkawudowski	adjp		
enkawudowsko	enkawudowsko	adv:pos		
enkawudowskościach	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskościami	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskością	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskości	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskościom	enkawudowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskość	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudowskość	enkawudowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystach	enkawudysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudysta	enkawudysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystami	enkawudysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystą	enkawudysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystę	enkawudysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudysto	enkawudysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystom	enkawudysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystów	enkawudysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudystów	enkawudysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudysty	enkawudysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudysty	enkawudysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudysty	enkawudysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudyście	enkawudysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudyście	enkawudysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudyści	enkawudysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudyści	enkawudysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enkawudzistach	enkawudzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzista	enkawudzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistami	enkawudzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistą	enkawudzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistę	enkawudzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzisto	enkawudzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistom	enkawudzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistów	enkawudzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzistów	enkawudzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzisty	enkawudzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzisty	enkawudzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudzisty	enkawudzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudziście	enkawudzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudziście	enkawudzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudziści	enkawudzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkawudziści	enkawudzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
enkefalinach	enkefalina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalina	enkefalina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalinami	enkefalina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefaliną	enkefalina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalin	enkefalina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalinę	enkefalina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalinie	enkefalina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalinie	enkefalina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalino	enkefalina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefalinom	enkefalina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefaliny	enkefalina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefaliny	enkefalina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefaliny	enkefalina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkefaliny	enkefalina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawach	enklawa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawa	enklawa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawami	enklawa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawą	enklawa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklaw	enklawa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawę	enklawa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawie	enklawa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawie	enklawa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawo	enklawa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawom	enklawa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawy	enklawa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawy	enklawa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawy	enklawa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklawy	enklawa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitycznościach	enklityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitycznościami	enklityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitycznością	enklityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczności	enklityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitycznościom	enklityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczność	enklityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczność	enklityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityczna	enklityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enklityczną	enklityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enklityczną	enklityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enklityczne	enklityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enklityczne	enklityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enklityczne	enklityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enklityczne	enklityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enklitycznego	enklityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enklitycznego	enklityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enklitycznej	enklityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enklitycznej	enklityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enklitycznej	enklityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enklitycznemu	enklityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enklityczni	enklityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enklityczno	enklityczny	adja		
enklitycznych	enklityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enklitycznych	enklityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enklitycznych	enklityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enklityczny	enklityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enklityczny	enklityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enklitycznym	enklityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enklitycznym	enklityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enklitycznym	enklityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enklitycznymi	enklityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enklityce	enklityka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityce	enklityka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitykach	enklityka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityka	enklityka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitykami	enklityka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityką	enklityka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityk	enklityka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitykę	enklityka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityki	enklityka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityki	enklityka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityki	enklityka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityki	enklityka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklityko	enklityka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklitykom	enklityka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizach	enkliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkliza	enkliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizami	enkliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizą	enkliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enkliz	enkliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizę	enkliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizie	enkliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizie	enkliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizo	enkliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizom	enkliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizy	enkliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizy	enkliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizy	enkliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enklizy	enkliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enolach	enol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolami	enol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enole	enol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enole	enol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enole	enol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolem	enol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enol	enol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enol	enol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enoli	enol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolom	enol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolowi	enol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolu	enol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolu	enol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolu	enol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enolodzy	enolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enolodzy	enolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologach	enolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologa	enolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologa	enolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologami	enolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enolog	enolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologiem	enolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologi	enolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enologi	enolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enologom	enolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologowie	enolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologowie	enolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologowi	enolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologów	enolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologów	enolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologu	enolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologu	enolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enologiach	enologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologia	enologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiami	enologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologią	enologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologie	enologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologie	enologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologie	enologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologię	enologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologii	enologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enologii	enologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologii	enologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologii	enologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologij	enologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enologio	enologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiom	enologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologicznie	enologicznie	adv:pos		
enologicznościach	enologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologicznościami	enologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologicznością	enologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczności	enologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologicznościom	enologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczność	enologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczność	enologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enologiczna	enologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enologiczną	enologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enologiczną	enologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enologiczne	enologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enologiczne	enologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enologiczne	enologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enologiczne	enologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enologicznego	enologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enologicznego	enologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enologicznej	enologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enologicznej	enologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enologicznej	enologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enologicznemu	enologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enologiczni	enologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enologiczno	enologiczny	adja		
enologicznych	enologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enologicznych	enologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enologicznych	enologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enologiczny	enologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enologiczny	enologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enologicznym	enologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enologicznym	enologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enologicznym	enologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enologicznymi	enologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enometrach	enometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrami	enometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrem	enometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometr	enometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometr	enometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrom	enometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrowi	enometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrów	enometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometru	enometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometry	enometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometry	enometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometry	enometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrze	enometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enometrze	enometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninach	enotanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotanina	enotanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninami	enotanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaniną	enotanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotanin	enotanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninę	enotanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninie	enotanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninie	enotanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotanino	enotanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaninom	enotanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaniny	enotanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaniny	enotanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaniny	enotanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enotaniny	enotanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerach	enpeer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerami	enpeer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerem	enpeer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeer	enpeer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeer	enpeer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerom	enpeer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerowi	enpeer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerów	enpeer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeeru	enpeer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeery	enpeer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeery	enpeer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeery	enpeer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerze	enpeer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enpeerze	enpeer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblach	ensemble	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblami	ensemble	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’ach	ensemble	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’a	ensemble	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’ami	ensemble	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’e	ensemble	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’e	ensemble	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’e	ensemble	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’em	ensemble	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble	ensemble	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble	ensemble	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble	ensemble	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble	ensemble	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble	ensemble	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblem	ensemble	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’om	ensemble	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’owi	ensemble	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’ów	ensemble	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’u	ensemble	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemble’u	ensemble	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensembli	ensemble	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblom	ensemble	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowi	ensemble	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblów	ensemble	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblu	ensemble	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblu	ensemble	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblu	ensemble	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowościach	ensemblowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowościami	ensemblowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowością	ensemblowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowości	ensemblowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowościom	ensemblowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowość	ensemblowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowość	ensemblowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ensemblowa	ensemblowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ensemblową	ensemblowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ensemblową	ensemblowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ensemblowe	ensemblowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ensemblowe	ensemblowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ensemblowe	ensemblowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowe	ensemblowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowego	ensemblowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ensemblowego	ensemblowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowej	ensemblowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ensemblowej	ensemblowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ensemblowej	ensemblowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ensemblowemu	ensemblowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowi	ensemblowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ensemblowo	ensemblowy	adja		
ensemblowych	ensemblowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ensemblowych	ensemblowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ensemblowych	ensemblowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ensemblowy	ensemblowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ensemblowy	ensemblowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ensemblowym	ensemblowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ensemblowym	ensemblowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowym	ensemblowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ensemblowymi	ensemblowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
encie	ent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encie	ent	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
encie	ent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
encie	ent	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entach	ent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entach	ent	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enta	ent	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enta	ent	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enta	ent	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enta	ent	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entami	ent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entami	ent	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entem	ent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entem	ent	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ent	ent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ent	ent	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entom	ent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entom	ent	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entowie	ent	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entowie	ent	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entowi	ent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entowi	ent	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entów	ent	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entów	ent	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entów	ent	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enty	ent	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enty	ent	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enty	ent	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enty	ent	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enty	ent	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entalpiach	entalpia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpia	entalpia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpiami	entalpia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpią	entalpia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpie	entalpia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpie	entalpia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpie	entalpia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpię	entalpia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpii	entalpia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
entalpii	entalpia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpii	entalpia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpii	entalpia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpij	entalpia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
entalpio	entalpia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entalpiom	entalpia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebach	entameba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameba	entameba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebami	entameba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebą	entameba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameb	entameba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebę	entameba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebie	entameba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebie	entameba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebo	entameba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entamebom	entameba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameby	entameba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameby	entameba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameby	entameba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entameby	entameba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazach	entaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entaza	entaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazami	entaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazą	entaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entaz	entaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazę	entaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazie	entaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazie	entaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazo	entaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazom	entaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazy	entaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazy	entaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazy	entaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entazy	entaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechiach	entelechia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechia	entelechia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechiami	entelechia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechią	entelechia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechie	entelechia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechie	entelechia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechie	entelechia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechię	entelechia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechii	entelechia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
entelechii	entelechia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechii	entelechia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechii	entelechia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechij	entelechia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
entelechio	entelechia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entelechiom	entelechia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entencie	ententa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entencie	ententa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententach	ententa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententa	ententa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententami	ententa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententą	ententa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entent	ententa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententę	ententa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entento	ententa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententom	ententa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententy	ententa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententy	ententa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententy	ententa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ententy	ententa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterach	enter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterami	enter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterem	enter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enter	enter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enter	enter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterom	enter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterowi	enter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterów	enter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteru	enter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entery	enter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entery	enter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entery	enter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterze	enter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterze	enter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazach	enterokinaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinaza	enterokinaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazami	enterokinaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazą	enterokinaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinaz	enterokinaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazę	enterokinaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazie	enterokinaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazie	enterokinaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazo	enterokinaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazom	enterokinaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazy	enterokinaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazy	enterokinaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazy	enterokinaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokinazy	enterokinaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterokokach	enterokok	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoka	enterokok	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoka	enterokok	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokokami	enterokok	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokok	enterokok	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokokiem	enterokok	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoki	enterokok	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoki	enterokok	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoki	enterokok	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokokom	enterokok	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokokowi	enterokok	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoków	enterokok	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoku	enterokok	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterokoku	enterokok	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfach	enteromorfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfa	enteromorfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfami	enteromorfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfą	enteromorfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorf	enteromorfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfę	enteromorfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfie	enteromorfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfie	enteromorfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfo	enteromorfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfom	enteromorfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfy	enteromorfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfy	enteromorfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfy	enteromorfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteromorfy	enteromorfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazach	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydaza	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazami	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazą	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydaz	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazę	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazie	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazie	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazo	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazom	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazy	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazy	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazy	enteropeptydaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteropeptydazy	enteropeptydaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopach	enteroskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopami	enteroskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopem	enteroskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskop	enteroskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskop	enteroskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopie	enteroskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopie	enteroskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopom	enteroskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopowi	enteroskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopów	enteroskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopu	enteroskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopy	enteroskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopy	enteroskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopy	enteroskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopiach	enteroskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopia	enteroskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopiami	enteroskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopią	enteroskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopie	enteroskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopie	enteroskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopie	enteroskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopię	enteroskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopii	enteroskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enteroskopii	enteroskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopii	enteroskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopii	enteroskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopij	enteroskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enteroskopio	enteroskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enteroskopiom	enteroskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynach	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyna	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynami	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyną	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyn	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynę	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynie	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynie	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyno	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksynom	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyny	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyny	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyny	enterotoksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterotoksyny	enterotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusach	enterowirus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusa	enterowirus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusa	enterowirus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusami	enterowirus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusem	enterowirus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirus	enterowirus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusie	enterowirus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusie	enterowirus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusom	enterowirus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusowi	enterowirus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusów	enterowirus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusy	enterowirus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusy	enterowirus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enterowirusy	enterowirus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entliczek	entliczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczek	entliczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczkach	entliczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczka	entliczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczkami	entliczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczkiem	entliczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczki	entliczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczki	entliczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczki	entliczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczkom	entliczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczkowi	entliczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczków	entliczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczku	entliczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entliczku	entliczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastach	entoblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastami	entoblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastem	entoblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblast	entoblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblast	entoblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastom	entoblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastowi	entoblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastów	entoblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblastu	entoblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblasty	entoblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblasty	entoblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblasty	entoblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblaście	entoblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entoblaście	entoblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entodermach	entoderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoderma	entoderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermami	entoderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermą	entoderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoderm	entoderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermę	entoderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermie	entoderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermie	entoderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermo	entoderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermom	entoderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermy	entoderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermy	entoderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermy	entoderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermy	entoderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalnościach	entodermalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalnościami	entodermalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalnością	entodermalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalności	entodermalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalnościom	entodermalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalność	entodermalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalność	entodermalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entodermalna	entodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entodermalną	entodermalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entodermalną	entodermalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entodermalne	entodermalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entodermalne	entodermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entodermalne	entodermalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entodermalne	entodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entodermalnego	entodermalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entodermalnego	entodermalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entodermalnej	entodermalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entodermalnej	entodermalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entodermalnej	entodermalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entodermalnemu	entodermalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entodermalni	entodermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entodermalno	entodermalny	adja		
entodermalnych	entodermalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entodermalnych	entodermalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entodermalnych	entodermalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entodermalny	entodermalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entodermalny	entodermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entodermalnym	entodermalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entodermalnym	entodermalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entodermalnym	entodermalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entodermalnymi	entodermalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entomofagach	entomofag	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaga	entomofag	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaga	entomofag	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagami	entomofag	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofag	entomofag	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagiem	entomofag	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagi	entomofag	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagi	entomofag	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagi	entomofag	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagom	entomofag	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagowi	entomofag	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagów	entomofag	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagu	entomofag	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofagu	entomofag	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunach	entomofauna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauna	entomofauna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunami	entomofauna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauną	entomofauna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaun	entomofauna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunę	entomofauna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunie	entomofauna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunie	entomofauna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauno	entomofauna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofaunom	entomofauna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauny	entomofauna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauny	entomofauna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauny	entomofauna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomofauny	entomofauna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamach	entomogam	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamami	entomogam	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamem	entomogam	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogam	entomogam	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogam	entomogam	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamie	entomogam	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamie	entomogam	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamom	entomogam	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamowi	entomogam	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamów	entomogam	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamu	entomogam	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamy	entomogam	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamy	entomogam	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamy	entomogam	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
entomogamiach	entomogamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamia	entomogamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamiami	entomogamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamią	entomogamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamie	entomogamia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamie	entomogamia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamie	entomogamia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamię	entomogamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamii	entomogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
entomogamii	entomogamia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamii	entomogamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamii	entomogamia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamij	entomogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
entomogamio	entomogamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomogamiom	entomogamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomolodzy	entomolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomolodzy	entomolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologach	entomolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologa	entomolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologa	entomolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologami	entomolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomolog	entomolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiem	entomolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologi	entomolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomologi	entomolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entomologom	entomolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologowie	entomolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologowie	entomolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologowi	entomolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologów	entomolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologów	entomolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologu	entomolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologu	entomolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiach	entomologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologia	entomologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiami	entomologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologią	entomologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologie	entomologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologie	entomologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologie	entomologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologię	entomologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologii	entomologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
entomologii	entomologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologii	entomologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologii	entomologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologij	entomologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
entomologio	entomologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiom	entomologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologicznościach	entomologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologicznościami	entomologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologicznością	entomologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczności	entomologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologicznościom	entomologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczność	entomologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczność	entomologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entomologiczna	entomologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entomologiczną	entomologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entomologiczną	entomologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entomologiczne	entomologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entomologiczne	entomologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entomologiczne	entomologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entomologiczne	entomologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entomologicznego	entomologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entomologicznego	entomologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entomologicznej	entomologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entomologicznej	entomologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entomologicznej	entomologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entomologicznemu	entomologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entomologiczni	entomologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entomologiczno	entomologiczny	adja		
entomologicznych	entomologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entomologicznych	entomologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entomologicznych	entomologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entomologiczny	entomologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entomologiczny	entomologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entomologicznym	entomologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entomologicznym	entomologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entomologicznym	entomologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entomologicznymi	entomologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entoplazmach	entoplazma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazma	entoplazma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmami	entoplazma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmą	entoplazma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazm	entoplazma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmę	entoplazma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmie	entoplazma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmie	entoplazma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmo	entoplazma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmom	entoplazma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmy	entoplazma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmy	entoplazma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmy	entoplazma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entoplazmy	entoplazma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entościach	entość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entościami	entość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entością	entość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entości	entość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entościom	entość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entość	entość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entość	entość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’ach	entourage	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’ami	entourage	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’e	entourage	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’e	entourage	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’e	entourage	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’em	entourage	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage	entourage	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage	entourage	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’om	entourage	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’owi	entourage	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’ów	entourage	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’u	entourage	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’u	entourage	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entourage’u	entourage	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrechat	entrechat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrée	entrée	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
entrepryzach	entrepryza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryza	entrepryza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzami	entrepryza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzą	entrepryza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryz	entrepryza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzę	entrepryza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzie	entrepryza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzie	entrepryza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzo	entrepryza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzom	entrepryza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzy	entrepryza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzy	entrepryza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzy	entrepryza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entrepryzy	entrepryza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
entropiach	entropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropia	entropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropiami	entropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropią	entropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropie	entropia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropie	entropia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropie	entropia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropię	entropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropii	entropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
entropii	entropia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropii	entropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropii	entropia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropij	entropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
entropio	entropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropiom	entropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijnościach	entropijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijnościami	entropijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijnością	entropijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijności	entropijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijnościom	entropijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijność	entropijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijność	entropijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropijna	entropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entropijną	entropijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entropijną	entropijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entropijne	entropijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entropijne	entropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entropijne	entropijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entropijne	entropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entropijnego	entropijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entropijnego	entropijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropijnej	entropijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entropijnej	entropijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entropijnej	entropijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entropijnemu	entropijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropijni	entropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entropijno	entropijny	adja		
entropijnych	entropijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entropijnych	entropijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropijnych	entropijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropijny	entropijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entropijny	entropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entropijnym	entropijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropijnym	entropijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropijnym	entropijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropijnymi	entropijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropionach	entropion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionami	entropion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionem	entropion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropion	entropion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropion	entropion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionie	entropion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionie	entropion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionom	entropion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionowi	entropion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionów	entropion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropionu	entropion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropiony	entropion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropiony	entropion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropiony	entropion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entropowościach	entropowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowościami	entropowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowością	entropowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowości	entropowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowościom	entropowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowość	entropowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowość	entropowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entropowa	entropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entropową	entropowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entropową	entropowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entropowe	entropowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entropowe	entropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entropowe	entropowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entropowe	entropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entropowego	entropowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entropowego	entropowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropowej	entropowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entropowej	entropowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entropowej	entropowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entropowemu	entropowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropowi	entropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entropowo	entropowy	adja		
entropowych	entropowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entropowych	entropowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropowych	entropowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropowy	entropowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entropowy	entropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entropowym	entropowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entropowym	entropowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropowym	entropowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entropowymi	entropowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastach	entuzjasta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjasta	entuzjasta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastami	entuzjasta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastą	entuzjasta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastę	entuzjasta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjasto	entuzjasta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastom	entuzjasta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastów	entuzjasta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastów	entuzjasta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjasty	entuzjasta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjasty	entuzjasta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjasty	entuzjasta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjaście	entuzjasta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjaście	entuzjasta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjaści	entuzjasta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjaści	entuzjasta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastce	entuzjastka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastce	entuzjastka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastek	entuzjastka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastkach	entuzjastka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastka	entuzjastka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastkami	entuzjastka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastką	entuzjastka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastkę	entuzjastka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastki	entuzjastka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastki	entuzjastka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastki	entuzjastka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastki	entuzjastka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastko	entuzjastka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastkom	entuzjastka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastycznie	entuzjastycznie	adv:pos		
entuzjastyczniej	entuzjastycznie	adv:com		
entuzjastycznościach	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastycznościami	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastycznością	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczności	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastycznościom	entuzjastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczność	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczność	entuzjastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjastyczna	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entuzjastyczną	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entuzjastyczną	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entuzjastyczne	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastyczne	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastyczne	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastyczne	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastycznego	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entuzjastycznego	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastycznej	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entuzjastycznej	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entuzjastycznej	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entuzjastycznemu	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastyczni	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entuzjastyczno	entuzjastyczny	adja		
entuzjastycznych	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entuzjastycznych	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastycznych	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastyczny	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entuzjastyczny	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entuzjastycznym	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjastycznym	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastycznym	entuzjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entuzjastycznymi	entuzjastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entuzjazmach	entuzjazm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmami	entuzjazm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmem	entuzjazm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazm	entuzjazm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazm	entuzjazm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmie	entuzjazm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmie	entuzjazm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmom	entuzjazm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmowi	entuzjazm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmów	entuzjazm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmu	entuzjazm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmy	entuzjazm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmy	entuzjazm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmy	entuzjazm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entuzjazmować	entuzjazmować	inf:imperf		
entuzjazmowaliby	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowalibyście	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowalibyśmy	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowali	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
entuzjazmowali	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowaliście	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowaliśmy	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałaby	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałabym	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałabyś	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowała	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
entuzjazmowała	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałam	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałaś	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałby	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałbym	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałbyś	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałem	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmował	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
entuzjazmował	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałeś	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałoby	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałobym	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałobyś	entuzjazmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowało	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
entuzjazmowało	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałom	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowałoś	entuzjazmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałyby	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałybyście	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałybyśmy	entuzjazmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowały	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
entuzjazmowały	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmowałyście	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmowałyśmy	entuzjazmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowana	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaną	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanego	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanego	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanej	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanemu	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaniach	entuzjazmować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowania	entuzjazmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowania	entuzjazmować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaniami	entuzjazmować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanie	entuzjazmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaniem	entuzjazmować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowani	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaniom	entuzjazmować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowaniu	entuzjazmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowano	entuzjazmować	imps:imperf		
entuzjazmowanych	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanych	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowany	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowany	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanym	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanym	entuzjazmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowanymi	entuzjazmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmowań	entuzjazmować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmująca	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującą	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujące	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujące	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującego	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującego	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującej	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującemu	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmując	entuzjazmować	pcon:imperf		
entuzjazmująco	entuzjazmować	pacta		
entuzjazmujących	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujących	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujący	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujący	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmujący	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującym	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującym	entuzjazmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmującymi	entuzjazmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
entuzjazmują	entuzjazmować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmujcie	entuzjazmować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmujecie	entuzjazmować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmuje	entuzjazmować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
entuzjazmujemy	entuzjazmować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmuj	entuzjazmować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmujesz	entuzjazmować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
entuzjazmuję	entuzjazmować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmujmy	entuzjazmować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
entuzjazmowanościach	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowanościami	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowanością	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaności	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowanościom	entuzjazmowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaność	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowaność	entuzjazmowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
entuzjazmowana	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowaną	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowaną	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowane	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanego	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanego	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanej	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanej	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanej	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanemu	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowani	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowano	entuzjazmowany	adja		przest.
entuzjazmowanych	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanych	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanych	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowany	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowany	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanym	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanym	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanym	entuzjazmowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
entuzjazmowanymi	entuzjazmowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
enci	enty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enta	enty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entą	enty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entą	enty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ente	enty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ente	enty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ente	enty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ente	enty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entego	enty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entego	enty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entej	enty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entej	enty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entej	enty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entemu	enty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ento	enty	adja		
entych	enty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entych	enty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entych	enty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enty	enty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enty	enty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entym	enty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entym	enty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entym	enty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entymi	enty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entymemacie	entymemat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymemacie	entymemat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematach	entymemat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematami	entymemat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematem	entymemat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymemat	entymemat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymemat	entymemat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematom	entymemat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematowi	entymemat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematów	entymemat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematu	entymemat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematy	entymemat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematy	entymemat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematy	entymemat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
entymematycznościach	entymematyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematycznościami	entymematyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematycznością	entymematyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczności	entymematyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematycznościom	entymematyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczność	entymematyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczność	entymematyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
entymematyczna	entymematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
entymematyczną	entymematyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
entymematyczną	entymematyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
entymematyczne	entymematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entymematyczne	entymematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
entymematyczne	entymematyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
entymematyczne	entymematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
entymematycznego	entymematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
entymematycznego	entymematyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entymematycznej	entymematyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
entymematycznej	entymematyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
entymematycznej	entymematyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
entymematycznemu	entymematyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entymematyczni	entymematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
entymematyczno	entymematyczny	adja		
entymematycznych	entymematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
entymematycznych	entymematyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entymematycznych	entymematyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entymematyczny	entymematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
entymematyczny	entymematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
entymematycznym	entymematyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
entymematycznym	entymematyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entymematycznym	entymematyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
entymematycznymi	entymematyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enumeracjach	enumeracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracja	enumeracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracjami	enumeracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracją	enumeracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracje	enumeracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracje	enumeracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracje	enumeracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumerację	enumeracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracji	enumeracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enumeracji	enumeracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracji	enumeracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracji	enumeracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracjo	enumeracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracjom	enumeracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeracyj	enumeracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enumeratywnie	enumeratywnie	adv:pos		
enumeratywnościach	enumeratywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywnościami	enumeratywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywnością	enumeratywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywności	enumeratywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywnościom	enumeratywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywność	enumeratywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywność	enumeratywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enumeratywna	enumeratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enumeratywną	enumeratywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enumeratywną	enumeratywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enumeratywne	enumeratywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enumeratywne	enumeratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enumeratywne	enumeratywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywne	enumeratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywnego	enumeratywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enumeratywnego	enumeratywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywnej	enumeratywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enumeratywnej	enumeratywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enumeratywnej	enumeratywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enumeratywnemu	enumeratywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywni	enumeratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enumeratywno	enumeratywny	adja		
enumeratywnych	enumeratywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enumeratywnych	enumeratywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enumeratywnych	enumeratywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enumeratywny	enumeratywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enumeratywny	enumeratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enumeratywnym	enumeratywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enumeratywnym	enumeratywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywnym	enumeratywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enumeratywnymi	enumeratywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enumerować	enumerować	inf:imperf		
enumerowaliby	enumerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
enumerowalibyście	enumerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
enumerowalibyśmy	enumerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
enumerowali	enumerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
enumerowali	enumerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
enumerowaliście	enumerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
enumerowaliśmy	enumerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
enumerowałaby	enumerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
enumerowałabym	enumerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
enumerowałabyś	enumerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
enumerowała	enumerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
enumerowała	enumerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
enumerowałam	enumerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
enumerowałaś	enumerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
enumerowałby	enumerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
enumerowałbym	enumerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
enumerowałbyś	enumerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
enumerowałem	enumerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
enumerował	enumerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
enumerował	enumerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
enumerowałeś	enumerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
enumerowałoby	enumerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
enumerowałobym	enumerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
enumerowałobyś	enumerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
enumerowało	enumerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
enumerowało	enumerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
enumerowałom	enumerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
enumerowałoś	enumerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
enumerowałyby	enumerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
enumerowałybyście	enumerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
enumerowałybyśmy	enumerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
enumerowały	enumerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
enumerowały	enumerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
enumerowałyście	enumerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
enumerowałyśmy	enumerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
enumerowana	enumerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
enumerowaną	enumerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
enumerowane	enumerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerowane	enumerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowanego	enumerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
enumerowanego	enumerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowanej	enumerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
enumerowanemu	enumerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowaniach	enumerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowania	enumerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowania	enumerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowaniami	enumerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowanie	enumerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowaniem	enumerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowani	enumerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enumerowaniom	enumerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowaniu	enumerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowano	enumerować	imps:imperf		
enumerowanych	enumerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enumerowanych	enumerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerowany	enumerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
enumerowany	enumerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
enumerowanym	enumerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerowanym	enumerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerowanymi	enumerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerowań	enumerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
enumerująca	enumerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
enumerującą	enumerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
enumerujące	enumerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerujące	enumerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerującego	enumerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
enumerującego	enumerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerującej	enumerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
enumerującemu	enumerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerując	enumerować	pcon:imperf		
enumerująco	enumerować	pacta		
enumerujących	enumerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enumerujących	enumerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerujący	enumerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
enumerujący	enumerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
enumerujący	enumerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
enumerującym	enumerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerującym	enumerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
enumerującymi	enumerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
enumerują	enumerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
enumerujcie	enumerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
enumerujecie	enumerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
enumeruje	enumerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
enumerujemy	enumerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
enumeruj	enumerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
enumerujesz	enumerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
enumeruję	enumerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
enumerujmy	enumerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
enuncjacjach	enuncjacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacja	enuncjacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacjami	enuncjacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacją	enuncjacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacje	enuncjacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacje	enuncjacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacje	enuncjacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjację	enuncjacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacji	enuncjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enuncjacji	enuncjacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacji	enuncjacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacji	enuncjacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacjo	enuncjacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacjom	enuncjacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enuncjacyj	enuncjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enzootiach	enzootia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootia	enzootia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootiami	enzootia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootią	enzootia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootie	enzootia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootie	enzootia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootie	enzootia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootię	enzootia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootii	enzootia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enzootii	enzootia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootii	enzootia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootii	enzootia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootio	enzootia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootiom	enzootia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyj	enzootia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enzootycznie	enzootycznie	adv:pos		
enzootycznościach	enzootyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootycznościami	enzootyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootycznością	enzootyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczności	enzootyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootycznościom	enzootyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczność	enzootyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczność	enzootyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzootyczna	enzootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enzootyczną	enzootyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enzootyczną	enzootyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enzootyczne	enzootyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enzootyczne	enzootyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enzootyczne	enzootyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enzootyczne	enzootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enzootycznego	enzootyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enzootycznego	enzootyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzootycznej	enzootyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enzootycznej	enzootyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enzootycznej	enzootyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enzootycznemu	enzootyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzootyczni	enzootyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enzootyczno	enzootyczny	adja		
enzootycznych	enzootyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enzootycznych	enzootyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzootycznych	enzootyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzootyczny	enzootyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enzootyczny	enzootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enzootycznym	enzootyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzootycznym	enzootyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzootycznym	enzootyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzootycznymi	enzootyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzymach	enzym	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymami	enzym	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymem	enzym	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzym	enzym	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzym	enzym	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymie	enzym	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymie	enzym	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymom	enzym	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymowi	enzym	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymów	enzym	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymu	enzym	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymy	enzym	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymy	enzym	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymy	enzym	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
enzymatycznościach	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatycznościami	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatycznością	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczności	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatycznościom	enzymatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczność	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczność	enzymatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymatyczna	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
enzymatyczną	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
enzymatyczną	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
enzymatyczne	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enzymatyczne	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
enzymatyczne	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
enzymatyczne	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
enzymatycznego	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
enzymatycznego	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzymatycznej	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
enzymatycznej	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
enzymatycznej	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
enzymatycznemu	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzymatyczni	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
enzymatyczno	enzymatyczny	adja		
enzymatycznych	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
enzymatycznych	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzymatycznych	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzymatyczny	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
enzymatyczny	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
enzymatycznym	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzymatycznym	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzymatycznym	enzymatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
enzymatycznymi	enzymatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
enzymolodzy	enzymolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymolodzy	enzymolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologach	enzymolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologa	enzymolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologa	enzymolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologami	enzymolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymolog	enzymolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologiem	enzymolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologi	enzymolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologi	enzymolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologom	enzymolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologowie	enzymolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologowie	enzymolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologowi	enzymolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologów	enzymolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologów	enzymolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologu	enzymolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologu	enzymolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologiach	enzymologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologia	enzymologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologiami	enzymologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologią	enzymologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologie	enzymologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologie	enzymologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologie	enzymologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologię	enzymologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologii	enzymologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enzymologii	enzymologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologii	enzymologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologii	enzymologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologij	enzymologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
enzymologio	enzymologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymologiom	enzymologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatiach	enzymopatia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatia	enzymopatia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatiami	enzymopatia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatią	enzymopatia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatie	enzymopatia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatie	enzymopatia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatie	enzymopatia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatię	enzymopatia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatii	enzymopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
enzymopatii	enzymopatia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatii	enzymopatia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatii	enzymopatia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatio	enzymopatia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatiom	enzymopatia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
enzymopatyj	enzymopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eń	eń	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eń	eń	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eocenach	eocen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenami	eocen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenem	eocen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocen	eocen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocen	eocen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenie	eocen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenie	eocen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenom	eocen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenowi	eocen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenów	eocen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eocenu	eocen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eoceny	eocen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eoceny	eocen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eoceny	eocen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńscy	eoceński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eoceńska	eoceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eoceńską	eoceński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eoceńską	eoceński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eoceńskich	eoceński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eoceńskich	eoceński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńskich	eoceński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńskie	eoceński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńskie	eoceński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńskie	eoceński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eoceńskie	eoceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eoceńskiego	eoceński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eoceńskiego	eoceński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eoceńskiej	eoceński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eoceńskiej	eoceński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eoceńskiej	eoceński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eoceńskiemu	eoceński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eoceński	eoceński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eoceński	eoceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eoceńskim	eoceński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńskim	eoceński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eoceńskim	eoceński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eoceńskimi	eoceński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eoceńsko	eoceński	adja		
eoceńsku	eoceński	adjp		
eoceńsko	eoceńsko	adv:pos		
eoceńskościach	eoceńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskościami	eoceńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskością	eoceńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskości	eoceńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskościom	eoceńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskość	eoceńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoceńskość	eoceńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofitycznościach	eofityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofitycznościami	eofityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofitycznością	eofityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczności	eofityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofitycznościom	eofityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczność	eofityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczność	eofityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eofityczna	eofityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eofityczną	eofityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eofityczną	eofityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eofityczne	eofityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eofityczne	eofityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eofityczne	eofityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eofityczne	eofityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eofitycznego	eofityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eofitycznego	eofityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eofitycznej	eofityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eofitycznej	eofityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eofitycznej	eofityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eofitycznemu	eofityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eofityczni	eofityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eofityczno	eofityczny	adja		
eofitycznych	eofityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eofitycznych	eofityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eofitycznych	eofityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eofityczny	eofityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eofityczny	eofityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eofitycznym	eofityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eofitycznym	eofityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eofitycznym	eofityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eofitycznymi	eofityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolicznościach	eoliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolicznościami	eoliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolicznością	eoliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczności	eoliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolicznościom	eoliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczność	eoliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczność	eoliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eoliczna	eoliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eoliczną	eoliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eoliczną	eoliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eoliczne	eoliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eoliczne	eoliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eoliczne	eoliczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eoliczne	eoliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eolicznego	eoliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eolicznego	eoliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolicznej	eoliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eolicznej	eoliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eolicznej	eoliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eolicznemu	eoliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eoliczni	eoliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eoliczno	eoliczny	adja		
eolicznych	eoliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eolicznych	eoliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolicznych	eoliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eoliczny	eoliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eoliczny	eoliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eolicznym	eoliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolicznym	eoliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolicznym	eoliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolicznymi	eoliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolicie	eolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolicie	eolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitach	eolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitami	eolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitem	eolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolit	eolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolit	eolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitom	eolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitowi	eolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitów	eolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolitu	eolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolity	eolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolity	eolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eolity	eolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eologliptolicie	eologliptolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolicie	eologliptolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitach	eologliptolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitami	eologliptolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitem	eologliptolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolit	eologliptolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolit	eologliptolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitom	eologliptolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitowi	eologliptolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitów	eologliptolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolitu	eologliptolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolity	eologliptolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolity	eologliptolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eologliptolity	eologliptolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
eolowościach	eolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowościami	eolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowością	eolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowości	eolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowościom	eolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowość	eolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowość	eolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolowa	eolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eolową	eolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eolową	eolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eolowe	eolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eolowe	eolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eolowe	eolowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eolowe	eolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eolowego	eolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eolowego	eolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolowej	eolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eolowej	eolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eolowej	eolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eolowemu	eolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolowi	eolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eolowo	eolowy	adja		
eolowych	eolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eolowych	eolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolowych	eolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolowy	eolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eolowy	eolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eolowym	eolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolowym	eolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolowym	eolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolowymi	eolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolscy	eolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eolska	eolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eolską	eolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eolską	eolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eolskich	eolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eolskich	eolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolskich	eolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolskie	eolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eolskie	eolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eolskie	eolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eolskie	eolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eolskiego	eolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eolskiego	eolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolskiej	eolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eolskiej	eolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eolskiej	eolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eolskiemu	eolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolski	eolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eolski	eolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eolskim	eolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolskim	eolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolskim	eolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eolskimi	eolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eolsko	eolski	adja		
eolsku	eolski	adjp		
eolsko	eolsko	adv:pos		
eolskościach	eolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskościami	eolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskością	eolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskości	eolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskościom	eolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskość	eolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eolskość	eolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmach	eonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmami	eonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmem	eonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizm	eonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizm	eonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmie	eonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmie	eonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmom	eonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmowi	eonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmów	eonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmu	eonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmy	eonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmy	eonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonizmy	eonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonach	eon:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eona	eon:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eona	eon:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonami	eon:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonem	eon:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eon	eon:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonie	eon:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonie	eon:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eoni	eon:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eoni	eon:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonom	eon:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonowie	eon:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonowie	eon:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonowi	eon:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonów	eon:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonów	eon:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eony	eon:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eony	eon:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	filoz.
eonach	eon:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonami	eon:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonem	eon:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eon	eon:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eon	eon:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonie	eon:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonie	eon:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonom	eon:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonowi	eon:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonów	eon:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eonu	eon:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eony	eon:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eony	eon:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eony	eon:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoicznościach	eozoiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoicznościami	eozoiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoicznością	eozoiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczności	eozoiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoicznościom	eozoiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczność	eozoiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczność	eozoiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiczna	eozoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eozoiczną	eozoiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eozoiczną	eozoiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eozoiczne	eozoiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eozoiczne	eozoiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eozoiczne	eozoiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eozoiczne	eozoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eozoicznego	eozoiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eozoicznego	eozoiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eozoicznej	eozoiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eozoicznej	eozoiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eozoicznej	eozoiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eozoicznemu	eozoiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eozoiczni	eozoiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eozoiczno	eozoiczny	adja		
eozoicznych	eozoiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eozoicznych	eozoiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eozoicznych	eozoiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eozoiczny	eozoiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eozoiczny	eozoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eozoicznym	eozoiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eozoicznym	eozoiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eozoicznym	eozoiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eozoicznymi	eozoiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eozoikach	eozoik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoikami	eozoik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoik	eozoik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoik	eozoik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoikiem	eozoik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiki	eozoik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiki	eozoik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiki	eozoik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoikom	eozoik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoikowi	eozoik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoików	eozoik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiku	eozoik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiku	eozoik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozoiku	eozoik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynach	eozyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyna	eozyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynami	eozyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyną	eozyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyn	eozyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynę	eozyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynie	eozyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynie	eozyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyno	eozyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynom	eozyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyny	eozyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyny	eozyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyny	eozyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozyny	eozyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilach	eozynofil	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofila	eozynofil	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilami	eozynofil	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofile	eozynofil	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofile	eozynofil	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofile	eozynofil	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilem	eozynofil	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofil	eozynofil	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofil	eozynofil	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofili	eozynofil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilom	eozynofil	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilowi	eozynofil	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilów	eozynofil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilu	eozynofil	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilu	eozynofil	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilu	eozynofil	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofiliach	eozynofilia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilia	eozynofilia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofiliami	eozynofilia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilią	eozynofilia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilie	eozynofilia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilie	eozynofilia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilie	eozynofilia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilię	eozynofilia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilii	eozynofilia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eozynofilii	eozynofilia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilii	eozynofilia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilii	eozynofilia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofilij	eozynofilia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eozynofilio	eozynofilia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eozynofiliom	eozynofilia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozach	epanadiploza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiploza	epanadiploza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozami	epanadiploza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozą	epanadiploza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiploz	epanadiploza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozę	epanadiploza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozie	epanadiploza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozie	epanadiploza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozo	epanadiploza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozom	epanadiploza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozy	epanadiploza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozy	epanadiploza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozy	epanadiploza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanadiplozy	epanadiploza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsach	epanalepsa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsa	epanalepsa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsami	epanalepsa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsą	epanalepsa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanaleps	epanalepsa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsę	epanalepsa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsie	epanalepsa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsie	epanalepsa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepso	epanalepsa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsom	epanalepsa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsy	epanalepsa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsy	epanalepsa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsy	epanalepsa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epanalepsy	epanalepsa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchach	eparch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparcha	eparch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparcha	eparch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchami	eparch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchem	eparch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparch	eparch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchom	eparch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchowie	eparch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchowie	eparch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchowi	eparch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchów	eparch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchów	eparch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchu	eparch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchu	eparch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchy	eparch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eparchy	eparch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eparchach	eparcha	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparcha	eparcha	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchami	eparcha	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchą	eparcha	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchę	eparcha	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparcho	eparcha	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchom	eparcha	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchowie	eparcha	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchowie	eparcha	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchów	eparcha	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchów	eparcha	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchy	eparcha	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eparchy	eparcha	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eparchy	eparcha	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparsze	eparcha	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparsze	eparcha	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eparchiach	eparchia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchia	eparchia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchiami	eparchia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchią	eparchia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchie	eparchia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchie	eparchia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchie	eparchia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchię	eparchia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchii	eparchia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eparchii	eparchia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchii	eparchia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchii	eparchia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchij	eparchia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eparchio	eparchia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eparchiom	eparchia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epatować	epatować	inf:imperf		
epatowaliby	epatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epatowalibyście	epatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epatowalibyśmy	epatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epatowali	epatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
epatowali	epatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epatowaliście	epatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epatowaliśmy	epatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epatowałaby	epatować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epatowałabym	epatować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epatowałabyś	epatować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epatowała	epatować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
epatowała	epatować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epatowałam	epatować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epatowałaś	epatować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epatowałby	epatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epatowałbym	epatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epatowałbyś	epatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epatowałem	epatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epatował	epatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
epatował	epatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epatowałeś	epatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epatowałoby	epatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epatowałobym	epatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epatowałobyś	epatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epatowało	epatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
epatowało	epatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epatowałom	epatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epatowałoś	epatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epatowałyby	epatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epatowałybyście	epatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epatowałybyśmy	epatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epatowały	epatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
epatowały	epatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epatowałyście	epatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epatowałyśmy	epatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epatowana	epatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epatowaną	epatować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epatowane	epatować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatowane	epatować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatowanego	epatować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epatowanego	epatować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatowanej	epatować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epatowanemu	epatować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatowaniach	epatować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowania	epatować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowania	epatować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowaniami	epatować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowanie	epatować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowaniem	epatować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowani	epatować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epatowaniom	epatować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowaniu	epatować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epatowano	epatować	imps:imperf		
epatowanych	epatować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epatowanych	epatować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatowany	epatować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epatowany	epatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epatowanym	epatować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatowanym	epatować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatowanymi	epatować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatowań	epatować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epatująca	epatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epatującą	epatować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epatujące	epatować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatujące	epatować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatującego	epatować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epatującego	epatować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatującej	epatować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epatującemu	epatować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatując	epatować	pcon:imperf		
epatująco	epatować	pacta		
epatujących	epatować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epatujących	epatować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatujący	epatować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epatujący	epatować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epatujący	epatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epatującym	epatować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatującym	epatować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epatującymi	epatować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epatują	epatować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
epatujcie	epatować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
epatujecie	epatować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
epatuje	epatować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
epatujemy	epatować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
epatuj	epatować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
epatujesz	epatować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
epatuję	epatować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
epatujmy	epatować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
epeisodiach	epeisodion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodia	epeisodion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodia	epeisodion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodia	epeisodion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodiami	epeisodion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodiom	epeisodion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodionem	epeisodion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodion	epeisodion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodion	epeisodion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodion	epeisodion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodionie	epeisodion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodionowi	epeisodion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodionu	epeisodion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epeisodiów	epeisodion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezach	epejroforeza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforeza	epejroforeza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezami	epejroforeza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezą	epejroforeza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforez	epejroforeza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezę	epejroforeza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezie	epejroforeza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezie	epejroforeza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezo	epejroforeza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezom	epejroforeza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezy	epejroforeza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezy	epejroforeza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezy	epejroforeza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejroforezy	epejroforeza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetycznościach	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetycznościami	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetycznością	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczności	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetycznościom	epejrogenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczność	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczność	epejrogenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenetyczna	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epejrogenetyczną	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epejrogenetyczną	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epejrogenetyczne	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenetyczne	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenetyczne	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetyczne	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetycznego	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epejrogenetycznego	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetycznej	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epejrogenetycznej	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epejrogenetycznej	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epejrogenetycznemu	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetyczni	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epejrogenetyczno	epejrogenetyczny	adja		
epejrogenetycznych	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epejrogenetycznych	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenetycznych	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenetyczny	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epejrogenetyczny	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epejrogenetycznym	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenetycznym	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetycznym	epejrogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenetycznymi	epejrogenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenezach	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeneza	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezami	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezą	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenez	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezę	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezie	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezie	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezo	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezom	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezy	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezy	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezy	epejrogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenezy	epejrogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenicznościach	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenicznościami	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenicznością	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczności	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogenicznościom	epejrogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczność	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczność	epejrogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epejrogeniczna	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epejrogeniczną	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epejrogeniczną	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epejrogeniczne	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogeniczne	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogeniczne	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epejrogeniczne	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenicznego	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epejrogenicznego	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenicznej	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epejrogenicznej	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epejrogenicznej	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epejrogenicznemu	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogeniczni	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epejrogeniczno	epejrogeniczny	adja		
epejrogenicznych	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epejrogenicznych	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenicznych	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogeniczny	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epejrogeniczny	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epejrogenicznym	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejrogenicznym	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenicznym	epejrogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epejrogenicznymi	epejrogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epejsodiach	epejsodion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodia	epejsodion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodia	epejsodion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodia	epejsodion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodiami	epejsodion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodiom	epejsodion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodionem	epejsodion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodion	epejsodion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodion	epejsodion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodion	epejsodion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodionie	epejsodion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodionowi	epejsodion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodionu	epejsodion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epejsodiów	epejsodion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ependymach	ependyma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependyma	ependyma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymami	ependyma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymą	ependyma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependym	ependyma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymę	ependyma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymie	ependyma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymie	ependyma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymo	ependyma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymom	ependyma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymy	ependyma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymy	ependyma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymy	ependyma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ependymy	ependyma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetycznościach	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetycznościami	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetycznością	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczności	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetycznościom	epenetetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczność	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczność	epenetetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenetetyczna	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epenetetyczną	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epenetetyczną	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epenetetyczne	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epenetetyczne	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epenetetyczne	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epenetetyczne	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epenetetycznego	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epenetetycznego	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epenetetycznej	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epenetetycznej	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epenetetycznej	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epenetetycznemu	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epenetetyczni	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epenetetyczno	epenetetyczny	adja		
epenetetycznych	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epenetetycznych	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epenetetycznych	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epenetetyczny	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epenetetyczny	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epenetetycznym	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epenetetycznym	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epenetetycznym	epenetetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epenetetycznymi	epenetetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epentetycznościach	epentetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetycznościami	epentetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetycznością	epentetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczności	epentetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetycznościom	epentetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczność	epentetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczność	epentetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentetyczna	epentetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epentetyczną	epentetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epentetyczną	epentetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epentetyczne	epentetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epentetyczne	epentetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epentetyczne	epentetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epentetyczne	epentetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epentetycznego	epentetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epentetycznego	epentetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epentetycznej	epentetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epentetycznej	epentetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epentetycznej	epentetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epentetycznemu	epentetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epentetyczni	epentetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epentetyczno	epentetyczny	adja		
epentetycznych	epentetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epentetycznych	epentetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epentetycznych	epentetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epentetyczny	epentetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epentetyczny	epentetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epentetycznym	epentetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epentetycznym	epentetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epentetycznym	epentetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epentetycznymi	epentetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epentezach	epenteza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epenteza	epenteza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezami	epenteza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezą	epenteza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentez	epenteza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezę	epenteza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezie	epenteza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezie	epenteza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezo	epenteza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezom	epenteza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezy	epenteza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezy	epenteza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezy	epenteza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epentezy	epenteza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastach	epiblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastami	epiblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastem	epiblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblast	epiblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblast	epiblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastom	epiblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastowi	epiblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastów	epiblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblastu	epiblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblasty	epiblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblasty	epiblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblasty	epiblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblaście	epiblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblaście	epiblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemach	epiblema	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblema	epiblema	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemami	epiblema	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemą	epiblema	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblem	epiblema	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemę	epiblema	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemie	epiblema	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemie	epiblema	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemo	epiblema	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemom	epiblema	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemy	epiblema	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemy	epiblema	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemy	epiblema	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiblemy	epiblema	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialnościach	epicedialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialnościami	epicedialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialnością	epicedialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialności	epicedialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialnościom	epicedialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialność	epicedialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialność	epicedialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicedialna	epicedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epicedialną	epicedialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epicedialną	epicedialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epicedialne	epicedialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epicedialne	epicedialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epicedialne	epicedialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epicedialne	epicedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epicedialnego	epicedialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epicedialnego	epicedialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicedialnej	epicedialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epicedialnej	epicedialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epicedialnej	epicedialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epicedialnemu	epicedialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicedialni	epicedialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epicedialno	epicedialny	adja		
epicedialnych	epicedialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epicedialnych	epicedialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicedialnych	epicedialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicedialny	epicedialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epicedialny	epicedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epicedialnym	epicedialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicedialnym	epicedialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicedialnym	epicedialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicedialnymi	epicedialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicediach	epicedion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedia	epicedion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedia	epicedion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedia	epicedion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicediami	epicedion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicediom	epicedion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedionem	epicedion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedion	epicedion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedion	epicedion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedion	epicedion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedionie	epicedion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedionowi	epicedion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicedionu	epicedion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicediów	epicedion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralnościach	epicentralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralnościami	epicentralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralnością	epicentralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralności	epicentralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralnościom	epicentralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralność	epicentralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralność	epicentralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicentralna	epicentralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epicentralną	epicentralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epicentralną	epicentralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epicentralne	epicentralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epicentralne	epicentralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epicentralne	epicentralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epicentralne	epicentralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epicentralnego	epicentralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epicentralnego	epicentralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicentralnej	epicentralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epicentralnej	epicentralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epicentralnej	epicentralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epicentralnemu	epicentralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicentralni	epicentralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epicentralno	epicentralny	adja		
epicentralnych	epicentralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epicentralnych	epicentralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicentralnych	epicentralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicentralny	epicentralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epicentralny	epicentralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epicentralnym	epicentralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicentralnym	epicentralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicentralnym	epicentralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicentralnymi	epicentralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicentrach	epicentrum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentra	epicentrum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentra	epicentrum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentra	epicentrum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrami	epicentrum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrom	epicentrum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrów	epicentrum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicentrum	epicentrum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epicheremacie	epicheremat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicheremacie	epicheremat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematach	epicheremat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematami	epicheremat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematem	epicheremat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicheremat	epicheremat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicheremat	epicheremat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematom	epicheremat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematowi	epicheremat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematów	epicheremat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematu	epicheremat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematy	epicheremat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematy	epicheremat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicherematy	epicheremat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epiccy	epicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epicka	epicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epicką	epicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epicką	epicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epickich	epicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epickich	epicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epickich	epicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epickie	epicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epickie	epicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epickie	epicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epickie	epicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epickiego	epicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epickiego	epicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epickiej	epicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epickiej	epicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epickiej	epicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epickiemu	epicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicki	epicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epicki	epicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epickim	epicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epickim	epicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epickim	epicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epickimi	epicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicko	epicki	adja		
epicku	epicki	adjp		
epicko	epicko	adv:pos		
epickościach	epickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickościami	epickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickością	epickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickości	epickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickościom	epickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickość	epickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epickość	epickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklach	epicykl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklami	epicykl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykle	epicykl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykle	epicykl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykle	epicykl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklem	epicykl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykl	epicykl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykl	epicykl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykli	epicykl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklom	epicykl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklowi	epicykl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklów	epicykl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklu	epicykl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklu	epicykl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicyklu	epicykl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidach	epicykloida	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloida	epicykloida	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidami	epicykloida	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidą	epicykloida	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloid	epicykloida	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidę	epicykloida	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloido	epicykloida	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidom	epicykloida	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidy	epicykloida	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidy	epicykloida	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidy	epicykloida	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidy	epicykloida	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidzie	epicykloida	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicykloidzie	epicykloida	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicznie	epicznie	adv:pos		
epicznościach	epiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicznościami	epiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicznością	epiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczności	epiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epicznościom	epiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczność	epiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczność	epiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiczna	epiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epiczną	epiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epiczną	epiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epiczne	epiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epiczne	epiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epiczne	epiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epiczne	epiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epicznego	epiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epicznego	epiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicznej	epiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epicznej	epiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epicznej	epiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epicznemu	epiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epiczni	epiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epiczno	epiczny	adja		
epicznych	epiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epicznych	epiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicznych	epiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epiczny	epiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epiczny	epiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epicznym	epiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epicznym	epiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicznym	epiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epicznymi	epiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktycznościach	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktycznościami	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktycznością	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczności	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktycznościom	epideiktyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczność	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczność	epideiktyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epideiktyczna	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epideiktyczną	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epideiktyczną	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epideiktyczne	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktyczne	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktyczne	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epideiktyczne	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epideiktycznego	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epideiktycznego	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epideiktycznej	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epideiktycznej	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epideiktycznej	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epideiktycznemu	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epideiktyczni	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epideiktyczno	epideiktyczny	adja		
epideiktycznych	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epideiktycznych	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktycznych	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktyczny	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epideiktyczny	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epideiktycznym	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epideiktycznym	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epideiktycznym	epideiktyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epideiktycznymi	epideiktyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiach	epidemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemia	epidemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiami	epidemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemią	epidemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemie	epidemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemie	epidemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemie	epidemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemię	epidemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemii	epidemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epidemii	epidemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemii	epidemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemii	epidemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemij	epidemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epidemio	epidemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiom	epidemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemicznie	epidemicznie	adv:pos		
epidemicznościach	epidemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemicznościami	epidemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemicznością	epidemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczności	epidemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemicznościom	epidemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczność	epidemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczność	epidemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiczna	epidemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epidemiczną	epidemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epidemiczną	epidemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epidemiczne	epidemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiczne	epidemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiczne	epidemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epidemiczne	epidemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epidemicznego	epidemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epidemicznego	epidemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemicznej	epidemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epidemicznej	epidemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epidemicznej	epidemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epidemicznemu	epidemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemiczni	epidemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epidemiczno	epidemiczny	adja		
epidemicznych	epidemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epidemicznych	epidemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemicznych	epidemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiczny	epidemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epidemiczny	epidemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epidemicznym	epidemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemicznym	epidemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemicznym	epidemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemicznymi	epidemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiolodzy	epidemiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiolodzy	epidemiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologach	epidemiolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologa	epidemiolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologa	epidemiolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologami	epidemiolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiolog	epidemiolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiem	epidemiolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologi	epidemiolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologi	epidemiolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologom	epidemiolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologowie	epidemiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologowie	epidemiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologowi	epidemiolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologów	epidemiolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologów	epidemiolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologu	epidemiolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologu	epidemiolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiach	epidemiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologia	epidemiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiami	epidemiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologią	epidemiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologie	epidemiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologie	epidemiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologie	epidemiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologię	epidemiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologii	epidemiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epidemiologii	epidemiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologii	epidemiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologii	epidemiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologij	epidemiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epidemiologio	epidemiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiom	epidemiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologicznościach	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologicznościami	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologicznością	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczności	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologicznościom	epidemiologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczność	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczność	epidemiologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidemiologiczna	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epidemiologiczną	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epidemiologiczną	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epidemiologiczne	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiologiczne	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiologiczne	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologiczne	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologicznego	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epidemiologicznego	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologicznej	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epidemiologicznej	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epidemiologicznej	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epidemiologicznemu	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologiczni	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epidemiologiczno	epidemiologiczny	adja		
epidemiologicznych	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epidemiologicznych	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiologicznych	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiologiczny	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epidemiologiczny	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epidemiologicznym	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidemiologicznym	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologicznym	epidemiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidemiologicznymi	epidemiologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidermach	epiderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiderma	epiderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermami	epiderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermą	epiderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiderm	epiderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermę	epiderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermie	epiderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermie	epiderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermo	epiderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermom	epiderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermy	epiderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermy	epiderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermy	epiderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidermy	epiderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidianach	epidian	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianami	epidian	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianem	epidian	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidian	epidian	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidian	epidian	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianie	epidian	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianie	epidian	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianom	epidian	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianowi	epidian	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianów	epidian	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidianu	epidian	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidiany	epidian	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidiany	epidian	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidiany	epidian	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopach	epidiaskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopami	epidiaskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopem	epidiaskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskop	epidiaskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskop	epidiaskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopie	epidiaskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopie	epidiaskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopom	epidiaskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopowi	epidiaskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopów	epidiaskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopu	epidiaskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopy	epidiaskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopy	epidiaskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopy	epidiaskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
epidiaskopowościach	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowościami	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowością	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowości	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowościom	epidiaskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowość	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowość	epidiaskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epidiaskopowa	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epidiaskopową	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epidiaskopową	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epidiaskopowe	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidiaskopowe	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epidiaskopowe	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowe	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowego	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epidiaskopowego	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowej	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epidiaskopowej	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epidiaskopowej	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epidiaskopowemu	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowi	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epidiaskopowo	epidiaskopowy	adja		
epidiaskopowych	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epidiaskopowych	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidiaskopowych	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidiaskopowy	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epidiaskopowy	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epidiaskopowym	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidiaskopowym	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowym	epidiaskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epidiaskopowymi	epidiaskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epidocie	epidot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidocie	epidot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotach	epidot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotami	epidot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotem	epidot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidot	epidot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidot	epidot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotom	epidot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotowi	epidot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotów	epidot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidotu	epidot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidoty	epidot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidoty	epidot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epidoty	epidot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifaniach	epifania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifania	epifania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaniami	epifania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanią	epifania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanie	epifania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanie	epifania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanie	epifania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanię	epifania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanii	epifania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epifanii	epifania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanii	epifania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanii	epifania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifanij	epifania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epifanio	epifania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaniom	epifania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunach	epifauna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauna	epifauna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunami	epifauna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauną	epifauna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaun	epifauna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunę	epifauna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunie	epifauna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunie	epifauna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauno	epifauna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifaunom	epifauna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauny	epifauna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauny	epifauna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauny	epifauna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifauny	epifauna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenach	epifenomen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenami	epifenomen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenem	epifenomen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomen	epifenomen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomen	epifenomen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenie	epifenomen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenie	epifenomen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenom	epifenomen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenowi	epifenomen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenów	epifenomen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomenu	epifenomen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomeny	epifenomen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomeny	epifenomen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifenomeny	epifenomen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epificie	epifit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epificie	epifit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitach	epifit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitami	epifit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitem	epifit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifit	epifit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifit	epifit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitom	epifit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitowi	epifit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitów	epifit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitu	epifit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifity	epifit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifity	epifit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifity	epifit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozach	epifitoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitoza	epifitoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozami	epifitoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozą	epifitoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitoz	epifitoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozę	epifitoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozie	epifitoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozie	epifitoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozo	epifitoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozom	epifitoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozy	epifitoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozy	epifitoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozy	epifitoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitozy	epifitoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitycznościach	epifityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitycznościami	epifityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitycznością	epifityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczności	epifityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifitycznościom	epifityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczność	epifityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczność	epifityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifityczna	epifityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epifityczną	epifityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epifityczną	epifityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epifityczne	epifityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epifityczne	epifityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epifityczne	epifityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epifityczne	epifityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epifitycznego	epifityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epifitycznego	epifityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epifitycznej	epifityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epifitycznej	epifityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epifitycznej	epifityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epifitycznemu	epifityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epifityczni	epifityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epifityczno	epifityczny	adja		
epifitycznych	epifityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epifitycznych	epifityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epifitycznych	epifityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epifityczny	epifityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epifityczny	epifityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epifitycznym	epifityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epifitycznym	epifityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epifitycznym	epifityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epifitycznymi	epifityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epifityzmach	epifityzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmami	epifityzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmem	epifityzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzm	epifityzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzm	epifityzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmie	epifityzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmie	epifityzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmom	epifityzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmowi	epifityzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmów	epifityzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmu	epifityzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmy	epifityzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmy	epifityzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifityzmy	epifityzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epifonemach	epifonem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemami	epifonem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemem	epifonem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonem	epifonem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonem	epifonem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemie	epifonem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemie	epifonem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemom	epifonem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemowi	epifonem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemów	epifonem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemu	epifonem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemy	epifonem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemy	epifonem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epifonemy	epifonem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epiforach	epifora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifora	epifora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforami	epifora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforą	epifora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifor	epifora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforę	epifora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforo	epifora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforom	epifora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifory	epifora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifory	epifora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifory	epifora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifory	epifora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforze	epifora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforze	epifora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforycznościach	epiforyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforycznościami	epiforyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforycznością	epiforyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczności	epiforyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforycznościom	epiforyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczność	epiforyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczność	epiforyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiforyczna	epiforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epiforyczną	epiforyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epiforyczną	epiforyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epiforyczne	epiforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epiforyczne	epiforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epiforyczne	epiforyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epiforyczne	epiforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epiforycznego	epiforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epiforycznego	epiforyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epiforycznej	epiforyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epiforycznej	epiforyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epiforycznej	epiforyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epiforycznemu	epiforyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epiforyczni	epiforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epiforyczno	epiforyczny	adja		
epiforycznych	epiforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epiforycznych	epiforyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epiforycznych	epiforyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epiforyczny	epiforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epiforyczny	epiforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epiforycznym	epiforyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epiforycznym	epiforyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epiforycznym	epiforyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epiforycznymi	epiforyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epifrazach	epifraza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifraza	epifraza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazami	epifraza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazą	epifraza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifraz	epifraza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazę	epifraza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazie	epifraza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazie	epifraza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazo	epifraza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazom	epifraza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazy	epifraza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazy	epifraza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazy	epifraza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epifrazy	epifraza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetycznościach	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetycznościami	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetycznością	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczności	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetycznościom	epigenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczność	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczność	epigenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenetyczna	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epigenetyczną	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epigenetyczną	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epigenetyczne	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigenetyczne	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigenetyczne	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epigenetyczne	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epigenetycznego	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epigenetycznego	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigenetycznej	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epigenetycznej	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epigenetycznej	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epigenetycznemu	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigenetyczni	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epigenetyczno	epigenetyczny	adja		
epigenetycznych	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epigenetycznych	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigenetycznych	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigenetyczny	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epigenetyczny	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epigenetycznym	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigenetycznym	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigenetycznym	epigenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigenetycznymi	epigenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigenezach	epigeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigeneza	epigeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezami	epigeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezą	epigeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenez	epigeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezę	epigeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezie	epigeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezie	epigeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezo	epigeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezom	epigeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezy	epigeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezy	epigeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezy	epigeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigenezy	epigeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonach	epigon	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigona	epigon	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigona	epigon	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonami	epigon	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonem	epigon	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigon	epigon	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonie	epigon	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonie	epigon	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigoni	epigon	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigoni	epigon	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonom	epigon	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonowie	epigon	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonowie	epigon	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonowi	epigon	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonów	epigon	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigonów	epigon	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigony	epigon	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigony	epigon	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmach	epigonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmami	epigonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmem	epigonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizm	epigonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizm	epigonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmie	epigonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmie	epigonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmom	epigonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmowi	epigonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmów	epigonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmu	epigonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmy	epigonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmy	epigonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonizmy	epigonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigonce	epigonka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonce	epigonka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonek	epigonka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonkach	epigonka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonka	epigonka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonkami	epigonka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonką	epigonka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonkę	epigonka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonki	epigonka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonki	epigonka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonki	epigonka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonki	epigonka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonko	epigonka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigonkom	epigonka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońscy	epigoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epigońska	epigoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epigońską	epigoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epigońską	epigoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epigońskich	epigoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epigońskich	epigoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigońskich	epigoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigońskie	epigoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigońskie	epigoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigońskie	epigoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epigońskie	epigoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epigońskiego	epigoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epigońskiego	epigoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigońskiej	epigoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epigońskiej	epigoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epigońskiej	epigoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epigońskiemu	epigoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigoński	epigoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epigoński	epigoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epigońskim	epigoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigońskim	epigoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigońskim	epigoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigońskimi	epigoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigońsko	epigoński	adja		
epigońsku	epigoński	adjp		
epigońsko	epigońsko	adv:pos		
epigońskościach	epigońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskościami	epigońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskością	epigońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskości	epigońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskościom	epigońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskość	epigońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigońskość	epigońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwach	epigoństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwa	epigoństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwa	epigoństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwa	epigoństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwa	epigoństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwami	epigoństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwem	epigoństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństw	epigoństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwie	epigoństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwo	epigoństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwo	epigoństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwo	epigoństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwom	epigoństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigoństwu	epigoństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafach	epigraf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafami	epigraf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafem	epigraf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigraf	epigraf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigraf	epigraf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafie	epigraf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafie	epigraf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafom	epigraf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafowi	epigraf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafów	epigraf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafu	epigraf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafy	epigraf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafy	epigraf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafy	epigraf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzce	epigraficzka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzce	epigraficzka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzek	epigraficzka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzkach	epigraficzka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzka	epigraficzka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzkami	epigraficzka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzką	epigraficzka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzkę	epigraficzka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzki	epigraficzka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzki	epigraficzka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzki	epigraficzka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzki	epigraficzka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzko	epigraficzka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzkom	epigraficzka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficznościach	epigraficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficznościami	epigraficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficznością	epigraficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzności	epigraficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficznościom	epigraficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzność	epigraficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzność	epigraficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficzna	epigraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epigraficzną	epigraficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epigraficzną	epigraficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epigraficzne	epigraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficzne	epigraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficzne	epigraficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epigraficzne	epigraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epigraficznego	epigraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epigraficznego	epigraficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigraficznej	epigraficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epigraficznej	epigraficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epigraficznej	epigraficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epigraficznemu	epigraficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigraficzni	epigraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epigraficzno	epigraficzny	adja		
epigraficznych	epigraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epigraficznych	epigraficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficznych	epigraficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficzny	epigraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epigraficzny	epigraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epigraficznym	epigraficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficznym	epigraficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigraficznym	epigraficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigraficznymi	epigraficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigraficy	epigrafik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigraficy	epigrafik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikach	epigrafik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafika	epigrafik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafika	epigrafik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikami	epigrafik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafik	epigrafik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikiem	epigrafik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikom	epigrafik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikowi	epigrafik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafików	epigrafik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafików	epigrafik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiku	epigrafik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiku	epigrafik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafice	epigrafika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafice	epigrafika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikach	epigrafika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafika	epigrafika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikami	epigrafika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiką	epigrafika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafik	epigrafika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikę	epigrafika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiki	epigrafika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafiko	epigrafika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigrafikom	epigrafika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramach	epigram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramami	epigram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramem	epigram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigram	epigram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigram	epigram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramie	epigram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramie	epigram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramom	epigram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramowi	epigram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramów	epigram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramu	epigram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramy	epigram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramy	epigram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramy	epigram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramacie	epigramat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramacie	epigramat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatach	epigramat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatami	epigramat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatem	epigramat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramat	epigramat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramat	epigramat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatom	epigramat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatowi	epigramat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatów	epigramat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatu	epigramat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramaty	epigramat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramaty	epigramat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramaty	epigramat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatycznościach	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatycznościami	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatycznością	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczności	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatycznościom	epigramatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczność	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczność	epigramatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyczna	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epigramatyczną	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epigramatyczną	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epigramatyczne	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatyczne	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatyczne	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epigramatyczne	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epigramatycznego	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epigramatycznego	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigramatycznej	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epigramatycznej	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epigramatycznej	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epigramatycznemu	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigramatyczni	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epigramatyczno	epigramatyczny	adja		
epigramatycznych	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epigramatycznych	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatycznych	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatyczny	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epigramatyczny	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epigramatycznym	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatycznym	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigramatycznym	epigramatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epigramatycznymi	epigramatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epigramatycy	epigramatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatycy	epigramatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatykach	epigramatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyka	epigramatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyka	epigramatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatykami	epigramatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyk	epigramatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatykiem	epigramatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyki	epigramatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyki	epigramatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatykom	epigramatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatykowi	epigramatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyków	epigramatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyków	epigramatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyku	epigramatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epigramatyku	epigramatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epicy	epik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epicy	epik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikach	epik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epika	epik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epika	epik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikami	epik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epik	epik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikiem	epik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epiki	epik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epiki	epik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epikom	epik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikowi	epik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epików	epik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epików	epik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epiku	epik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epiku	epik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epice	epika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epice	epika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epikach	epika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epika	epika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epikami	epika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiką	epika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epik	epika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epikę	epika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiki	epika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiki	epika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiki	epika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiki	epika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiko	epika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epikom	epika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epiklezach	epikleza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikleza	epikleza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezami	epikleza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezą	epikleza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklez	epikleza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezę	epikleza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezie	epikleza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezie	epikleza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezo	epikleza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezom	epikleza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezy	epikleza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezy	epikleza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezy	epikleza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epiklezy	epikleza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalnościach	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalnościami	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalnością	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalności	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalnościom	epikontynentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalność	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalność	epikontynentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikontynentalna	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epikontynentalną	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epikontynentalną	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epikontynentalne	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epikontynentalne	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epikontynentalne	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalne	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalnego	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epikontynentalnego	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalnej	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epikontynentalnej	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epikontynentalnej	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epikontynentalnemu	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalni	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epikontynentalno	epikontynentalny	adja		
epikontynentalnych	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epikontynentalnych	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikontynentalnych	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikontynentalny	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epikontynentalny	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epikontynentalnym	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikontynentalnym	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalnym	epikontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikontynentalnymi	epikontynentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikryzach	epikryza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryza	epikryza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzami	epikryza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzą	epikryza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryz	epikryza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzę	epikryza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzie	epikryza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzie	epikryza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzo	epikryza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzom	epikryza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzy	epikryza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzy	epikryza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzy	epikryza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikryzy	epikryza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmach	epikureizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmami	epikureizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmem	epikureizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizm	epikureizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizm	epikureizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmie	epikureizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmie	epikureizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmom	epikureizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmowi	epikureizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmów	epikureizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmu	epikureizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmy	epikureizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmy	epikureizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikureizmy	epikureizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczycy	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczycy	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczykach	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyka	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyka	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczykami	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyk	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczykiem	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyki	epikurejczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyki	epikurejczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczykom	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczykowi	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyków	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyków	epikurejczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyku	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejczyku	epikurejczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejscy	epikurejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epikurejska	epikurejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epikurejską	epikurejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epikurejską	epikurejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epikurejskich	epikurejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epikurejskich	epikurejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejskich	epikurejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejskie	epikurejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejskie	epikurejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejskie	epikurejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epikurejskie	epikurejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epikurejskiego	epikurejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epikurejskiego	epikurejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikurejskiej	epikurejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epikurejskiej	epikurejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epikurejskiej	epikurejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epikurejskiemu	epikurejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikurejski	epikurejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epikurejski	epikurejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epikurejskim	epikurejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejskim	epikurejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikurejskim	epikurejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epikurejskimi	epikurejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epikurejsko	epikurejski	adja		
epikurejsku	epikurejski	adjp		
epikurejsko	epikurejsko	adv:pos		
epikurejskościach	epikurejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskościami	epikurejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskością	epikurejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskości	epikurejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskościom	epikurejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskość	epikurejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epikurejskość	epikurejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacjach	epilacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacja	epilacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacjami	epilacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacją	epilacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacje	epilacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacje	epilacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacje	epilacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilację	epilacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacji	epilacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epilacji	epilacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacji	epilacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacji	epilacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacjo	epilacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacjom	epilacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyj	epilacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epilacyjnościach	epilacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjnościami	epilacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjnością	epilacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjności	epilacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjnościom	epilacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjność	epilacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjność	epilacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilacyjna	epilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epilacyjną	epilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epilacyjną	epilacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epilacyjne	epilacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epilacyjne	epilacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epilacyjne	epilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjne	epilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjnego	epilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epilacyjnego	epilacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjnej	epilacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epilacyjnej	epilacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epilacyjnej	epilacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epilacyjnemu	epilacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjni	epilacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epilacyjno	epilacyjny	adja		
epilacyjnych	epilacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epilacyjnych	epilacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilacyjnych	epilacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilacyjny	epilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epilacyjny	epilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epilacyjnym	epilacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilacyjnym	epilacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjnym	epilacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilacyjnymi	epilacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilepsjach	epilepsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsja	epilepsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsjami	epilepsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsją	epilepsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsje	epilepsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsje	epilepsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsje	epilepsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsję	epilepsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsji	epilepsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
epilepsji	epilepsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsji	epilepsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsji	epilepsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsjo	epilepsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsjom	epilepsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
epilepsyj	epilepsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
epileptoidach	epileptoid	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoida	epileptoid	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoida	epileptoid	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidami	epileptoid	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidem	epileptoid	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoid	epileptoid	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidom	epileptoid	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidowi	epileptoid	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidów	epileptoid	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidów	epileptoid	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidy	epileptoid	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidy	epileptoid	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidzie	epileptoid	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidzie	epileptoid	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidzi	epileptoid	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptoidzi	epileptoid	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczce	epileptyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczce	epileptyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczek	epileptyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczkach	epileptyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczka	epileptyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczkami	epileptyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczką	epileptyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczkę	epileptyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczki	epileptyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczki	epileptyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczki	epileptyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczki	epileptyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczko	epileptyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczkom	epileptyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptycznie	epileptycznie	adv:pos		
epileptycznościach	epileptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptycznościami	epileptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptycznością	epileptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczności	epileptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptycznościom	epileptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczność	epileptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczność	epileptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyczna	epileptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epileptyczną	epileptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epileptyczną	epileptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epileptyczne	epileptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epileptyczne	epileptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epileptyczne	epileptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epileptyczne	epileptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epileptycznego	epileptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epileptycznego	epileptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epileptycznej	epileptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epileptycznej	epileptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epileptycznej	epileptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epileptycznemu	epileptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epileptyczni	epileptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epileptyczno	epileptyczny	adja		
epileptycznych	epileptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epileptycznych	epileptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epileptycznych	epileptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epileptyczny	epileptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epileptyczny	epileptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epileptycznym	epileptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epileptycznym	epileptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epileptycznym	epileptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epileptycznymi	epileptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epileptycy	epileptyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptycy	epileptyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptykach	epileptyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyka	epileptyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyka	epileptyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptykami	epileptyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyk	epileptyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptykiem	epileptyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyki	epileptyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyki	epileptyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epileptykom	epileptyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptykowi	epileptyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyków	epileptyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyków	epileptyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyku	epileptyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epileptyku	epileptyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epilicie	epilit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilicie	epilit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitach	epilit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitami	epilit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitem	epilit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilit	epilit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilit	epilit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitom	epilit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitowi	epilit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitów	epilit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilitu	epilit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epility	epilit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epility	epilit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epility	epilit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogach	epilog	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogami	epilog	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilog	epilog	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilog	epilog	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogiem	epilog	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogi	epilog	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogi	epilog	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogi	epilog	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogom	epilog	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowi	epilog	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogów	epilog	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogu	epilog	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogu	epilog	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogu	epilog	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowo	epilogowo	adv:pos		
epilogowościach	epilogowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowościami	epilogowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowością	epilogowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowości	epilogowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowościom	epilogowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowość	epilogowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowość	epilogowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epilogowa	epilogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epilogową	epilogowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epilogową	epilogowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epilogowe	epilogowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epilogowe	epilogowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epilogowe	epilogowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epilogowe	epilogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epilogowego	epilogowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epilogowego	epilogowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilogowej	epilogowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epilogowej	epilogowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epilogowej	epilogowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epilogowemu	epilogowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilogowi	epilogowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epilogowo	epilogowy	adja		
epilogowych	epilogowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epilogowych	epilogowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilogowych	epilogowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilogowy	epilogowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epilogowy	epilogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epilogowym	epilogowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilogowym	epilogowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilogowym	epilogowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epilogowymi	epilogowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epilować	epilować	inf:imperf		
epilowaliby	epilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epilowalibyście	epilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epilowalibyśmy	epilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epilowali	epilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
epilowali	epilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epilowaliście	epilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epilowaliśmy	epilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epilowałaby	epilować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epilowałabym	epilować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epilowałabyś	epilować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epilowała	epilować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
epilowała	epilować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epilowałam	epilować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epilowałaś	epilować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epilowałby	epilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epilowałbym	epilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epilowałbyś	epilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epilowałem	epilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epilował	epilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
epilował	epilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epilowałeś	epilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epilowałoby	epilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epilowałobym	epilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epilowałobyś	epilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epilowało	epilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
epilowało	epilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epilowałom	epilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epilowałoś	epilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epilowałyby	epilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epilowałybyście	epilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epilowałybyśmy	epilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epilowały	epilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
epilowały	epilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epilowałyście	epilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epilowałyśmy	epilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epilowana	epilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epilowaną	epilować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epilowane	epilować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilowane	epilować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilowanego	epilować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epilowanego	epilować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilowanej	epilować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epilowanemu	epilować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilowaniach	epilować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowania	epilować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowania	epilować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowaniami	epilować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowanie	epilować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowaniem	epilować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowani	epilować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epilowaniom	epilować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowaniu	epilować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epilowano	epilować	imps:imperf		
epilowanych	epilować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epilowanych	epilować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilowany	epilować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epilowany	epilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epilowanym	epilować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilowanym	epilować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilowanymi	epilować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilowań	epilować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epilująca	epilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epilującą	epilować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epilujące	epilować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilujące	epilować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilującego	epilować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epilującego	epilować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilującej	epilować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epilującemu	epilować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilując	epilować	pcon:imperf		
epilująco	epilować	pacta		
epilujących	epilować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epilujących	epilować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilujący	epilować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epilujący	epilować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epilujący	epilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epilującym	epilować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilującym	epilować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epilującymi	epilować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epilują	epilować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
epilujcie	epilować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
epilujecie	epilować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
epiluje	epilować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
epilujemy	epilować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
epiluj	epilować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
epilujesz	epilować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
epiluję	epilować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
epilujmy	epilować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
epimerach	epimer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerami	epimer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerem	epimer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimer	epimer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimer	epimer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerom	epimer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerowi	epimer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerów	epimer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimeru	epimer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimery	epimer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimery	epimer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimery	epimer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerze	epimer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimerze	epimer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozach	epimorfoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfoza	epimorfoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozami	epimorfoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozą	epimorfoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfoz	epimorfoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozę	epimorfoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozie	epimorfoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozie	epimorfoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozo	epimorfoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozom	epimorfoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozy	epimorfoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozy	epimorfoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozy	epimorfoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epimorfozy	epimorfoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonach	epinicjon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonami	epinicjon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonem	epinicjon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjon	epinicjon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjon	epinicjon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonie	epinicjon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonie	epinicjon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonom	epinicjon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonowi	epinicjon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonów	epinicjon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjonu	epinicjon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjony	epinicjon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjony	epinicjon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinicjony	epinicjon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionach	epinikion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionami	epinikion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionem	epinikion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikion	epinikion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikion	epinikion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionie	epinikion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionie	epinikion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionom	epinikion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionowi	epinikion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionów	epinikion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikionu	epinikion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikiony	epinikion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikiony	epinikion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epinikiony	epinikion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolicie	epipaleolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolicie	epipaleolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitach	epipaleolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitami	epipaleolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitem	epipaleolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolit	epipaleolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolit	epipaleolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitom	epipaleolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitowi	epipaleolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitów	epipaleolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolitu	epipaleolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolity	epipaleolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolity	epipaleolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipaleolity	epipaleolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialach	epipelagial	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialami	epipelagial	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagiale	epipelagial	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagiale	epipelagial	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagiale	epipelagial	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialem	epipelagial	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagial	epipelagial	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagial	epipelagial	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagiali	epipelagial	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialom	epipelagial	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialowi	epipelagial	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialów	epipelagial	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialu	epipelagial	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialu	epipelagial	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epipelagialu	epipelagial	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetycznościach	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetycznościami	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetycznością	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczności	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetycznościom	epirogenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczność	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczność	epirogenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenetyczna	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epirogenetyczną	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epirogenetyczną	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epirogenetyczne	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenetyczne	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenetyczne	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetyczne	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetycznego	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epirogenetycznego	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetycznej	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epirogenetycznej	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epirogenetycznej	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epirogenetycznemu	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetyczni	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epirogenetyczno	epirogenetyczny	adja		
epirogenetycznych	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epirogenetycznych	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenetycznych	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenetyczny	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epirogenetyczny	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epirogenetycznym	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenetycznym	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetycznym	epirogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epirogenetycznymi	epirogenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epirogenezach	epirogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogeneza	epirogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezami	epirogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezą	epirogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenez	epirogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezę	epirogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezie	epirogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezie	epirogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezo	epirogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezom	epirogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezy	epirogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezy	epirogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezy	epirogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epirogenezy	epirogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episjerach	episjer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjera	episjer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjera	episjer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerami	episjer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerem	episjer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjer	episjer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerom	episjer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerowie	episjer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerowie	episjer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerowi	episjer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerów	episjer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerów	episjer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjery	episjer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjery	episjer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerze	episjer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerze	episjer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerzy	episjer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerzy	episjer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerscy	episjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
episjerska	episjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
episjerską	episjerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
episjerską	episjerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
episjerskich	episjerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
episjerskich	episjerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjerskich	episjerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjerskie	episjerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjerskie	episjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjerskie	episjerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerskie	episjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerskiego	episjerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
episjerskiego	episjerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerskiej	episjerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
episjerskiej	episjerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
episjerskiej	episjerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
episjerskiemu	episjerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerski	episjerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
episjerski	episjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
episjerskim	episjerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjerskim	episjerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerskim	episjerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
episjerskimi	episjerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
episjersko	episjerski	adja		przest.
episjersku	episjerski	adjp		przest.
episjersko	episjersko	adv:pos		
episjerskościach	episjerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskościami	episjerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskością	episjerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskości	episjerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskościom	episjerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskość	episjerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerskość	episjerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwach	episjerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwa	episjerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwa	episjerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwa	episjerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwa	episjerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwami	episjerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwem	episjerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstw	episjerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwie	episjerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwo	episjerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwo	episjerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwo	episjerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwom	episjerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episjerstwu	episjerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
episkopach	episkop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopami	episkop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopem	episkop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkop	episkop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkop	episkop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopie	episkop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopie	episkop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopom	episkop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowi	episkop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopów	episkop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopu	episkop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopy	episkop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopy	episkop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopy	episkop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmach	episkopalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmami	episkopalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmem	episkopalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizm	episkopalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizm	episkopalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmie	episkopalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmie	episkopalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmom	episkopalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmowi	episkopalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmów	episkopalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmu	episkopalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmy	episkopalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmy	episkopalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalizmy	episkopalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalnościach	episkopalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalnościami	episkopalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalnością	episkopalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalności	episkopalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalnościom	episkopalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalność	episkopalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalność	episkopalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopalna	episkopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
episkopalną	episkopalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
episkopalną	episkopalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
episkopalne	episkopalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
episkopalne	episkopalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
episkopalne	episkopalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
episkopalne	episkopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
episkopalnego	episkopalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
episkopalnego	episkopalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopalnej	episkopalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
episkopalnej	episkopalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
episkopalnej	episkopalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
episkopalnemu	episkopalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopalni	episkopalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
episkopalno	episkopalny	adja		
episkopalnych	episkopalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
episkopalnych	episkopalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopalnych	episkopalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopalny	episkopalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
episkopalny	episkopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
episkopalnym	episkopalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopalnym	episkopalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopalnym	episkopalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopalnymi	episkopalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopacie	episkopat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopacie	episkopat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatach	episkopat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatami	episkopat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatem	episkopat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopat	episkopat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopat	episkopat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatom	episkopat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatowi	episkopat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatów	episkopat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopatu	episkopat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopaty	episkopat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopaty	episkopat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopaty	episkopat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rel.
episkopowościach	episkopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowościami	episkopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowością	episkopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowości	episkopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowościom	episkopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowość	episkopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowość	episkopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episkopowa	episkopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
episkopową	episkopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
episkopową	episkopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
episkopowe	episkopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
episkopowe	episkopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
episkopowe	episkopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
episkopowe	episkopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
episkopowego	episkopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
episkopowego	episkopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopowej	episkopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
episkopowej	episkopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
episkopowej	episkopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
episkopowemu	episkopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopowi	episkopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
episkopowo	episkopowy	adja		
episkopowych	episkopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
episkopowych	episkopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopowych	episkopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopowy	episkopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
episkopowy	episkopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
episkopowym	episkopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episkopowym	episkopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopowym	episkopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
episkopowymi	episkopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
episteme	episteme	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemolodzy	epistemolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemolodzy	epistemolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologach	epistemolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologa	epistemolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologa	epistemolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologami	epistemolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemolog	epistemolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiem	epistemolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologi	epistemolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologi	epistemolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologom	epistemolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologowie	epistemolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologowie	epistemolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologowi	epistemolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologów	epistemolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologów	epistemolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologu	epistemolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologu	epistemolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiach	epistemologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologia	epistemologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiami	epistemologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologią	epistemologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologie	epistemologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologie	epistemologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologie	epistemologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologię	epistemologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologii	epistemologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epistemologii	epistemologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologii	epistemologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologii	epistemologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologij	epistemologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epistemologio	epistemologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiom	epistemologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologicznie	epistemologicznie	adv:pos		
epistemologicznościach	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologicznościami	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologicznością	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczności	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologicznościom	epistemologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczność	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczność	epistemologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistemologiczna	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epistemologiczną	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epistemologiczną	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epistemologiczne	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistemologiczne	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistemologiczne	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epistemologiczne	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epistemologicznego	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epistemologicznego	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistemologicznej	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epistemologicznej	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epistemologicznej	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epistemologicznemu	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistemologiczni	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epistemologiczno	epistemologiczny	adja		
epistemologicznych	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epistemologicznych	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistemologicznych	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistemologiczny	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epistemologiczny	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epistemologicznym	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistemologicznym	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistemologicznym	epistemologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistemologicznymi	epistemologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarnościach	epistolarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarnościami	epistolarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarnością	epistolarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarności	epistolarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarnościom	epistolarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarność	epistolarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarność	epistolarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolarna	epistolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epistolarną	epistolarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epistolarną	epistolarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epistolarne	epistolarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarne	epistolarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarne	epistolarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epistolarne	epistolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epistolarnego	epistolarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epistolarnego	epistolarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolarnej	epistolarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epistolarnej	epistolarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epistolarnej	epistolarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epistolarnemu	epistolarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolarni	epistolarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epistolarno	epistolarny	adja		
epistolarnych	epistolarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epistolarnych	epistolarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarnych	epistolarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarny	epistolarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epistolarny	epistolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epistolarnym	epistolarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolarnym	epistolarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolarnym	epistolarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolarnymi	epistolarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolistach	epistolista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolista	epistolista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistami	epistolista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistą	epistolista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistę	epistolista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolisto	epistolista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistom	epistolista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistów	epistolista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolistów	epistolista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolisty	epistolista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistolisty	epistolista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistolisty	epistolista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistoliście	epistolista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistoliście	epistolista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistoliści	epistolista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistoliści	epistolista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografach	epistolograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografa	epistolograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografa	epistolograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografami	epistolograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografem	epistolograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograf	epistolograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografie	epistolograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografie	epistolograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografom	epistolograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografowie	epistolograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografowie	epistolograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografowi	epistolograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografów	epistolograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografów	epistolograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografy	epistolograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografy	epistolograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografiach	epistolografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografia	epistolografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografiami	epistolografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografią	epistolografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografie	epistolografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografie	epistolografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografie	epistolografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografię	epistolografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografii	epistolografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epistolografii	epistolografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografii	epistolografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografii	epistolografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografij	epistolografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epistolografio	epistolografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolografiom	epistolografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficznościach	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficznościami	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficznością	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzności	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficznościom	epistolograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzność	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzność	epistolograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistolograficzna	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epistolograficzną	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epistolograficzną	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epistolograficzne	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistolograficzne	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epistolograficzne	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficzne	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficznego	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epistolograficznego	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficznej	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epistolograficznej	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epistolograficznej	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epistolograficznemu	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficzni	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epistolograficzno	epistolograficzny	adja		
epistolograficznych	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epistolograficznych	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolograficznych	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolograficzny	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epistolograficzny	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epistolograficznym	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistolograficznym	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficznym	epistolograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epistolograficznymi	epistolograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epistole	epistoła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistole	epistoła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistołach	epistoła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoła	epistoła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistołami	epistoła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistołą	epistoła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoł	epistoła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistołę	epistoła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoło	epistoła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistołom	epistoła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoły	epistoła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoły	epistoła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoły	epistoła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistoły	epistoła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
epistrefach	epistrefa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefa	epistrefa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefami	epistrefa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefą	epistrefa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistref	epistrefa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefę	epistrefa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefie	epistrefa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefie	epistrefa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefo	epistrefa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefom	epistrefa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefy	epistrefa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefy	epistrefa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefy	epistrefa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistrefy	epistrefa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epistylach	epistyl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylami	epistyl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyle	epistyl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyle	epistyl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyle	epistyl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylem	epistyl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyl	epistyl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyl	epistyl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistyli	epistyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylom	epistyl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylowi	epistyl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylów	epistyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylu	epistyl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylu	epistyl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epistylu	epistyl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmach	episylogizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmami	episylogizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmem	episylogizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizm	episylogizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizm	episylogizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmie	episylogizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmie	episylogizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmom	episylogizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmowi	episylogizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmów	episylogizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmu	episylogizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmy	episylogizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmy	episylogizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
episylogizmy	episylogizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitafach	epitaf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafami	epitaf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafem	epitaf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitaf	epitaf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitaf	epitaf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafie	epitaf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafie	epitaf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafom	epitaf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafowi	epitaf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafów	epitaf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafu	epitaf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafy	epitaf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafy	epitaf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafy	epitaf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epitafijnościach	epitafijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijnościami	epitafijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijnością	epitafijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijności	epitafijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijnościom	epitafijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijność	epitafijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijność	epitafijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitafijna	epitafijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epitafijną	epitafijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epitafijną	epitafijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epitafijne	epitafijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitafijne	epitafijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitafijne	epitafijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epitafijne	epitafijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epitafijnego	epitafijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epitafijnego	epitafijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitafijnej	epitafijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epitafijnej	epitafijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epitafijnej	epitafijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epitafijnemu	epitafijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitafijni	epitafijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epitafijno	epitafijny	adja		
epitafijnych	epitafijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epitafijnych	epitafijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitafijnych	epitafijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitafijny	epitafijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epitafijny	epitafijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epitafijnym	epitafijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitafijnym	epitafijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitafijnym	epitafijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitafijnymi	epitafijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitafiach	epitafium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafia	epitafium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafia	epitafium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafia	epitafium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafiami	epitafium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafiom	epitafium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafiów	epitafium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitafium	epitafium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
epitaksjach	epitaksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksja	epitaksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjami	epitaksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksją	epitaksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksje	epitaksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksje	epitaksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksje	epitaksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksję	epitaksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksji	epitaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epitaksji	epitaksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksji	epitaksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksji	epitaksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjo	epitaksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjom	epitaksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksyj	epitaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epitaksjalnościach	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalnościami	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalnością	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalności	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalnościom	epitaksjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalność	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalność	epitaksjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaksjalna	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epitaksjalną	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epitaksjalną	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epitaksjalne	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitaksjalne	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitaksjalne	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalne	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalnego	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epitaksjalnego	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalnej	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epitaksjalnej	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epitaksjalnej	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epitaksjalnemu	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalni	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epitaksjalno	epitaksjalny	adja		
epitaksjalnych	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epitaksjalnych	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitaksjalnych	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitaksjalny	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epitaksjalny	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epitaksjalnym	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitaksjalnym	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalnym	epitaksjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitaksjalnymi	epitaksjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitalamiach	epitalamium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamia	epitalamium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamia	epitalamium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamia	epitalamium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamiami	epitalamium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamiom	epitalamium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamiów	epitalamium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitalamium	epitalamium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
epitazach	epitaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaza	epitaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazami	epitaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazą	epitaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitaz	epitaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazę	epitaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazie	epitaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazie	epitaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazo	epitaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazom	epitaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazy	epitaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazy	epitaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazy	epitaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitazy	epitaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitecie	epitet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitecie	epitet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetach	epitet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetami	epitet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetem	epitet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitet	epitet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitet	epitet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetom	epitet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowi	epitet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetów	epitet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetu	epitet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitety	epitet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitety	epitet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitety	epitet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitetować	epitetować	inf:imperf		
epitetowaliby	epitetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epitetowalibyście	epitetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epitetowalibyśmy	epitetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epitetowali	epitetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
epitetowali	epitetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epitetowaliście	epitetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epitetowaliśmy	epitetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epitetowałaby	epitetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epitetowałabym	epitetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epitetowałabyś	epitetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epitetowała	epitetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
epitetowała	epitetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epitetowałam	epitetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epitetowałaś	epitetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epitetowałby	epitetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epitetowałbym	epitetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epitetowałbyś	epitetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epitetowałem	epitetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epitetował	epitetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
epitetował	epitetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epitetowałeś	epitetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epitetowałoby	epitetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epitetowałobym	epitetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epitetowałobyś	epitetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epitetowało	epitetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
epitetowało	epitetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epitetowałom	epitetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epitetowałoś	epitetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epitetowałyby	epitetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epitetowałybyście	epitetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epitetowałybyśmy	epitetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epitetowały	epitetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
epitetowały	epitetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epitetowałyście	epitetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epitetowałyśmy	epitetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epitetowana	epitetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epitetowaną	epitetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epitetowane	epitetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetowane	epitetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowanego	epitetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epitetowanego	epitetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowanej	epitetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epitetowanemu	epitetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowaniach	epitetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowania	epitetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowania	epitetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowaniami	epitetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowanie	epitetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowaniem	epitetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowani	epitetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epitetowaniom	epitetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowaniu	epitetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowano	epitetować	imps:imperf		
epitetowanych	epitetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epitetowanych	epitetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetowany	epitetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epitetowany	epitetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epitetowanym	epitetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetowanym	epitetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetowanymi	epitetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetowań	epitetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epitetująca	epitetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epitetującą	epitetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epitetujące	epitetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetujące	epitetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetującego	epitetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epitetującego	epitetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetującej	epitetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epitetującemu	epitetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetując	epitetować	pcon:imperf		
epitetująco	epitetować	pacta		
epitetujących	epitetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epitetujących	epitetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetujący	epitetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epitetujący	epitetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epitetujący	epitetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epitetującym	epitetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetującym	epitetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epitetującymi	epitetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epitetują	epitetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
epitetujcie	epitetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
epitetujecie	epitetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
epitetuje	epitetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
epitetujemy	epitetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
epitetuj	epitetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
epitetujesz	epitetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
epitetuję	epitetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
epitetujmy	epitetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
epitetowościach	epitetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowościami	epitetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowością	epitetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowości	epitetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowościom	epitetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowość	epitetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowość	epitetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epitetowa	epitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epitetową	epitetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epitetową	epitetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epitetowe	epitetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitetowe	epitetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epitetowe	epitetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epitetowe	epitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epitetowego	epitetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epitetowego	epitetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitetowej	epitetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epitetowej	epitetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epitetowej	epitetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epitetowemu	epitetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitetowi	epitetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epitetowo	epitetowy	adja		
epitetowych	epitetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epitetowych	epitetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitetowych	epitetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitetowy	epitetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epitetowy	epitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epitetowym	epitetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitetowym	epitetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitetowym	epitetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epitetowymi	epitetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epitrycie	epitryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrycie	epitryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytach	epitryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryta	epitryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytami	epitryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytem	epitryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryt	epitryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryt	epitryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytom	epitryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytowi	epitryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytów	epitryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitrytu	epitryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryty	epitryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryty	epitryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epitryty	epitryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizacjach	epizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacja	epizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacjami	epizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacją	epizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacje	epizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacje	epizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacje	epizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizację	epizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacji	epizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epizacji	epizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacji	epizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacji	epizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacjo	epizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacjom	epizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizacyj	epizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epizjotomiach	epizjotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomia	epizjotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomiami	epizjotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomią	epizjotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomie	epizjotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomie	epizjotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomie	epizjotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomię	epizjotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomii	epizjotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epizjotomii	epizjotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomii	epizjotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomii	epizjotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomij	epizjotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epizjotomio	epizjotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizjotomiom	epizjotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizmach	epizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmami	epizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmem	epizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizm	epizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizm	epizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmie	epizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmie	epizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmom	epizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmowi	epizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmów	epizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmu	epizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmy	epizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmy	epizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizmy	epizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodach	epizod	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodami	epizod	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodem	epizod	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizod	epizod	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizod	epizod	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodom	epizod	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodowi	epizod	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodów	epizod	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodu	epizod	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizody	epizod	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizody	epizod	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizody	epizod	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzie	epizod	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzie	epizod	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodycznie	epizodycznie	adv:pos		
epizodycznościach	epizodyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodycznościami	epizodyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodycznością	epizodyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczności	epizodyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodycznościom	epizodyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczność	epizodyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczność	epizodyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyczna	epizodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epizodyczną	epizodyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epizodyczną	epizodyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epizodyczne	epizodyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizodyczne	epizodyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizodyczne	epizodyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epizodyczne	epizodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epizodycznego	epizodyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epizodycznego	epizodyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizodycznej	epizodyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epizodycznej	epizodyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epizodycznej	epizodyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epizodycznemu	epizodyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizodyczni	epizodyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epizodyczno	epizodyczny	adja		
epizodycznych	epizodyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epizodycznych	epizodyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizodycznych	epizodyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizodyczny	epizodyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epizodyczny	epizodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epizodycznym	epizodyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizodycznym	epizodyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizodycznym	epizodyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizodycznymi	epizodyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizodystach	epizodysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodysta	epizodysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystami	epizodysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystą	epizodysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystę	epizodysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodysto	epizodysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystom	epizodysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystów	epizodysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystów	epizodysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodysty	epizodysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizodysty	epizodysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizodysty	epizodysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyście	epizodysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyście	epizodysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyści	epizodysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodyści	epizodysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystce	epizodystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystce	epizodystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystek	epizodystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystkach	epizodystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystka	epizodystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystkami	epizodystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystką	epizodystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystkę	epizodystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystki	epizodystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystki	epizodystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystki	epizodystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystki	epizodystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystko	epizodystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodystkom	epizodystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzikach	epizodzik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzikami	epizodzik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzik	epizodzik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzik	epizodzik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzikiem	epizodzik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziki	epizodzik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziki	epizodzik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziki	epizodzik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzikom	epizodzik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzikowi	epizodzik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzików	epizodzik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziku	epizodzik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziku	epizodzik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziku	epizodzik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistach	epizodzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzista	epizodzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistami	epizodzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistą	epizodzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistę	epizodzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzisto	epizodzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistom	epizodzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistów	epizodzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzistów	epizodzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzisty	epizodzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzisty	epizodzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizodzisty	epizodzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziście	epizodzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziście	epizodzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziści	epizodzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizodziści	epizodzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizoicznościach	epizoiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoicznościami	epizoiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoicznością	epizoiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczności	epizoiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoicznościom	epizoiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczność	epizoiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczność	epizoiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoiczna	epizoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epizoiczną	epizoiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epizoiczną	epizoiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epizoiczne	epizoiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizoiczne	epizoiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizoiczne	epizoiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epizoiczne	epizoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epizoicznego	epizoiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epizoicznego	epizoiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizoicznej	epizoiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epizoicznej	epizoiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epizoicznej	epizoiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epizoicznemu	epizoiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizoiczni	epizoiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epizoiczno	epizoiczny	adja		
epizoicznych	epizoiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epizoicznych	epizoiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizoicznych	epizoiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizoiczny	epizoiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epizoiczny	epizoiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epizoicznym	epizoiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizoicznym	epizoiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizoicznym	epizoiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizoicznymi	epizoiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizoocjach	epizoocja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocja	epizoocja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocjami	epizoocja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocją	epizoocja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocje	epizoocja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocje	epizoocja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocje	epizoocja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocję	epizoocja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocji	epizoocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epizoocji	epizoocja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocji	epizoocja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocji	epizoocja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocjo	epizoocja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocjom	epizoocja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizoocyj	epizoocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epizootiach	epizootia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootia	epizootia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiami	epizootia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootią	epizootia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootie	epizootia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootie	epizootia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootie	epizootia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootię	epizootia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootii	epizootia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epizootii	epizootia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootii	epizootia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootii	epizootia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootio	epizootia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiom	epizootia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyj	epizootia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epizootiolodzy	epizootiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiolodzy	epizootiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologach	epizootiolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologa	epizootiolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologa	epizootiolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologami	epizootiolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiolog	epizootiolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologiem	epizootiolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologi	epizootiolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologi	epizootiolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologom	epizootiolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologowie	epizootiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologowie	epizootiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologowi	epizootiolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologów	epizootiolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologów	epizootiolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologu	epizootiolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologu	epizootiolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologiach	epizootiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologia	epizootiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologiami	epizootiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologią	epizootiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologie	epizootiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologie	epizootiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologie	epizootiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologię	epizootiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologii	epizootiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
epizootiologii	epizootiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologii	epizootiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologii	epizootiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologij	epizootiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
epizootiologio	epizootiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootiologiom	epizootiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootycznościach	epizootyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootycznościami	epizootyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootycznością	epizootyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczności	epizootyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootycznościom	epizootyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczność	epizootyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczność	epizootyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epizootyczna	epizootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epizootyczną	epizootyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epizootyczną	epizootyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epizootyczne	epizootyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizootyczne	epizootyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epizootyczne	epizootyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epizootyczne	epizootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epizootycznego	epizootyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epizootycznego	epizootyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizootycznej	epizootyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epizootycznej	epizootyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epizootycznej	epizootyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epizootycznemu	epizootyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizootyczni	epizootyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epizootyczno	epizootyczny	adja		
epizootycznych	epizootyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epizootycznych	epizootyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizootycznych	epizootyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizootyczny	epizootyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epizootyczny	epizootyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epizootycznym	epizootyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizootycznym	epizootyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizootycznym	epizootyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epizootycznymi	epizootyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epizować	epizować	inf:imperf		
epizowaliby	epizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epizowalibyście	epizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epizowalibyśmy	epizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epizowali	epizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
epizowali	epizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epizowaliście	epizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epizowaliśmy	epizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epizowałaby	epizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epizowałabym	epizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epizowałabyś	epizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epizowała	epizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
epizowała	epizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epizowałam	epizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epizowałaś	epizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epizowałby	epizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epizowałbym	epizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epizowałbyś	epizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epizowałem	epizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epizował	epizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
epizował	epizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epizowałeś	epizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epizowałoby	epizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epizowałobym	epizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epizowałobyś	epizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epizowało	epizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
epizowało	epizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epizowałom	epizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epizowałoś	epizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epizowałyby	epizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epizowałybyście	epizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epizowałybyśmy	epizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epizowały	epizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
epizowały	epizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epizowałyście	epizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epizowałyśmy	epizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epizowana	epizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epizowaną	epizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epizowane	epizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizowane	epizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizowanego	epizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epizowanego	epizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizowanej	epizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epizowanemu	epizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizowaniach	epizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowania	epizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowania	epizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowaniami	epizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowanie	epizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowaniem	epizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowani	epizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epizowaniom	epizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowaniu	epizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epizowano	epizować	imps:imperf		
epizowanych	epizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epizowanych	epizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizowany	epizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epizowany	epizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epizowanym	epizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizowanym	epizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizowanymi	epizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizowań	epizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epizująca	epizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epizującą	epizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epizujące	epizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizujące	epizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizującego	epizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epizującego	epizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizującej	epizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epizującemu	epizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizując	epizować	pcon:imperf		
epizująco	epizować	pacta		
epizujących	epizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epizujących	epizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizujący	epizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epizujący	epizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epizujący	epizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epizującym	epizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizującym	epizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epizującymi	epizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epizują	epizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
epizujcie	epizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
epizujecie	epizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
epizuje	epizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
epizujemy	epizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
epizuj	epizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
epizujesz	epizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
epizuję	epizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
epizujmy	epizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
epce	epka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epce	epka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epek	epka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epkach	epka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epka	epka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epkami	epka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epką	epka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epkę	epka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epki	epka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epki	epka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epki	epka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epki	epka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epko	epka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epkom	epka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epochach	epocha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epocha	epocha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochami	epocha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochą	epocha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epoch	epocha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochę	epocha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epocho	epocha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochom	epocha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochy	epocha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochy	epocha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochy	epocha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epochy	epocha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eposze	epocha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eposze	epocha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
epodach	epoda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoda	epoda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodami	epoda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodą	epoda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epod	epoda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodę	epoda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodo	epoda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodom	epoda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epody	epoda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epody	epoda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epody	epoda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epody	epoda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodzie	epoda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epodzie	epoda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisach	e-podpis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisami	e-podpis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisem	e-podpis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpis	e-podpis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpis	e-podpis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisie	e-podpis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisie	e-podpis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisom	e-podpis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisowi	e-podpis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisów	e-podpis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisu	e-podpis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisy	e-podpis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisy	e-podpis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
e-podpisy	e-podpis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoce	epoka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoce	epoka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokach	epoka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoka	epoka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokami	epoka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoką	epoka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epok	epoka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokę	epoka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoki	epoka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoki	epoka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoki	epoka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoki	epoka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoko	epoka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokom	epoka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowościach	epokowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowościami	epokowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowością	epokowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowości	epokowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowościom	epokowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowość	epokowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowość	epokowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epokowa	epokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epokową	epokowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epokową	epokowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epokowe	epokowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epokowe	epokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epokowe	epokowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epokowe	epokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epokowego	epokowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epokowego	epokowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epokowej	epokowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epokowej	epokowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epokowej	epokowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epokowemu	epokowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epokowi	epokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epokowo	epokowy	adja		
epokowych	epokowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epokowych	epokowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epokowych	epokowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epokowy	epokowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epokowy	epokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epokowym	epokowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epokowym	epokowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epokowym	epokowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epokowymi	epokowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydach	epoksyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydami	epoksyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydem	epoksyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksyd	epoksyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksyd	epoksyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydom	epoksyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowi	epoksyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydów	epoksyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydu	epoksyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydy	epoksyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydy	epoksyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydy	epoksyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydzie	epoksyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydzie	epoksyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydować	epoksydować	inf:imperf		
epoksydowaliby	epoksydować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epoksydowalibyście	epoksydować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epoksydowalibyśmy	epoksydować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epoksydowali	epoksydować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
epoksydowali	epoksydować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
epoksydowaliście	epoksydować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
epoksydowaliśmy	epoksydować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałaby	epoksydować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałabym	epoksydować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałabyś	epoksydować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epoksydowała	epoksydować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
epoksydowała	epoksydować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałam	epoksydować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałaś	epoksydować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałby	epoksydować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałbym	epoksydować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałbyś	epoksydować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałem	epoksydować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
epoksydował	epoksydować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
epoksydował	epoksydować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałeś	epoksydować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałoby	epoksydować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałobym	epoksydować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałobyś	epoksydować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epoksydowało	epoksydować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
epoksydowało	epoksydować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałom	epoksydować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
epoksydowałoś	epoksydować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałyby	epoksydować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałybyście	epoksydować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałybyśmy	epoksydować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epoksydowały	epoksydować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
epoksydowały	epoksydować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
epoksydowałyście	epoksydować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
epoksydowałyśmy	epoksydować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
epoksydowana	epoksydować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaną	epoksydować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydowane	epoksydować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowane	epoksydować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanego	epoksydować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanego	epoksydować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanej	epoksydować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanemu	epoksydować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaniach	epoksydować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowania	epoksydować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowania	epoksydować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaniami	epoksydować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanie	epoksydować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaniem	epoksydować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowani	epoksydować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaniom	epoksydować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowaniu	epoksydować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowano	epoksydować	imps:imperf		
epoksydowanych	epoksydować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanych	epoksydować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowany	epoksydować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowany	epoksydować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanym	epoksydować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanym	epoksydować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydowanymi	epoksydować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydowań	epoksydować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydująca	epoksydować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydującą	epoksydować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydujące	epoksydować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydujące	epoksydować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydującego	epoksydować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
epoksydującego	epoksydować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydującej	epoksydować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
epoksydującemu	epoksydować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydując	epoksydować	pcon:imperf		
epoksydująco	epoksydować	pacta		
epoksydujących	epoksydować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epoksydujących	epoksydować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydujący	epoksydować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
epoksydujący	epoksydować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
epoksydujący	epoksydować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
epoksydującym	epoksydować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydującym	epoksydować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
epoksydującymi	epoksydować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
epoksydują	epoksydować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
epoksydujcie	epoksydować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
epoksydujecie	epoksydować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
epoksyduje	epoksydować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
epoksydujemy	epoksydować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
epoksyduj	epoksydować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
epoksydujesz	epoksydować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
epoksyduję	epoksydować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
epoksydujmy	epoksydować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
epoksydowościach	epoksydowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowościami	epoksydowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowością	epoksydowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowości	epoksydowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowościom	epoksydowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowość	epoksydowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowość	epoksydowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epoksydowa	epoksydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
epoksydową	epoksydowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
epoksydową	epoksydowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
epoksydowe	epoksydowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydowe	epoksydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydowe	epoksydowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowe	epoksydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowego	epoksydowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
epoksydowego	epoksydowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowej	epoksydowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
epoksydowej	epoksydowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
epoksydowej	epoksydowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
epoksydowemu	epoksydowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowi	epoksydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
epoksydowo	epoksydowy	adja		
epoksydowych	epoksydowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
epoksydowych	epoksydowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydowych	epoksydowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydowy	epoksydowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
epoksydowy	epoksydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
epoksydowym	epoksydowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epoksydowym	epoksydowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowym	epoksydowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
epoksydowymi	epoksydowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epolecie	epolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolecie	epolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletach	epolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletami	epolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletem	epolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolet	epolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolet	epolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletom	epolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletowi	epolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletów	epolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epoletu	epolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolety	epolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolety	epolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epolety	epolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eponimicznościach	eponimiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimicznościami	eponimiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimicznością	eponimiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczności	eponimiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimicznościom	eponimiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczność	eponimiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczność	eponimiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eponimiczna	eponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eponimiczną	eponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eponimiczną	eponimiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eponimiczne	eponimiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eponimiczne	eponimiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eponimiczne	eponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eponimiczne	eponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eponimicznego	eponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eponimicznego	eponimiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eponimicznej	eponimiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eponimicznej	eponimiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eponimicznej	eponimiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eponimicznemu	eponimiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eponimiczni	eponimiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eponimiczno	eponimiczny	adja		
eponimicznych	eponimiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eponimicznych	eponimiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eponimicznych	eponimiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eponimiczny	eponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eponimiczny	eponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eponimicznym	eponimiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eponimicznym	eponimiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eponimicznym	eponimiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eponimicznymi	eponimiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eponimach	eponim:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponima	eponim:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponima	eponim:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimami	eponim:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimem	eponim:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponim	eponim:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimie	eponim:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimie	eponim:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimi	eponim:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimi	eponim:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimom	eponim:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimowie	eponim:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimowie	eponim:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimowi	eponim:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimów	eponim:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimów	eponim:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimy	eponim:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimy	eponim:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
eponimach	eponim:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponima	eponim:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimami	eponim:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimem	eponim:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponim	eponim:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponim	eponim:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimie	eponim:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimie	eponim:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimom	eponim:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimowi	eponim:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimów	eponim:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimu	eponim:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimy	eponim:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimy	eponim:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eponimy	eponim:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
epopei	epopeja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopei	epopeja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopei	epopeja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopei	epopeja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopejach	epopeja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeja	epopeja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopejami	epopeja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeją	epopeja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeje	epopeja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeje	epopeja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeje	epopeja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopeję	epopeja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopejo	epopeja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
epopejom	epopeja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposach	epos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposami	epos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposem	epos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epos	epos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epos	epos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposie	epos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposie	epos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposom	epos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposowi	epos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposów	epos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposu	epos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposy	epos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposy	epos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposy	epos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eposowo	eposowo	adv:pos		
eposowościach	eposowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowościami	eposowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowością	eposowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowości	eposowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowościom	eposowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowość	eposowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowość	eposowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eposowa	eposowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eposową	eposowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eposową	eposowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eposowe	eposowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eposowe	eposowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eposowe	eposowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eposowe	eposowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eposowego	eposowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eposowego	eposowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eposowej	eposowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eposowej	eposowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eposowej	eposowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eposowemu	eposowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eposowi	eposowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eposowo	eposowy	adja		
eposowych	eposowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eposowych	eposowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eposowych	eposowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eposowy	eposowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eposowy	eposowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eposowym	eposowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eposowym	eposowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eposowym	eposowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eposowymi	eposowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
epruwetce	epruwetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetce	epruwetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetek	epruwetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetkach	epruwetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetka	epruwetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetkami	epruwetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetką	epruwetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetkę	epruwetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetki	epruwetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetki	epruwetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetki	epruwetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetki	epruwetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetko	epruwetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epruwetkom	epruwetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epsilonach	epsilon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonami	epsilon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonem	epsilon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilon	epsilon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilon	epsilon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonie	epsilon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonie	epsilon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonom	epsilon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonowi	epsilon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonów	epsilon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilonu	epsilon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilony	epsilon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilony	epsilon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsilony	epsilon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomicie	epsomit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomicie	epsomit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitach	epsomit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitami	epsomit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitem	epsomit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomit	epsomit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomit	epsomit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitom	epsomit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitowi	epsomit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitów	epsomit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomitu	epsomit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomity	epsomit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomity	epsomit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epsomity	epsomit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
epuracjach	epuracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracja	epuracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracjami	epuracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracją	epuracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracje	epuracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracje	epuracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracje	epuracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epurację	epuracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracji	epuracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
epuracji	epuracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracji	epuracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracji	epuracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracjo	epuracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracjom	epuracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyj	epuracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
epuracyjnościach	epuracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjnościami	epuracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjnością	epuracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjności	epuracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjnościom	epuracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjność	epuracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjność	epuracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuracyjna	epuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjną	epuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjną	epuracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjne	epuracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuracyjne	epuracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuracyjne	epuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjne	epuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjnego	epuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
epuracyjnego	epuracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjnej	epuracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjnej	epuracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjnej	epuracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
epuracyjnemu	epuracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjni	epuracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
epuracyjno	epuracyjny	adja		przest.
epuracyjnych	epuracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
epuracyjnych	epuracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuracyjnych	epuracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuracyjny	epuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
epuracyjny	epuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
epuracyjnym	epuracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuracyjnym	epuracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjnym	epuracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
epuracyjnymi	epuracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
epuzerach	epuzer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzera	epuzer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzera	epuzer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerami	epuzer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerem	epuzer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzer	epuzer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerom	epuzer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerowie	epuzer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerowie	epuzer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerowi	epuzer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerów	epuzer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerów	epuzer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzery	epuzer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzery	epuzer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerze	epuzer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerze	epuzer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerzy	epuzer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerzy	epuzer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerce	epuzerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerce	epuzerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerek	epuzerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerkach	epuzerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerka	epuzerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerkami	epuzerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerką	epuzerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerkę	epuzerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerki	epuzerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerki	epuzerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerki	epuzerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerki	epuzerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerko	epuzerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
epuzerkom	epuzerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
equalizerach	equalizer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizera	equalizer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerami	equalizer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerem	equalizer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizer	equalizer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizer	equalizer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerom	equalizer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerowi	equalizer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerów	equalizer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizery	equalizer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizery	equalizer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizery	equalizer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerze	equalizer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
equalizerze	equalizer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
er	er	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erach	era	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
era	era	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erami	era	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erą	era	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
er	era	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erę	era	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ero	era	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erom	era	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ery	era	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ery	era	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ery	era	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ery	era	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erze	era	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erze	era	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratycznościach	eratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratycznościami	eratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratycznością	eratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczności	eratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratycznościom	eratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczność	eratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczność	eratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eratyczna	eratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eratyczną	eratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eratyczną	eratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eratyczne	eratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eratyczne	eratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eratyczne	eratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eratyczne	eratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eratycznego	eratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eratycznego	eratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eratycznej	eratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eratycznej	eratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eratycznej	eratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eratycznemu	eratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eratyczni	eratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eratyczno	eratyczny	adja		
eratycznych	eratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eratycznych	eratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eratycznych	eratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eratyczny	eratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eratyczny	eratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eratycznym	eratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eratycznym	eratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eratycznym	eratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eratycznymi	eratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eratykach	eratyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyka	eratyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratykami	eratyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyk	eratyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyk	eratyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratykiem	eratyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyki	eratyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyki	eratyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyki	eratyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratykom	eratyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratykowi	eratyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyków	eratyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyku	eratyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyku	eratyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eratyku	eratyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańscy	erazmiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erazmiańska	erazmiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erazmiańską	erazmiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erazmiańską	erazmiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erazmiańskich	erazmiański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erazmiańskich	erazmiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańskich	erazmiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańskie	erazmiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańskie	erazmiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańskie	erazmiański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erazmiańskie	erazmiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erazmiańskiego	erazmiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erazmiańskiego	erazmiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erazmiańskiej	erazmiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erazmiańskiej	erazmiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erazmiańskiej	erazmiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erazmiańskiemu	erazmiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erazmiański	erazmiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erazmiański	erazmiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erazmiańskim	erazmiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańskim	erazmiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erazmiańskim	erazmiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erazmiańskimi	erazmiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erazmiańsko	erazmiański	adja		
erazmiańsku	erazmiański	adjp		
erazmiańsko	erazmiańsko	adv:pos		
erazmiańskościach	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskościami	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskością	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskości	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskościom	erazmiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskość	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erazmiańskość	erazmiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erbach	erb	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbami	erb	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbem	erb	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erb	erb	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erb	erb	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbie	erb	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbie	erb	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbom	erb	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbowi	erb	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbów	erb	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erbu	erb	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erby	erb	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erby	erb	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erby	erb	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowscy	erefenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erefenowska	erefenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erefenowską	erefenowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erefenowską	erefenowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erefenowskich	erefenowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erefenowskich	erefenowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowskich	erefenowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowskie	erefenowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowskie	erefenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowskie	erefenowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erefenowskie	erefenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erefenowskiego	erefenowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erefenowskiego	erefenowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erefenowskiej	erefenowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erefenowskiej	erefenowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erefenowskiej	erefenowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erefenowskiemu	erefenowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erefenowski	erefenowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erefenowski	erefenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erefenowskim	erefenowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowskim	erefenowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erefenowskim	erefenowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erefenowskimi	erefenowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erefenowsko	erefenowski	adja		
erefenowsku	erefenowski	adjp		
erefenowsko	erefenowsko	adv:pos		
erefenowskościach	erefenowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskościami	erefenowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskością	erefenowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskości	erefenowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskościom	erefenowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskość	erefenowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erefenowskość	erefenowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcjach	erekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcja	erekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcjami	erekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcją	erekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcje	erekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcje	erekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcje	erekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcję	erekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcji	erekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
erekcji	erekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcji	erekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcji	erekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcjo	erekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcjom	erekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
erekcyj	erekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
erekcyjnościach	erekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjnościami	erekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjnością	erekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjności	erekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjnościom	erekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjność	erekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjność	erekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erekcyjna	erekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erekcyjną	erekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erekcyjną	erekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erekcyjne	erekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erekcyjne	erekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erekcyjne	erekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjne	erekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjnego	erekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erekcyjnego	erekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjnej	erekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erekcyjnej	erekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erekcyjnej	erekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erekcyjnemu	erekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjni	erekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erekcyjno	erekcyjny	adja		
erekcyjnych	erekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erekcyjnych	erekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erekcyjnych	erekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erekcyjny	erekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erekcyjny	erekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erekcyjnym	erekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erekcyjnym	erekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjnym	erekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erekcyjnymi	erekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eremach	erem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremami	erem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremem	erem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erem	erem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erem	erem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremie	erem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremie	erem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremom	erem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremowi	erem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremów	erem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremu	erem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremy	erem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremy	erem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremy	erem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremiccy	eremicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eremicka	eremicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eremicką	eremicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eremicką	eremicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eremickich	eremicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eremickich	eremicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eremickich	eremicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eremickie	eremicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eremickie	eremicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eremickie	eremicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eremickie	eremicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eremickiego	eremicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eremickiego	eremicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eremickiej	eremicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eremickiej	eremicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eremickiej	eremicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eremickiemu	eremicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eremicki	eremicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eremicki	eremicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eremickim	eremicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eremickim	eremicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eremickim	eremicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eremickimi	eremicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eremicko	eremicki	adja		
eremicku	eremicki	adjp		
eremicko	eremicko	adv:pos		
eremickościach	eremickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickościami	eremickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickością	eremickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickości	eremickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickościom	eremickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickość	eremickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremickość	eremickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eremicie	eremita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremicie	eremita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremici	eremita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremici	eremita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitach	eremita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremita	eremita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitami	eremita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitą	eremita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitę	eremita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremito	eremita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitom	eremita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitów	eremita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitów	eremita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremity	eremita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eremity	eremita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eremity	eremita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoriach	eremitorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoria	eremitorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoria	eremitorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoria	eremitorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoriami	eremitorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoriom	eremitorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitoriów	eremitorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremitorium	eremitorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmach	eremityzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmami	eremityzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmem	eremityzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzm	eremityzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzm	eremityzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmie	eremityzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmie	eremityzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmom	eremityzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmowi	eremityzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmów	eremityzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmu	eremityzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmy	eremityzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmy	eremityzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eremityzmy	eremityzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynach	erepsyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyna	erepsyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynami	erepsyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyną	erepsyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyn	erepsyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynę	erepsyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynie	erepsyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynie	erepsyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyno	erepsyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsynom	erepsyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyny	erepsyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyny	erepsyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyny	erepsyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erepsyny	erepsyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmach	eretyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmami	eretyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmem	eretyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzm	eretyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzm	eretyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmie	eretyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmie	eretyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmom	eretyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmowi	eretyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmów	eretyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmu	eretyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmy	eretyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmy	eretyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eretyzmy	eretyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erewańscy	erewański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
erewańska	erewański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
erewańską	erewański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
erewańską	erewański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
erewańskich	erewański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
erewańskich	erewański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańskich	erewański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańskie	erewański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańskie	erewański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańskie	erewański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewańskie	erewański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewańskiego	erewański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
erewańskiego	erewański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewańskiej	erewański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
erewańskiej	erewański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
erewańskiej	erewański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
erewańskiemu	erewański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewański	erewański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
erewański	erewański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
erewańskim	erewański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańskim	erewański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewańskim	erewański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
erewańskimi	erewański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
erewańsko	erewański	adja		rzad.
erewańsku	erewański	adjp		rzad.
erewańsko	erewańsko	adv:pos		
erewańskościach	erewańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskościami	erewańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskością	erewańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskości	erewańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskościom	erewańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskość	erewańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
erewańskość	erewańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ergach	erg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erga	erg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergami	erg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erg	erg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erg	erg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergiem	erg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergi	erg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergi	erg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergi	erg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergom	erg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergowi	erg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergów	erg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergu	erg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergu	erg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergu	erg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmach	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazma	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmami	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmą	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazm	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmę	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmie	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmie	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmo	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmom	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmy	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmy	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmy	ergastoplazma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastoplazmy	ergastoplazma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulach	ergastulum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastula	ergastulum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastula	ergastulum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastula	ergastulum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulami	ergastulum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulom	ergastulum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulów	ergastulum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergastulum	ergastulum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywnościach	ergatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywnościami	ergatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywnością	ergatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywności	ergatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywnościom	ergatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywność	ergatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywność	ergatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergatywna	ergatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ergatywną	ergatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ergatywną	ergatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ergatywne	ergatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergatywne	ergatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergatywne	ergatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ergatywne	ergatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ergatywnego	ergatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ergatywnego	ergatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergatywnej	ergatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ergatywnej	ergatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ergatywnej	ergatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ergatywnemu	ergatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergatywni	ergatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ergatywno	ergatywny	adja		
ergatywnych	ergatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ergatywnych	ergatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergatywnych	ergatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergatywny	ergatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ergatywny	ergatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ergatywnym	ergatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergatywnym	ergatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergatywnym	ergatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergatywnymi	ergatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergo	ergo	conj		
ergocentrycznościach	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentrycznościami	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentrycznością	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczności	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentrycznościom	ergocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczność	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczność	ergocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergocentryczna	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ergocentryczną	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ergocentryczną	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ergocentryczne	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergocentryczne	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergocentryczne	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ergocentryczne	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ergocentrycznego	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ergocentrycznego	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergocentrycznej	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ergocentrycznej	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ergocentrycznej	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ergocentrycznemu	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergocentryczni	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ergocentryczno	ergocentryczny	adja		
ergocentrycznych	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ergocentrycznych	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergocentrycznych	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergocentryczny	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ergocentryczny	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ergocentrycznym	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergocentrycznym	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergocentrycznym	ergocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergocentrycznymi	ergocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergografach	ergograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografami	ergograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografem	ergograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergograf	ergograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergograf	ergograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografie	ergograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografie	ergograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografom	ergograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografowi	ergograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografów	ergograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografu	ergograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografy	ergograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografy	ergograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergografy	ergograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficznościach	ergograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficznościami	ergograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficznością	ergograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzności	ergograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficznościom	ergograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzność	ergograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzność	ergograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergograficzna	ergograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ergograficzną	ergograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ergograficzną	ergograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ergograficzne	ergograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergograficzne	ergograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergograficzne	ergograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ergograficzne	ergograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ergograficznego	ergograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ergograficznego	ergograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergograficznej	ergograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ergograficznej	ergograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ergograficznej	ergograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ergograficznemu	ergograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergograficzni	ergograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ergograficzno	ergograficzny	adja		
ergograficznych	ergograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ergograficznych	ergograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergograficznych	ergograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergograficzny	ergograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ergograficzny	ergograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ergograficznym	ergograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergograficznym	ergograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergograficznym	ergograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergograficznymi	ergograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergogramach	ergogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramami	ergogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramem	ergogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogram	ergogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogram	ergogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramie	ergogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramie	ergogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramom	ergogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramowi	ergogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramów	ergogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramu	ergogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramy	ergogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramy	ergogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergogramy	ergogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolach	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolami	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferole	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferole	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferole	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolem	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferol	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferol	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferoli	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolom	ergokalcyferol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolowi	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolu	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolu	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergokalcyferolu	ergokalcyferol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergologiach	ergologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologia	ergologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologiami	ergologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologią	ergologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologie	ergologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologie	ergologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologie	ergologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologię	ergologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologii	ergologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ergologii	ergologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologii	ergologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologii	ergologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologij	ergologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ergologio	ergologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergologiom	ergologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrach	ergometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrami	ergometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrem	ergometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometr	ergometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometr	ergometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrom	ergometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrowi	ergometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrów	ergometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometru	ergometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometry	ergometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometry	ergometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometry	ergometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrze	ergometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrze	ergometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergometriach	ergometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometria	ergometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometriami	ergometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrią	ergometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrie	ergometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrie	ergometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrie	ergometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrię	ergometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrii	ergometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ergometrii	ergometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrii	ergometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrii	ergometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrio	ergometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometriom	ergometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryj	ergometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ergometrycznościach	ergometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrycznościami	ergometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrycznością	ergometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczności	ergometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometrycznościom	ergometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczność	ergometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczność	ergometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergometryczna	ergometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ergometryczną	ergometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ergometryczną	ergometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ergometryczne	ergometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergometryczne	ergometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergometryczne	ergometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ergometryczne	ergometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ergometrycznego	ergometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ergometrycznego	ergometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergometrycznej	ergometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ergometrycznej	ergometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ergometrycznej	ergometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ergometrycznemu	ergometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergometryczni	ergometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ergometryczno	ergometryczny	adja		
ergometrycznych	ergometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ergometrycznych	ergometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergometrycznych	ergometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergometryczny	ergometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ergometryczny	ergometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ergometrycznym	ergometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergometrycznym	ergometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergometrycznym	ergometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergometrycznymi	ergometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomach	ergonom	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonoma	ergonom	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonoma	ergonom	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomami	ergonom	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomem	ergonom	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonom	ergonom	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomie	ergonom	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomie	ergonom	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomom	ergonom	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomowie	ergonom	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomowie	ergonom	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomowi	ergonom	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomów	ergonom	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomów	ergonom	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomy	ergonom	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomy	ergonom	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometriach	ergonometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometria	ergonometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometriami	ergonometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrią	ergonometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrie	ergonometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrie	ergonometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrie	ergonometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrię	ergonometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrii	ergonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ergonometrii	ergonometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrii	ergonometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrii	ergonometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometrio	ergonometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometriom	ergonometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonometryj	ergonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ergonomiach	ergonomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomia	ergonomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiami	ergonomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomią	ergonomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomie	ergonomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomie	ergonomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomie	ergonomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomię	ergonomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomii	ergonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ergonomii	ergonomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomii	ergonomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomii	ergonomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomij	ergonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ergonomio	ergonomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiom	ergonomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomicznie	ergonomicznie	adv:pos		
ergonomicznościach	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomicznościami	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomicznością	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczności	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomicznościom	ergonomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczność	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczność	ergonomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiczna	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ergonomiczną	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ergonomiczną	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ergonomiczne	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomiczne	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomiczne	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ergonomiczne	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ergonomicznego	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ergonomicznego	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergonomicznej	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ergonomicznej	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ergonomicznej	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ergonomicznemu	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergonomiczni	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ergonomiczno	ergonomiczny	adja		
ergonomicznych	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ergonomicznych	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomicznych	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomiczny	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ergonomiczny	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ergonomicznym	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomicznym	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergonomicznym	ergonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ergonomicznymi	ergonomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ergonomice	ergonomika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomice	ergonomika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomikach	ergonomika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomika	ergonomika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomikami	ergonomika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiką	ergonomika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomik	ergonomika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomikę	ergonomika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiki	ergonomika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiki	ergonomika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiki	ergonomika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiki	ergonomika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiko	ergonomika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomikom	ergonomika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistach	ergonomista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomista	ergonomista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistami	ergonomista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistą	ergonomista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistę	ergonomista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomisto	ergonomista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistom	ergonomista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistów	ergonomista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomistów	ergonomista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomisty	ergonomista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomisty	ergonomista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomisty	ergonomista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiście	ergonomista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiście	ergonomista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiści	ergonomista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergonomiści	ergonomista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolach	ergosterol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolami	ergosterol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterole	ergosterol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterole	ergosterol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterole	ergosterol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolem	ergosterol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterol	ergosterol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterol	ergosterol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteroli	ergosterol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolom	ergosterol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolowi	ergosterol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolów	ergosterol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolu	ergosterol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolu	ergosterol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterolu	ergosterol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynach	ergosteryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryna	ergosteryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynami	ergosteryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryną	ergosteryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryn	ergosteryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynę	ergosteryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynie	ergosteryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynie	ergosteryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryno	ergosteryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosterynom	ergosteryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryny	ergosteryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryny	ergosteryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryny	ergosteryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergosteryny	ergosteryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminach	ergotamina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotamina	ergotamina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminami	ergotamina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminą	ergotamina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotamin	ergotamina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminę	ergotamina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminie	ergotamina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminie	ergotamina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotamino	ergotamina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminom	ergotamina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminy	ergotamina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminy	ergotamina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminy	ergotamina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotaminy	ergotamina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeucie	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeucie	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuci	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuci	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutach	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuta	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutami	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutą	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutę	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuto	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutom	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutów	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutów	ergoterapeuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuty	ergoterapeuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuty	ergoterapeuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeuty	ergoterapeuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutce	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutce	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutek	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutkach	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutka	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutkami	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutką	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutkę	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutki	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutki	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutki	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutki	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutko	ergoterapeutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapeutkom	ergoterapeutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapiach	ergoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapia	ergoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapiami	ergoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapią	ergoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapie	ergoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapie	ergoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapie	ergoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapię	ergoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapii	ergoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ergoterapii	ergoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapii	ergoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapii	ergoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapij	ergoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ergoterapio	ergoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergoterapiom	ergoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynach	ergotyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyna	ergotyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynami	ergotyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyną	ergotyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyn	ergotyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynę	ergotyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynie	ergotyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynie	ergotyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyno	ergotyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotynom	ergotyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyny	ergotyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyny	ergotyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyny	ergotyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyny	ergotyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ergotyzmach	ergotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmami	ergotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmem	ergotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzm	ergotyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzm	ergotyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmie	ergotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmie	ergotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmom	ergotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmowi	ergotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmów	ergotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmu	ergotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmy	ergotyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmy	ergotyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ergotyzmy	ergotyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eriometrach	eriometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrami	eriometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrem	eriometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometr	eriometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometr	eriometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrom	eriometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrowi	eriometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrów	eriometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometru	eriometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometry	eriometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometry	eriometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometry	eriometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrze	eriometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eriometrze	eriometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erce	erka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erce	erka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erek	erka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erkach	erka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erka	erka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erkami	erka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erką	erka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erkę	erka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erki	erka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erki	erka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erki	erka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erki	erka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erko	erka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erkom	erka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemach	erkaem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemami	erkaem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemem	erkaem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaem	erkaem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaem	erkaem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemie	erkaem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemie	erkaem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemom	erkaem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemowi	erkaem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemów	erkaem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemu	erkaem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemy	erkaem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemy	erkaem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemy	erkaem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistach	erkaemista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemista	erkaemista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistami	erkaemista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistą	erkaemista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistę	erkaemista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemisto	erkaemista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistom	erkaemista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistów	erkaemista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemistów	erkaemista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemisty	erkaemista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemisty	erkaemista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemisty	erkaemista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemiście	erkaemista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemiście	erkaemista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemiści	erkaemista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erkaemiści	erkaemista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erlangach	erlang	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangami	erlang	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlang	erlang	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlang	erlang	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangiem	erlang	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangi	erlang	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangi	erlang	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangi	erlang	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangom	erlang	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangowi	erlang	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangów	erlang	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangu	erlang	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangu	erlang	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erlangu	erlang	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ermitażach	ermitaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażami	ermitaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaże	ermitaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaże	ermitaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaże	ermitaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażem	ermitaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaż	ermitaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaż	ermitaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażom	ermitaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażowi	ermitaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażu	ermitaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażu	ermitaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitażu	ermitaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ermitaży	ermitaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
erodować	erodować	inf:imperf		
erodowaliby	erodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
erodowalibyście	erodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
erodowalibyśmy	erodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
erodowali	erodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
erodowali	erodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
erodowaliście	erodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
erodowaliśmy	erodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
erodowałaby	erodować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
erodowałabym	erodować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
erodowałabyś	erodować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
erodowała	erodować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
erodowała	erodować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
erodowałam	erodować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
erodowałaś	erodować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
erodowałby	erodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
erodowałbym	erodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
erodowałbyś	erodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
erodowałem	erodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
erodował	erodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
erodował	erodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
erodowałeś	erodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
erodowałoby	erodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
erodowałobym	erodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
erodowałobyś	erodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
erodowało	erodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
erodowało	erodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
erodowałom	erodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
erodowałoś	erodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
erodowałyby	erodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
erodowałybyście	erodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
erodowałybyśmy	erodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
erodowały	erodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
erodowały	erodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
erodowałyście	erodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
erodowałyśmy	erodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
erodowaniach	erodować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowania	erodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowania	erodować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowaniami	erodować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowanie	erodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowaniem	erodować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowaniom	erodować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowaniu	erodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
erodowano	erodować	imps:imperf		
erodowań	erodować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
erodująca	erodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
erodującą	erodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
erodujące	erodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erodujące	erodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erodującego	erodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
erodującego	erodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erodującej	erodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
erodującemu	erodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erodując	erodować	pcon:imperf		
erodująco	erodować	pacta		
erodujących	erodować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erodujących	erodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erodujący	erodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erodujący	erodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
erodujący	erodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
erodującym	erodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erodującym	erodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erodującymi	erodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erodują	erodować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
erodujcie	erodować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
erodujecie	erodować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eroduje	erodować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
erodujemy	erodować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eroduj	erodować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
erodujesz	erodować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eroduję	erodować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
erodujmy	erodować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
erogenicznie	erogenicznie	adv:pos		
erogenicznościach	erogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenicznościami	erogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenicznością	erogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczności	erogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenicznościom	erogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczność	erogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczność	erogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogeniczna	erogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erogeniczną	erogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erogeniczną	erogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erogeniczne	erogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erogeniczne	erogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erogeniczne	erogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erogeniczne	erogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erogenicznego	erogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erogenicznego	erogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogenicznej	erogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erogenicznej	erogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erogenicznej	erogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erogenicznemu	erogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogeniczni	erogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erogeniczno	erogeniczny	adja		
erogenicznych	erogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erogenicznych	erogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogenicznych	erogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogeniczny	erogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erogeniczny	erogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erogenicznym	erogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogenicznym	erogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogenicznym	erogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogenicznymi	erogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogennie	erogennie	adv:pos		
erogennościach	erogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogennościami	erogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogennością	erogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenności	erogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogennościom	erogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenność	erogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenność	erogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erogenna	erogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erogenną	erogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erogenną	erogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erogenne	erogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erogenne	erogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erogenne	erogenny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erogenne	erogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erogennego	erogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erogennego	erogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogennej	erogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erogennej	erogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erogennej	erogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erogennemu	erogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogenni	erogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erogenno	erogenny	adja		
erogennych	erogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erogennych	erogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogennych	erogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogenny	erogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erogenny	erogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erogennym	erogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erogennym	erogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogennym	erogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erogennymi	erogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erosach	eros	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosa	eros	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosami	eros	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosem	eros	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eros	eros	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eros	eros	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosie	eros	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosie	eros	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosom	eros	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosowi	eros	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosów	eros	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosy	eros	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosy	eros	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erosy	eros	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotematycznościach	erotematyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematycznościami	erotematyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematycznością	erotematyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczności	erotematyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematycznościom	erotematyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczność	erotematyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczność	erotematyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotematyczna	erotematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erotematyczną	erotematyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erotematyczną	erotematyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erotematyczne	erotematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotematyczne	erotematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotematyczne	erotematyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erotematyczne	erotematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erotematycznego	erotematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erotematycznego	erotematyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotematycznej	erotematyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erotematycznej	erotematyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erotematycznej	erotematyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erotematycznemu	erotematyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotematyczni	erotematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erotematyczno	erotematyczny	adja		
erotematycznych	erotematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erotematycznych	erotematyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotematycznych	erotematyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotematyczny	erotematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erotematyczny	erotematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erotematycznym	erotematyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotematycznym	erotematyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotematycznym	erotematyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotematycznymi	erotematyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańscy	erotografomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erotografomańska	erotografomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erotografomańską	erotografomański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erotografomańską	erotografomański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erotografomańskich	erotografomański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erotografomańskich	erotografomański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańskich	erotografomański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańskie	erotografomański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańskie	erotografomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańskie	erotografomański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erotografomańskie	erotografomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erotografomańskiego	erotografomański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erotografomańskiego	erotografomański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotografomańskiej	erotografomański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erotografomańskiej	erotografomański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erotografomańskiej	erotografomański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erotografomańskiemu	erotografomański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotografomański	erotografomański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erotografomański	erotografomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erotografomańskim	erotografomański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańskim	erotografomański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotografomańskim	erotografomański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotografomańskimi	erotografomański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotografomańsko	erotografomański	adja		
erotografomańsku	erotografomański	adjp		
erotografomańsko	erotografomańsko	adv:pos		
erotografomańskościach	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskościami	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskością	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskości	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskościom	erotografomańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskość	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotografomańskość	erotografomańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanach	erotoman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomana	erotoman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomana	erotoman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanami	erotoman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanem	erotoman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotoman	erotoman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanie	erotoman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanie	erotoman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomani	erotoman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomani	erotoman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanom	erotoman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanowi	erotoman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanów	erotoman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanów	erotoman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erotomany	erotoman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomany	erotoman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaniach	erotomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomania	erotomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaniami	erotomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanią	erotomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanie	erotomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanie	erotomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanie	erotomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanię	erotomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanii	erotomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
erotomanii	erotomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanii	erotomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanii	erotomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanij	erotomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
erotomanio	erotomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaniom	erotomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomance	erotomanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomance	erotomanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanek	erotomanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomankach	erotomanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanka	erotomanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomankami	erotomanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanką	erotomanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomankę	erotomanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanki	erotomanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanki	erotomanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanki	erotomanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanki	erotomanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomanko	erotomanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomankom	erotomanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańscy	erotomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erotomańska	erotomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erotomańską	erotomański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erotomańską	erotomański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erotomańskich	erotomański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erotomańskich	erotomański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańskich	erotomański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańskie	erotomański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańskie	erotomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańskie	erotomański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erotomańskie	erotomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erotomańskiego	erotomański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erotomańskiego	erotomański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotomańskiej	erotomański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erotomańskiej	erotomański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erotomańskiej	erotomański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erotomańskiemu	erotomański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotomański	erotomański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erotomański	erotomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erotomańskim	erotomański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańskim	erotomański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotomańskim	erotomański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotomańskimi	erotomański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotomańsko	erotomański	adja		
erotomańsku	erotomański	adjp		
erotomańsko	erotomańsko	adv:pos		
erotomańskościach	erotomańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskościami	erotomańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskością	erotomańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskości	erotomańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskościom	erotomańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskość	erotomańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomańskość	erotomańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwach	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwa	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwa	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwa	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwa	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwami	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwem	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństw	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwie	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwo	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwo	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwo	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwom	erotomaństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotomaństwu	erotomaństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
erotycznie	erotycznie	adv:pos		
erotycznościach	erotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotycznościami	erotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotycznością	erotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczności	erotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotycznościom	erotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczność	erotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczność	erotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyczna	erotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erotyczną	erotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erotyczną	erotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erotyczne	erotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotyczne	erotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erotyczne	erotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erotyczne	erotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erotycznego	erotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erotycznego	erotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotycznej	erotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erotycznej	erotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erotycznej	erotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erotycznemu	erotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotyczni	erotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erotyczno	erotyczny	adja		
erotycznych	erotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erotycznych	erotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotycznych	erotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotyczny	erotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erotyczny	erotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erotycznym	erotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotycznym	erotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotycznym	erotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erotycznymi	erotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erotykach	erotyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotykami	erotyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyk	erotyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyk	erotyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotykiem	erotyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotykom	erotyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotykowi	erotyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyków	erotyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyku	erotyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyku	erotyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyku	erotyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyce	erotyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyce	erotyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotykach	erotyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyka	erotyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotykami	erotyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyką	erotyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyk	erotyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotykę	erotyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyki	erotyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyko	erotyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotykom	erotyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacjach	erotyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacja	erotyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacjami	erotyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacją	erotyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacje	erotyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacje	erotyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacje	erotyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzację	erotyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacji	erotyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
erotyzacji	erotyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacji	erotyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacji	erotyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacjo	erotyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacjom	erotyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzacyj	erotyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
erotyzmach	erotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmami	erotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmem	erotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzm	erotyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzm	erotyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmie	erotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmie	erotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmom	erotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmowi	erotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmów	erotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmu	erotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmy	erotyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmy	erotyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzmy	erotyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erotyzować	erotyzować	inf:imperf		
erotyzowaliby	erotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
erotyzowalibyście	erotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
erotyzowalibyśmy	erotyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
erotyzowali	erotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
erotyzowali	erotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
erotyzowaliście	erotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
erotyzowaliśmy	erotyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałaby	erotyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałabym	erotyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałabyś	erotyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
erotyzowała	erotyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
erotyzowała	erotyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałam	erotyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałaś	erotyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałby	erotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałbym	erotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałbyś	erotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałem	erotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
erotyzował	erotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
erotyzował	erotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałeś	erotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałoby	erotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałobym	erotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałobyś	erotyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
erotyzowało	erotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
erotyzowało	erotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałom	erotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
erotyzowałoś	erotyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałyby	erotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałybyście	erotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałybyśmy	erotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
erotyzowały	erotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
erotyzowały	erotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
erotyzowałyście	erotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
erotyzowałyśmy	erotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
erotyzowana	erotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaną	erotyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzowane	erotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowane	erotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanego	erotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanego	erotyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanej	erotyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanemu	erotyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaniach	erotyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowania	erotyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowania	erotyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaniami	erotyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanie	erotyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaniem	erotyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowani	erotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaniom	erotyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowaniu	erotyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowano	erotyzować	imps:imperf		
erotyzowanych	erotyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanych	erotyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowany	erotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowany	erotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanym	erotyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanym	erotyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzowanymi	erotyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzowań	erotyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzująca	erotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzującą	erotyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzujące	erotyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzujące	erotyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzującego	erotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
erotyzującego	erotyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzującej	erotyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
erotyzującemu	erotyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzując	erotyzować	pcon:imperf		
erotyzująco	erotyzować	pacta		
erotyzujących	erotyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erotyzujących	erotyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzujący	erotyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erotyzujący	erotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
erotyzujący	erotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
erotyzującym	erotyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzującym	erotyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erotyzującymi	erotyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erotyzują	erotyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
erotyzujcie	erotyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
erotyzujecie	erotyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
erotyzuje	erotyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
erotyzujemy	erotyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
erotyzuj	erotyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
erotyzujesz	erotyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
erotyzuję	erotyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
erotyzujmy	erotyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
erozjach	erozja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozja	erozja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozjami	erozja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozją	erozja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozje	erozja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozje	erozja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozje	erozja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozję	erozja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozji	erozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.|hom.
erozji	erozja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozji	erozja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozji	erozja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozjo	erozja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozjom	erozja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
erozyj	erozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|geol.|char.
erozyjnościach	erozyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjnościami	erozyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjnością	erozyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjności	erozyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjnościom	erozyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjność	erozyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjność	erozyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erozyjna	erozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erozyjną	erozyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erozyjną	erozyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erozyjne	erozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erozyjne	erozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erozyjne	erozyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erozyjne	erozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erozyjnego	erozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erozyjnego	erozyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erozyjnej	erozyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erozyjnej	erozyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erozyjnej	erozyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erozyjnemu	erozyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erozyjni	erozyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erozyjno	erozyjny	adja		
erozyjnych	erozyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erozyjnych	erozyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erozyjnych	erozyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erozyjny	erozyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erozyjny	erozyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erozyjnym	erozyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erozyjnym	erozyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erozyjnym	erozyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erozyjnymi	erozyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erracie	errata:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erracie	errata:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratach	errata:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
errata	errata:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratami	errata:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratą	errata:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
errat	errata:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratę	errata:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
errato	errata:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratom	errata:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erraty	errata:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erraty	errata:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erraty	errata:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erraty	errata:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erratach	errata:s2	subst:pl:loc:p2	nazwa pospolita	
errata	errata:s2	subst:pl:acc:p2	nazwa pospolita	
errata	errata:s2	subst:pl:nom:p2	nazwa pospolita	
errata	errata:s2	subst:pl:voc:p2	nazwa pospolita	
erratami	errata:s2	subst:pl:inst:p2	nazwa pospolita	
erratom	errata:s2	subst:pl:dat:p2	nazwa pospolita	
erratów	errata:s2	subst:pl:gen:p2	nazwa pospolita	
errorach	error	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorami	error	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorem	error	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
error	error	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
error	error	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorom	error	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorowi	error	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorów	error	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erroru	error	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errory	error	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errory	error	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errory	error	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorze	error	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
errorze	error	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ersatzach	ersatz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzami	ersatz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatze	ersatz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatze	ersatz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatze	ersatz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzem	ersatz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatz	ersatz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatz	ersatz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzom	ersatz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzowi	ersatz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzów	ersatz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzu	ersatz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzu	ersatz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersatzu	ersatz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedach	ersted	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersteda	ersted	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedami	ersted	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedem	ersted	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersted	ersted	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ersted	ersted	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedom	ersted	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedowi	ersted	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedów	ersted	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedy	ersted	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedy	ersted	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedy	ersted	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedzie	ersted	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erstedzie	ersted	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelscy	ertebelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ertebelska	ertebelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ertebelską	ertebelski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ertebelską	ertebelski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ertebelskich	ertebelski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ertebelskich	ertebelski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelskich	ertebelski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelskie	ertebelski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelskie	ertebelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelskie	ertebelski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ertebelskie	ertebelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ertebelskiego	ertebelski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ertebelskiego	ertebelski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ertebelskiej	ertebelski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ertebelskiej	ertebelski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ertebelskiej	ertebelski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ertebelskiemu	ertebelski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ertebelski	ertebelski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ertebelski	ertebelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ertebelskim	ertebelski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelskim	ertebelski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ertebelskim	ertebelski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ertebelskimi	ertebelski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ertebelsko	ertebelski	adja		
ertebelsku	ertebelski	adjp		
ertebelsko	ertebelsko	adv:pos		
ertebelskościach	ertebelskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskościami	ertebelskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskością	ertebelskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskości	ertebelskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskościom	ertebelskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskość	ertebelskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ertebelskość	ertebelskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycjach	erudycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycja	erudycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycjami	erudycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycją	erudycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycje	erudycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycje	erudycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycje	erudycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycję	erudycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycji	erudycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
erudycji	erudycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycji	erudycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycji	erudycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycjo	erudycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycjom	erudycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyj	erudycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
erudycyjnie	erudycyjnie	adv:pos		
erudycyjnościach	erudycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjnościami	erudycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjnością	erudycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjności	erudycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjnościom	erudycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjność	erudycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjność	erudycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudycyjna	erudycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erudycyjną	erudycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erudycyjną	erudycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erudycyjne	erudycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erudycyjne	erudycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erudycyjne	erudycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjne	erudycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjnego	erudycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erudycyjnego	erudycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjnej	erudycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erudycyjnej	erudycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erudycyjnej	erudycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erudycyjnemu	erudycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjni	erudycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erudycyjno	erudycyjny	adja		
erudycyjnych	erudycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erudycyjnych	erudycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erudycyjnych	erudycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erudycyjny	erudycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erudycyjny	erudycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erudycyjnym	erudycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erudycyjnym	erudycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjnym	erudycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erudycyjnymi	erudycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erudycie	erudyt	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudycie	erudyt	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyci	erudyt	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyci	erudyt	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytach	erudyt	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyta	erudyt	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyta	erudyt	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytami	erudyt	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytem	erudyt	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyt	erudyt	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytom	erudyt	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytowi	erudyt	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytów	erudyt	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudytów	erudyt	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyty	erudyt	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudyty	erudyt	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
erudycie	erudyta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudycie	erudyta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudyci	erudyta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudyci	erudyta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytach	erudyta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudyta	erudyta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytami	erudyta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytą	erudyta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytę	erudyta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudyto	erudyta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytom	erudyta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytów	erudyta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytów	erudyta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudyty	erudyta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erudyty	erudyta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
erudyty	erudyta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
erudytce	erudytka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytce	erudytka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytek	erudytka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytkach	erudytka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytka	erudytka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytkami	erudytka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytką	erudytka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytkę	erudytka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytki	erudytka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytki	erudytka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytki	erudytka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytki	erudytka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytko	erudytka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erudytkom	erudytka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcjach	erupcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcja	erupcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcjami	erupcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcją	erupcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcje	erupcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcje	erupcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcje	erupcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcję	erupcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcji	erupcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
erupcji	erupcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcji	erupcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcji	erupcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcjo	erupcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcjom	erupcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyj	erupcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
erupcyjnościach	erupcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjnościami	erupcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjnością	erupcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjności	erupcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjnościom	erupcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjność	erupcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjność	erupcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erupcyjna	erupcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erupcyjną	erupcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erupcyjną	erupcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erupcyjne	erupcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erupcyjne	erupcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erupcyjne	erupcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjne	erupcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjnego	erupcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erupcyjnego	erupcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjnej	erupcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erupcyjnej	erupcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erupcyjnej	erupcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erupcyjnemu	erupcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjni	erupcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erupcyjno	erupcyjny	adja		
erupcyjnych	erupcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erupcyjnych	erupcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erupcyjnych	erupcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erupcyjny	erupcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erupcyjny	erupcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erupcyjnym	erupcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erupcyjnym	erupcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjnym	erupcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erupcyjnymi	erupcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erygować	erygować	inf:imperf.perf		
erygowaliby	erygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowalibyście	erygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowalibyśmy	erygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowali	erygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
erygowali	erygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowaliście	erygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowaliśmy	erygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałaby	erygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałabym	erygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałabyś	erygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowała	erygować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
erygowała	erygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałam	erygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałaś	erygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałby	erygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałbym	erygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałbyś	erygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałem	erygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
erygował	erygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
erygował	erygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałeś	erygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałoby	erygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałobym	erygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałobyś	erygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowało	erygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
erygowało	erygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałom	erygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowałoś	erygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałyby	erygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałybyście	erygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałybyśmy	erygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowały	erygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
erygowały	erygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
erygowałyście	erygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
erygowałyśmy	erygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
erygowana	erygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaną	erygować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowane	erygować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowane	erygować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanego	erygować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanego	erygować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanej	erygować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanemu	erygować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaniach	erygować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowania	erygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowania	erygować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaniami	erygować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanie	erygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaniem	erygować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowani	erygować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaniom	erygować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowaniu	erygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowano	erygować	imps:imperf.perf		
erygowanych	erygować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanych	erygować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowany	erygować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowany	erygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanym	erygować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanym	erygować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowanymi	erygować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowań	erygować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
erygowawszy	erygować	pant:perf		
erygująca	erygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
erygującą	erygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
erygujące	erygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erygujące	erygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erygującego	erygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
erygującego	erygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erygującej	erygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
erygującemu	erygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erygując	erygować	pcon:imperf		
erygująco	erygować	pacta		
erygujących	erygować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erygujących	erygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erygujący	erygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
erygujący	erygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
erygujący	erygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
erygującym	erygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erygującym	erygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
erygującymi	erygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
erygują	erygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
erygujcie	erygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
erygujecie	erygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
eryguje	erygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
erygujemy	erygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eryguj	erygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
erygujesz	erygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
eryguję	erygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
erygujmy	erygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
eryniach	erynia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynia	erynia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eryniami	erynia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynią	erynia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynie	erynia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynie	erynia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynie	erynia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynię	erynia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynii	erynia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
erynii	erynia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynii	erynia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynii	erynia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erynij	erynia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
erynio	erynia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eryniom	erynia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystycznościach	erystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystycznościami	erystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystycznością	erystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczności	erystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystycznościom	erystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczność	erystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczność	erystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyczna	erystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erystyczną	erystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erystyczną	erystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erystyczne	erystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erystyczne	erystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erystyczne	erystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erystyczne	erystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erystycznego	erystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erystycznego	erystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erystycznej	erystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erystycznej	erystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erystycznej	erystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erystycznemu	erystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erystyczni	erystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erystyczno	erystyczny	adja		
erystycznych	erystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erystycznych	erystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erystycznych	erystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erystyczny	erystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erystyczny	erystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erystycznym	erystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erystycznym	erystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erystycznym	erystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erystycznymi	erystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erystyce	erystyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyce	erystyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystykach	erystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyka	erystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystykami	erystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyką	erystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyk	erystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystykę	erystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyki	erystyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyki	erystyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyki	erystyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyki	erystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystyko	erystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erystykom	erystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejscy	erytrejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erytrejska	erytrejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erytrejską	erytrejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erytrejską	erytrejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erytrejskich	erytrejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erytrejskich	erytrejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejskich	erytrejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejskie	erytrejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejskie	erytrejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejskie	erytrejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erytrejskie	erytrejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erytrejskiego	erytrejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erytrejskiego	erytrejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erytrejskiej	erytrejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erytrejskiej	erytrejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erytrejskiej	erytrejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erytrejskiemu	erytrejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erytrejski	erytrejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erytrejski	erytrejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erytrejskim	erytrejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejskim	erytrejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erytrejskim	erytrejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erytrejskimi	erytrejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erytrejsko	erytrejski	adja		
erytrejsku	erytrejski	adjp		
erytrejsko	erytrejsko	adv:pos		
erytrejskościach	erytrejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskościami	erytrejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskością	erytrejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskości	erytrejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskościom	erytrejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskość	erytrejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrejskość	erytrejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastach	erytroblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastami	erytroblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastem	erytroblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblast	erytroblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblast	erytroblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastom	erytroblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastowi	erytroblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastów	erytroblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblastu	erytroblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblasty	erytroblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblasty	erytroblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblasty	erytroblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblaście	erytroblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytroblaście	erytroblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocycie	erytrocyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocycie	erytrocyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytach	erytrocyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytami	erytrocyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytem	erytrocyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocyt	erytrocyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocyt	erytrocyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytom	erytrocyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytowi	erytrocyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytów	erytrocyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocytu	erytrocyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocyty	erytrocyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocyty	erytrocyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytrocyty	erytrocyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynach	erytromycyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyna	erytromycyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynami	erytromycyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyną	erytromycyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyn	erytromycyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynę	erytromycyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynie	erytromycyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynie	erytromycyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyno	erytromycyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycynom	erytromycyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyny	erytromycyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyny	erytromycyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyny	erytromycyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytromycyny	erytromycyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynach	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyna	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynami	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyną	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyn	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynę	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynie	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynie	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyno	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetynom	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyny	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyny	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyny	erytropoetyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoetyny	erytropoetyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezach	erytropoeza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoeza	erytropoeza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezami	erytropoeza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezą	erytropoeza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoez	erytropoeza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezę	erytropoeza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezie	erytropoeza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezie	erytropoeza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezo	erytropoeza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezom	erytropoeza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezy	erytropoeza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezy	erytropoeza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezy	erytropoeza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytropoezy	erytropoeza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynach	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyna	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynami	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyną	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyn	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynę	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynie	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynie	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyno	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksynom	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyny	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyny	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyny	erytrotoksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrotoksyny	erytrotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynach	erytrozyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyna	erytrozyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynami	erytrozyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyną	erytrozyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyn	erytrozyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynę	erytrozyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynie	erytrozyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynie	erytrozyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyno	erytrozyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozynom	erytrozyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyny	erytrozyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyny	erytrozyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyny	erytrozyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erytrozyny	erytrozyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańscy	erywański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
erywańska	erywański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
erywańską	erywański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
erywańską	erywański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
erywańskich	erywański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
erywańskich	erywański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erywańskich	erywański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erywańskie	erywański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erywańskie	erywański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
erywańskie	erywański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
erywańskie	erywański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
erywańskiego	erywański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
erywańskiego	erywański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erywańskiej	erywański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
erywańskiej	erywański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
erywańskiej	erywański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
erywańskiemu	erywański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erywański	erywański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
erywański	erywański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
erywańskim	erywański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erywańskim	erywański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erywańskim	erywański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
erywańskimi	erywański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
erywańsko	erywański	adja		
erywańsku	erywański	adjp		
erywańsko	erywańsko	adv:pos		
erywańskościach	erywańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskościami	erywańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskością	erywańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskości	erywańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskościom	erywańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskość	erywańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
erywańskość	erywańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
erzacach	erzac	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacami	erzac	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzace	erzac	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzace	erzac	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzace	erzac	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacem	erzac	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzac	erzac	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzac	erzac	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacom	erzac	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacowi	erzac	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzaców	erzac	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacu	erzac	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacu	erzac	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
erzacu	erzac	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esaule	esauł	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaule	esauł	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułach	esauł	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esauła	esauł	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esauła	esauł	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułami	esauł	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułem	esauł	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esauł	esauł	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułom	esauł	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułowie	esauł	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułowie	esauł	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułowi	esauł	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułów	esauł	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esaułów	esauł	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esauły	esauł	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esauły	esauł	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esbecjach	esbecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecja	esbecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecjami	esbecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecją	esbecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecje	esbecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecje	esbecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecje	esbecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecję	esbecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecji	esbecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
esbecji	esbecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecji	esbecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecji	esbecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecjo	esbecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecjom	esbecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecyj	esbecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
esbeccy	esbecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esbecka	esbecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esbecką	esbecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esbecką	esbecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esbeckich	esbecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esbeckich	esbecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esbeckich	esbecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esbeckie	esbecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esbeckie	esbecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esbeckie	esbecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esbeckie	esbecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esbeckiego	esbecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esbeckiego	esbecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esbeckiej	esbecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esbeckiej	esbecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esbeckiej	esbecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esbeckiemu	esbecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esbecki	esbecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esbecki	esbecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esbeckim	esbecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esbeckim	esbecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esbeckim	esbecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esbeckimi	esbecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esbecko	esbecki	adja		
esbecku	esbecki	adjp		
esbecko	esbecko	adv:pos		
esbeckościach	esbeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckościami	esbeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckością	esbeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckości	esbeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckościom	esbeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckość	esbeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbeckość	esbeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esbecy	esbek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbecy	esbek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbekach	esbek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeka	esbek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeka	esbek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbekami	esbek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbek	esbek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbekiem	esbek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeki	esbek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeki	esbek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbekom	esbek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbekowi	esbek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeków	esbek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeków	esbek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeku	esbek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esbeku	esbek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eschatolodzy	eschatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatolodzy	eschatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologach	eschatolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologa	eschatolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologa	eschatolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologami	eschatolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatolog	eschatolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiem	eschatolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologi	eschatolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologi	eschatolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologom	eschatolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologowie	eschatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologowie	eschatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologowi	eschatolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologów	eschatolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologów	eschatolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologu	eschatolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologu	eschatolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiach	eschatologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologia	eschatologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiami	eschatologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologią	eschatologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologie	eschatologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologie	eschatologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologie	eschatologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologię	eschatologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologii	eschatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eschatologii	eschatologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologii	eschatologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologii	eschatologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologij	eschatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eschatologio	eschatologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiom	eschatologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologicznościach	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologicznościami	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologicznością	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczności	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologicznościom	eschatologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczność	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczność	eschatologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eschatologiczna	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eschatologiczną	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eschatologiczną	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eschatologiczne	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eschatologiczne	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eschatologiczne	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eschatologiczne	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eschatologicznego	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eschatologicznego	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eschatologicznej	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eschatologicznej	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eschatologicznej	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eschatologicznemu	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eschatologiczni	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eschatologiczno	eschatologiczny	adja		
eschatologicznych	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eschatologicznych	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eschatologicznych	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eschatologiczny	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eschatologiczny	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eschatologicznym	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eschatologicznym	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eschatologicznym	eschatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eschatologicznymi	eschatologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
escorcie	escort	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorcie	escort	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortach	escort	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorta	escort	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorta	escort	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortami	escort	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortem	escort	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escort	escort	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortom	escort	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortowi	escort	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escortów	escort	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorty	escort	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorty	escort	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escorty	escort	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mot.
escudach	escudo	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escuda	escudo	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escuda	escudo	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escuda	escudo	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escuda	escudo	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escuda	escudo	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudami	escudo	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudem	escudo	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudo	escudo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudom	escudo	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudowi	escudo	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudów	escudo	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
escudzie	escudo	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
esdecjach	esdecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecja	esdecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecjami	esdecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecją	esdecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecje	esdecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecje	esdecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecje	esdecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecję	esdecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecji	esdecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|pot.
esdecji	esdecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecji	esdecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecji	esdecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecjo	esdecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecjom	esdecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecyj	esdecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|pot.
esdeccy	esdecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esdecka	esdecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esdecką	esdecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esdecką	esdecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esdeckich	esdecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esdeckich	esdecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esdeckich	esdecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esdeckie	esdecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esdeckie	esdecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esdeckie	esdecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esdeckie	esdecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esdeckiego	esdecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esdeckiego	esdecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esdeckiej	esdecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esdeckiej	esdecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esdeckiej	esdecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esdeckiemu	esdecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esdecki	esdecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esdecki	esdecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esdeckim	esdecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esdeckim	esdecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esdeckim	esdecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esdeckimi	esdecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esdecko	esdecki	adja		
esdecku	esdecki	adjp		
esdecko	esdecko	adv:pos		
esdeckościach	esdeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckościami	esdeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckością	esdeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckości	esdeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckościom	esdeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckość	esdeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdeckość	esdeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esdecy	esdek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdecy	esdek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdekach	esdek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeka	esdek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeka	esdek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdekami	esdek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdek	esdek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdekiem	esdek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeki	esdek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeki	esdek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdekom	esdek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdekowi	esdek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeków	esdek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeków	esdek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeku	esdek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esdeku	esdek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eseistach	eseista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseista	eseista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistami	eseista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistą	eseista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistę	eseista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseisto	eseista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistom	eseista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistów	eseista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistów	eseista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseisty	eseista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eseisty	eseista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eseisty	eseista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseiście	eseista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseiście	eseista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseiści	eseista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseiści	eseista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eseistce	eseistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistce	eseistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistek	eseistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistkach	eseistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistka	eseistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistkami	eseistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistką	eseistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistkę	eseistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistki	eseistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistki	eseistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistki	eseistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistki	eseistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistko	eseistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistkom	eseistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistycznie	eseistycznie	adv:pos		
eseistycznościach	eseistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistycznościami	eseistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistycznością	eseistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczności	eseistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistycznościom	eseistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczność	eseistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczność	eseistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyczna	eseistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eseistyczną	eseistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eseistyczną	eseistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eseistyczne	eseistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eseistyczne	eseistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eseistyczne	eseistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eseistyczne	eseistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eseistycznego	eseistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eseistycznego	eseistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseistycznej	eseistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eseistycznej	eseistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eseistycznej	eseistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eseistycznemu	eseistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseistyczni	eseistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eseistyczno	eseistyczny	adja		
eseistycznych	eseistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eseistycznych	eseistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseistycznych	eseistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseistyczny	eseistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eseistyczny	eseistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eseistycznym	eseistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseistycznym	eseistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseistycznym	eseistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseistycznymi	eseistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseistyce	eseistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyce	eseistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistykach	eseistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyka	eseistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistykami	eseistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyką	eseistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyk	eseistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistykę	eseistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyki	eseistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyki	eseistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyki	eseistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyki	eseistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistyko	eseistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseistykom	eseistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacjach	eseizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacja	eseizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacjami	eseizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacją	eseizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacje	eseizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacje	eseizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacje	eseizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizację	eseizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacji	eseizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eseizacji	eseizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacji	eseizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacji	eseizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacjo	eseizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacjom	eseizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseizacyj	eseizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eseizować	eseizować	inf:imperf		rzad.
eseizowaliby	eseizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowalibyście	eseizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowalibyśmy	eseizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowali	eseizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
eseizowali	eseizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowaliście	eseizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowaliśmy	eseizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałaby	eseizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałabym	eseizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałabyś	eseizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowała	eseizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
eseizowała	eseizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałam	eseizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałaś	eseizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałby	eseizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałbym	eseizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałbyś	eseizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałem	eseizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizował	eseizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
eseizował	eseizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałeś	eseizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałoby	eseizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałobym	eseizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałobyś	eseizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowało	eseizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
eseizowało	eseizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałom	eseizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałoś	eseizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałyby	eseizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałybyście	eseizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałybyśmy	eseizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowały	eseizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
eseizowały	eseizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałyście	eseizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizowałyśmy	eseizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizowaniach	eseizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowania	eseizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowania	eseizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowaniami	eseizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowanie	eseizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowaniem	eseizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowaniom	eseizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowaniu	eseizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizowano	eseizować	imps:imperf		rzad.
eseizowań	eseizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eseizująca	eseizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eseizującą	eseizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eseizujące	eseizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eseizujące	eseizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eseizującego	eseizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eseizującego	eseizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eseizującej	eseizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eseizującemu	eseizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eseizując	eseizować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
eseizująco	eseizować	pacta		
eseizujących	eseizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eseizujących	eseizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eseizujący	eseizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eseizujący	eseizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eseizujący	eseizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eseizującym	eseizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eseizującym	eseizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eseizującymi	eseizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eseizują	eseizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizujcie	eseizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizujecie	eseizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizuje	eseizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
eseizujemy	eseizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizuj	eseizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizujesz	eseizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
eseizuję	eseizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
eseizujmy	eseizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
esejach	esej	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esejami	esej	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseje	esej	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseje	esej	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseje	esej	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esejem	esej	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esej	esej	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esej	esej	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esejom	esej	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esejowi	esej	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esejów	esej	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseju	esej	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseju	esej	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseju	esej	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowscy	eseldowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eseldowska	eseldowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eseldowską	eseldowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eseldowską	eseldowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eseldowskich	eseldowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eseldowskich	eseldowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowskich	eseldowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowskie	eseldowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowskie	eseldowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowskie	eseldowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eseldowskie	eseldowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eseldowskiego	eseldowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eseldowskiego	eseldowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseldowskiej	eseldowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eseldowskiej	eseldowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eseldowskiej	eseldowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eseldowskiemu	eseldowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseldowski	eseldowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eseldowski	eseldowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eseldowskim	eseldowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowskim	eseldowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseldowskim	eseldowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eseldowskimi	eseldowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eseldowsko	eseldowski	adja		
eseldowsku	eseldowski	adjp		
eseldowsko	eseldowsko	adv:pos		
eseldowskościach	eseldowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskościami	eseldowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskością	eseldowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskości	eseldowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskościom	eseldowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskość	eseldowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseldowskość	eseldowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowscy	eselowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eselowska	eselowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eselowską	eselowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eselowską	eselowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eselowskich	eselowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eselowskich	eselowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eselowskich	eselowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eselowskie	eselowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eselowskie	eselowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eselowskie	eselowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eselowskie	eselowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eselowskiego	eselowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eselowskiego	eselowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eselowskiej	eselowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eselowskiej	eselowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eselowskiej	eselowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eselowskiemu	eselowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eselowski	eselowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eselowski	eselowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eselowskim	eselowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eselowskim	eselowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eselowskim	eselowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eselowskimi	eselowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eselowsko	eselowski	adja		
eselowsku	eselowski	adjp		
eselowsko	eselowsko	adv:pos		
eselowskościach	eselowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskościami	eselowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskością	eselowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskości	eselowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskościom	eselowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskość	eselowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eselowskość	eselowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesach	esemes	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesach	esemes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesa	esemes	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesa	esemes	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesami	esemes	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesami	esemes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesem	esemes	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesem	esemes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemes	esemes	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemes	esemes	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemes	esemes	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesie	esemes	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesie	esemes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesie	esemes	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesie	esemes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesom	esemes	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesom	esemes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowi	esemes	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesowi	esemes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesów	esemes	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesów	esemes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesu	esemes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
esemesy	esemes	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esemesować	esemesować	inf:imperf		
esemesowaliby	esemesować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
esemesowalibyście	esemesować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
esemesowalibyśmy	esemesować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
esemesowali	esemesować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
esemesowali	esemesować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
esemesowaliście	esemesować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
esemesowaliśmy	esemesować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
esemesowałaby	esemesować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
esemesowałabym	esemesować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
esemesowałabyś	esemesować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
esemesowała	esemesować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
esemesowała	esemesować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
esemesowałam	esemesować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
esemesowałaś	esemesować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
esemesowałby	esemesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
esemesowałbym	esemesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
esemesowałbyś	esemesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
esemesowałem	esemesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
esemesował	esemesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
esemesował	esemesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
esemesowałeś	esemesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
esemesowałoby	esemesować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
esemesowałobym	esemesować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
esemesowałobyś	esemesować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
esemesowało	esemesować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
esemesowało	esemesować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
esemesowałom	esemesować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
esemesowałoś	esemesować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
esemesowałyby	esemesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
esemesowałybyście	esemesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
esemesowałybyśmy	esemesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
esemesowały	esemesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
esemesowały	esemesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
esemesowałyście	esemesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
esemesowałyśmy	esemesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
esemesowaniach	esemesować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowania	esemesować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowania	esemesować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowaniami	esemesować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowanie	esemesować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowaniem	esemesować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowaniom	esemesować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowaniu	esemesować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesowano	esemesować	imps:imperf		
esemesowań	esemesować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
esemesująca	esemesować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
esemesującą	esemesować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
esemesujące	esemesować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esemesujące	esemesować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esemesującego	esemesować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
esemesującego	esemesować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esemesującej	esemesować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
esemesującemu	esemesować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esemesując	esemesować	pcon:imperf		
esemesująco	esemesować	pacta		
esemesujących	esemesować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
esemesujących	esemesować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esemesujący	esemesować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
esemesujący	esemesować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
esemesujący	esemesować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
esemesującym	esemesować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esemesującym	esemesować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esemesującymi	esemesować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esemesują	esemesować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
esemesujcie	esemesować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
esemesujecie	esemesować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
esemesuje	esemesować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
esemesujemy	esemesować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
esemesuj	esemesować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
esemesujesz	esemesować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
esemesuję	esemesować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
esemesujmy	esemesować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
esemesowaniach	esemesowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowania	esemesowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowania	esemesowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowania	esemesowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowania	esemesowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowaniami	esemesowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowanie	esemesowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowanie	esemesowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowanie	esemesowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowaniem	esemesowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowaniom	esemesowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowaniu	esemesowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowaniu	esemesowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowań	esemesowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowo	esemesowo	adv:pos		
esemesowościach	esemesowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowościami	esemesowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowością	esemesowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowości	esemesowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowościom	esemesowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowość	esemesowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowość	esemesowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esemesowa	esemesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esemesową	esemesowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esemesową	esemesowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esemesowe	esemesowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esemesowe	esemesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esemesowe	esemesowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esemesowe	esemesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esemesowego	esemesowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esemesowego	esemesowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esemesowej	esemesowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esemesowej	esemesowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esemesowej	esemesowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esemesowemu	esemesowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esemesowi	esemesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esemesowo	esemesowy	adja		
esemesowych	esemesowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esemesowych	esemesowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esemesowych	esemesowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esemesowy	esemesowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esemesowy	esemesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esemesowym	esemesowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esemesowym	esemesowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esemesowym	esemesowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esemesowymi	esemesowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjach	esencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencja	esencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjami	esencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencją	esencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencje	esencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencje	esencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencje	esencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencję	esencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencji	esencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
esencji	esencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencji	esencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencji	esencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjo	esencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjom	esencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencyj	esencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
esencjalizmach	esencjalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmami	esencjalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmem	esencjalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizm	esencjalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizm	esencjalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmie	esencjalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmie	esencjalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmom	esencjalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmowi	esencjalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmów	esencjalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmu	esencjalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmy	esencjalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmy	esencjalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalizmy	esencjalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalnie	esencjalnie	adv:pos		
esencjalnościach	esencjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalnościami	esencjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalnością	esencjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalności	esencjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalnościom	esencjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalność	esencjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalność	esencjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjalna	esencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esencjalną	esencjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esencjalną	esencjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esencjalne	esencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esencjalne	esencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esencjalne	esencjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esencjalne	esencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esencjalnego	esencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esencjalnego	esencjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjalnej	esencjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esencjalnej	esencjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esencjalnej	esencjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esencjalnemu	esencjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjalni	esencjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esencjalno	esencjalny	adja		
esencjalnych	esencjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esencjalnych	esencjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjalnych	esencjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjalny	esencjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esencjalny	esencjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esencjalnym	esencjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjalnym	esencjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjalnym	esencjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjalnymi	esencjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalnie	esencjonalnie	adv:pos		
esencjonalnościach	esencjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalnościami	esencjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalnością	esencjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalności	esencjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalnościom	esencjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalność	esencjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalność	esencjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esencjonalna	esencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esencjonalną	esencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esencjonalną	esencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esencjonalne	esencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalne	esencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalne	esencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalne	esencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalnego	esencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esencjonalnego	esencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalnej	esencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esencjonalnej	esencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esencjonalnej	esencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esencjonalnemu	esencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalni	esencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esencjonalno	esencjonalny	adja		
esencjonalnych	esencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esencjonalnych	esencjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalnych	esencjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalny	esencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esencjonalny	esencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esencjonalnym	esencjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esencjonalnym	esencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalnym	esencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esencjonalnymi	esencjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eserach	eser	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esera	eser	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esera	eser	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserami	eser	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserem	eser	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eser	eser	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserom	eser	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowi	eser	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserów	eser	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserów	eser	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esery	eser	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esery	eser	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eserze	eser	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserze	eser	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserzy	eser	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserzy	eser	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcach	eserowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowca	eserowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowca	eserowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcami	eserowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowce	eserowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eserowce	eserowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcem	eserowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcom	eserowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcowi	eserowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowców	eserowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowców	eserowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcu	eserowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcu	eserowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcy	eserowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcy	eserowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowcze	eserowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowiec	eserowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eserowscy	eserowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eserowska	eserowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eserowską	eserowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eserowską	eserowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eserowskich	eserowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eserowskich	eserowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eserowskich	eserowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eserowskie	eserowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eserowskie	eserowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eserowskie	eserowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eserowskie	eserowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eserowskiego	eserowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eserowskiego	eserowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eserowskiej	eserowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eserowskiej	eserowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eserowskiej	eserowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eserowskiemu	eserowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eserowski	eserowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eserowski	eserowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eserowskim	eserowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eserowskim	eserowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eserowskim	eserowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eserowskimi	eserowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eserowsko	eserowski	adja		
eserowsku	eserowski	adjp		
eserowsko	eserowsko	adv:pos		
eserowskościach	eserowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskościami	eserowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskością	eserowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskości	eserowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskościom	eserowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskość	eserowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserowskość	eserowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynach	eseryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryna	eseryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynami	eseryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryną	eseryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryn	eseryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynę	eseryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynie	eseryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynie	eseryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryno	eseryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eserynom	eseryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryny	eseryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryny	eseryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryny	eseryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eseryny	eseryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanach	esesman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmana	esesman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmana	esesman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanami	esesman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanem	esesman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesman	esesman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanie	esesman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanie	esesman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmani	esesman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmani	esesman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanom	esesman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanowi	esesman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanów	esesman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanów	esesman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesmany	esesman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esesmany	esesman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esesmance	esesmanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmance	esesmanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanek	esesmanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmankach	esesmanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanka	esesmanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmankami	esesmanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanką	esesmanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmankę	esesmanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanki	esesmanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanki	esesmanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanki	esesmanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanki	esesmanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmanko	esesmanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmankom	esesmanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańscy	esesmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esesmańska	esesmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esesmańską	esesmański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esesmańską	esesmański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esesmańskich	esesmański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esesmańskich	esesmański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańskich	esesmański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańskie	esesmański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańskie	esesmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańskie	esesmański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esesmańskie	esesmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esesmańskiego	esesmański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esesmańskiego	esesmański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesmańskiej	esesmański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esesmańskiej	esesmański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esesmańskiej	esesmański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esesmańskiemu	esesmański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesmański	esesmański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esesmański	esesmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esesmańskim	esesmański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańskim	esesmański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesmańskim	esesmański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesmańskimi	esesmański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesmańsko	esesmański	adja		
esesmańsku	esesmański	adjp		
esesmańsko	esesmańsko	adv:pos		
esesmańskościach	esesmańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskościami	esesmańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskością	esesmańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskości	esesmańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskościom	esesmańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskość	esesmańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesmańskość	esesmańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcach	esesowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowca	esesowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowca	esesowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcami	esesowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowce	esesowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esesowce	esesowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcem	esesowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcom	esesowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcowi	esesowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowców	esesowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowców	esesowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcu	esesowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcu	esesowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcy	esesowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcy	esesowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowcze	esesowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowiec	esesowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esesowscy	esesowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esesowska	esesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esesowską	esesowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esesowską	esesowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esesowskich	esesowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esesowskich	esesowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesowskich	esesowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesowskie	esesowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esesowskie	esesowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esesowskie	esesowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esesowskie	esesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esesowskiego	esesowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esesowskiego	esesowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesowskiej	esesowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esesowskiej	esesowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esesowskiej	esesowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esesowskiemu	esesowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesowski	esesowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esesowski	esesowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esesowskim	esesowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesowskim	esesowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesowskim	esesowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esesowskimi	esesowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esesowsko	esesowski	adja		
esesowsku	esesowski	adjp		
esesowsko	esesowsko	adv:pos		
esesowskościach	esesowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskościami	esesowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskością	esesowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskości	esesowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskościom	esesowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskość	esesowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esesowskość	esesowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esicach	esica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esica	esica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicami	esica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicą	esica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esice	esica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esice	esica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esice	esica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esic	esica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicę	esica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esico	esica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicom	esica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicy	esica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicy	esica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esicy	esica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
esikach	esik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esikami	esik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esik	esik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esik	esik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esikiem	esik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiki	esik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiki	esik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiki	esik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esikom	esik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esikowi	esik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esików	esik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiku	esik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiku	esik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esiku	esik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esce	eska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esce	eska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esek	eska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskach	eska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eska	eska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskami	eska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eską	eska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskę	eska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eski	eska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eski	eska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eski	eska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eski	eska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esko	eska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskom	eska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrach	eskadra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadra	eskadra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrami	eskadra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrą	eskadra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadr	eskadra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrę	eskadra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadro	eskadra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrom	eskadra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadry	eskadra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadry	eskadra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadry	eskadra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadry	eskadra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrze	eskadra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadrze	eskadra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskadronach	eskadron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronami	eskadron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronem	eskadron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadron	eskadron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadron	eskadron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronie	eskadron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronie	eskadron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronom	eskadron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronowi	eskadron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronów	eskadron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadronu	eskadron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadrony	eskadron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadrony	eskadron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskadrony	eskadron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eskaerowscy	eskaerowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskaerowska	eskaerowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskaerowską	eskaerowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskaerowską	eskaerowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskaerowskich	eskaerowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskaerowskich	eskaerowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowskich	eskaerowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowskie	eskaerowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowskie	eskaerowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowskie	eskaerowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowskie	eskaerowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowskiego	eskaerowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskaerowskiego	eskaerowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowskiej	eskaerowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskaerowskiej	eskaerowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskaerowskiej	eskaerowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskaerowskiemu	eskaerowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowski	eskaerowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskaerowski	eskaerowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskaerowskim	eskaerowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowskim	eskaerowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowskim	eskaerowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskaerowskimi	eskaerowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskaerowsko	eskaerowski	adja		
eskaerowsku	eskaerowski	adjp		
eskaerowsko	eskaerowsko	adv:pos		
eskaerowskościach	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskościami	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskością	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskości	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskościom	eskaerowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskość	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskaerowskość	eskaerowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacjach	eskalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacja	eskalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacjami	eskalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacją	eskalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacje	eskalacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacje	eskalacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacje	eskalacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalację	eskalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacji	eskalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eskalacji	eskalacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacji	eskalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacji	eskalacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacjo	eskalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacjom	eskalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyj	eskalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eskalacyjnościach	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjnościami	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjnością	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjności	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjnościom	eskalacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjność	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjność	eskalacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskalacyjna	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskalacyjną	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskalacyjną	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskalacyjne	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskalacyjne	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskalacyjne	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjne	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjnego	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskalacyjnego	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjnej	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskalacyjnej	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskalacyjnej	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskalacyjnemu	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjni	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskalacyjno	eskalacyjny	adja		
eskalacyjnych	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskalacyjnych	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskalacyjnych	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskalacyjny	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskalacyjny	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskalacyjnym	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskalacyjnym	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjnym	eskalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskalacyjnymi	eskalacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskalatorach	eskalator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatora	eskalator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorami	eskalator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorem	eskalator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalator	eskalator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalator	eskalator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorom	eskalator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorowi	eskalator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorów	eskalator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatory	eskalator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatory	eskalator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatory	eskalator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorze	eskalator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalatorze	eskalator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopach	eskalop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopami	eskalop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopem	eskalop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalop	eskalop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalop	eskalop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopie	eskalop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopie	eskalop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopom	eskalop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopowi	eskalop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopów	eskalop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopu	eskalop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopy	eskalop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopy	eskalop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopy	eskalop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopek	eskalopek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopek	eskalopek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopkach	eskalopek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopka	eskalopek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopkami	eskalopek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopkiem	eskalopek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopki	eskalopek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopki	eskalopek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopki	eskalopek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopkom	eskalopek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopkowi	eskalopek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopków	eskalopek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopku	eskalopek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalopku	eskalopek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskalować	eskalować	inf:imperf		
eskalowaliby	eskalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eskalowalibyście	eskalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eskalowalibyśmy	eskalować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eskalowali	eskalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eskalowali	eskalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eskalowaliście	eskalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eskalowaliśmy	eskalować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eskalowałaby	eskalować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eskalowałabym	eskalować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eskalowałabyś	eskalować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eskalowała	eskalować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eskalowała	eskalować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eskalowałam	eskalować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eskalowałaś	eskalować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eskalowałby	eskalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eskalowałbym	eskalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eskalowałbyś	eskalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eskalowałem	eskalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eskalował	eskalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eskalował	eskalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eskalowałeś	eskalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eskalowałoby	eskalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eskalowałobym	eskalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eskalowałobyś	eskalować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eskalowało	eskalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eskalowało	eskalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eskalowałom	eskalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eskalowałoś	eskalować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eskalowałyby	eskalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eskalowałybyście	eskalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eskalowałybyśmy	eskalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eskalowały	eskalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eskalowały	eskalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eskalowałyście	eskalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eskalowałyśmy	eskalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eskalowana	eskalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskalowaną	eskalować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskalowane	eskalować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalowane	eskalować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowanego	eskalować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskalowanego	eskalować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowanej	eskalować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskalowanemu	eskalować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowaniach	eskalować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowania	eskalować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowania	eskalować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowaniami	eskalować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowanie	eskalować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowaniem	eskalować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowani	eskalować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskalowaniom	eskalować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowaniu	eskalować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowano	eskalować	imps:imperf		
eskalowanych	eskalować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskalowanych	eskalować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalowany	eskalować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskalowany	eskalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskalowanym	eskalować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalowanym	eskalować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalowanymi	eskalować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalowań	eskalować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskalująca	eskalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskalującą	eskalować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskalujące	eskalować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalujące	eskalować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalującego	eskalować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskalującego	eskalować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalującej	eskalować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskalującemu	eskalować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalując	eskalować	pcon:imperf		
eskalująco	eskalować	pacta		
eskalujących	eskalować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskalujących	eskalować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalujący	eskalować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskalujący	eskalować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskalujący	eskalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskalującym	eskalować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalującym	eskalować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskalującymi	eskalować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskalują	eskalować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eskalujcie	eskalować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eskalujecie	eskalować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eskaluje	eskalować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eskalujemy	eskalować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eskaluj	eskalować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eskalujesz	eskalować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eskaluję	eskalować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eskalujmy	eskalować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eskamoterach	eskamoter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamotera	eskamoter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamotera	eskamoter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterami	eskamoter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterem	eskamoter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoter	eskamoter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterom	eskamoter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterowi	eskamoter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterów	eskamoter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterów	eskamoter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamotery	eskamoter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamotery	eskamoter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterze	eskamoter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterze	eskamoter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterzy	eskamoter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamoterzy	eskamoter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
eskamotować	eskamotować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowaliby	eskamotować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowalibyście	eskamotować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowalibyśmy	eskamotować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowali	eskamotować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowali	eskamotować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowaliście	eskamotować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowaliśmy	eskamotować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałaby	eskamotować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałabym	eskamotować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałabyś	eskamotować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowała	eskamotować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowała	eskamotować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałam	eskamotować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałaś	eskamotować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałby	eskamotować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałbym	eskamotować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałbyś	eskamotować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałem	eskamotować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotował	eskamotować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotował	eskamotować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałeś	eskamotować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałoby	eskamotować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałobym	eskamotować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałobyś	eskamotować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowało	eskamotować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowało	eskamotować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałom	eskamotować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałoś	eskamotować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałyby	eskamotować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałybyście	eskamotować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałybyśmy	eskamotować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowały	eskamotować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowały	eskamotować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałyście	eskamotować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowałyśmy	eskamotować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowana	eskamotować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaną	eskamotować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowane	eskamotować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowane	eskamotować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanego	eskamotować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanego	eskamotować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanej	eskamotować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanemu	eskamotować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaniach	eskamotować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowania	eskamotować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowania	eskamotować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaniami	eskamotować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanie	eskamotować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaniem	eskamotować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowani	eskamotować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaniom	eskamotować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowaniu	eskamotować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowano	eskamotować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotowanych	eskamotować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanych	eskamotować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowany	eskamotować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowany	eskamotować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanym	eskamotować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanym	eskamotować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowanymi	eskamotować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowań	eskamotować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
eskamotowawszy	eskamotować	pant:perf		daw.
eskamotująca	eskamotować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskamotującą	eskamotować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskamotujące	eskamotować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskamotujące	eskamotować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskamotującego	eskamotować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskamotującego	eskamotować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskamotującej	eskamotować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskamotującemu	eskamotować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskamotując	eskamotować	pcon:imperf		daw.
eskamotująco	eskamotować	pacta		
eskamotujących	eskamotować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskamotujących	eskamotować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskamotujący	eskamotować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskamotujący	eskamotować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskamotujący	eskamotować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskamotującym	eskamotować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskamotującym	eskamotować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskamotującymi	eskamotować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskamotują	eskamotować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotujcie	eskamotować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotujecie	eskamotować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotuje	eskamotować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotujemy	eskamotować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotuj	eskamotować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotujesz	eskamotować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotuję	eskamotować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskamotujmy	eskamotować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
eskapadach	eskapada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapada	eskapada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadami	eskapada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadą	eskapada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapad	eskapada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadę	eskapada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapado	eskapada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadom	eskapada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapady	eskapada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapady	eskapada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapady	eskapada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapady	eskapada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadzie	eskapada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadzie	eskapada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadce	eskapadka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadce	eskapadka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadek	eskapadka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadkach	eskapadka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadka	eskapadka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadkami	eskapadka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadką	eskapadka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadkę	eskapadka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadki	eskapadka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadki	eskapadka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadki	eskapadka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadki	eskapadka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadko	eskapadka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapadkom	eskapadka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistach	eskapista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapista	eskapista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistami	eskapista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistą	eskapista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistę	eskapista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapisto	eskapista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistom	eskapista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistów	eskapista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistów	eskapista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapisty	eskapista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskapisty	eskapista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskapisty	eskapista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapiście	eskapista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapiście	eskapista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapiści	eskapista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapiści	eskapista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistycznościach	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistycznościami	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistycznością	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczności	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistycznościom	eskapistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczność	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczność	eskapistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskapistyczna	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskapistyczną	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskapistyczną	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskapistyczne	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskapistyczne	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskapistyczne	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskapistyczne	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskapistycznego	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskapistycznego	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskapistycznej	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskapistycznej	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskapistycznej	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskapistycznemu	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskapistyczni	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskapistyczno	eskapistyczny	adja		
eskapistycznych	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskapistycznych	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskapistycznych	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskapistyczny	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskapistyczny	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskapistycznym	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskapistycznym	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskapistycznym	eskapistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskapistycznymi	eskapistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskapizmach	eskapizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmami	eskapizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmem	eskapizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizm	eskapizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizm	eskapizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmie	eskapizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmie	eskapizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmom	eskapizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmowi	eskapizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmów	eskapizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmu	eskapizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmy	eskapizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmy	eskapizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskapizmy	eskapizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalnościach	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalnościami	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalnością	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalności	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalnościom	eskimoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalność	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalność	eskimoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidalna	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskimoidalną	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskimoidalną	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskimoidalne	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidalne	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidalne	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalne	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalnego	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskimoidalnego	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalnej	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskimoidalnej	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskimoidalnej	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskimoidalnemu	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalni	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoidalno	eskimoidalny	adja		
eskimoidalnych	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoidalnych	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidalnych	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidalny	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskimoidalny	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskimoidalnym	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidalnym	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalnym	eskimoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidalnymi	eskimoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowościach	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowościami	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowością	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowości	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowościom	eskimoidowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowość	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowość	eskimoidowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoidowa	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskimoidową	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskimoidową	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskimoidowe	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowe	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowe	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowe	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowego	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskimoidowego	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowej	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskimoidowej	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskimoidowej	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskimoidowemu	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowi	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoidowo	eskimoidowy	adja		
eskimoidowych	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoidowych	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowych	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowy	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskimoidowy	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskimoidowym	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoidowym	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowym	eskimoidowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoidowymi	eskimoidowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoscy	eskimoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoska	eskimoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskimoską	eskimoski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskimoską	eskimoski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskimoskich	eskimoski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskimoskich	eskimoski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoskich	eskimoski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoskie	eskimoski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoskie	eskimoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoskie	eskimoski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoskie	eskimoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskimoskiego	eskimoski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskimoskiego	eskimoski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoskiej	eskimoski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskimoskiej	eskimoski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskimoskiej	eskimoski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskimoskiemu	eskimoski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoski	eskimoski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskimoski	eskimoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskimoskim	eskimoski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimoskim	eskimoski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoskim	eskimoski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskimoskimi	eskimoski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskimosko	eskimoski	adja		
eskimosku	eskimoski	adjp		
eskimosko	eskimosko	adv:pos		
eskimoskościach	eskimoskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskościami	eskimoskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskością	eskimoskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskości	eskimoskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskościom	eskimoskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskość	eskimoskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskimoskość	eskimoskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterach	eskonter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskontera	eskonter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskontera	eskonter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterami	eskonter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterem	eskonter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonter	eskonter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterom	eskonter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterowi	eskonter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterów	eskonter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterów	eskonter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskontery	eskonter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontery	eskonter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterze	eskonter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterze	eskonter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterzy	eskonter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskonterzy	eskonter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskoncie	eskonto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontach	eskonto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonta	eskonto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonta	eskonto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonta	eskonto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonta	eskonto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontami	eskonto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontem	eskonto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskont	eskonto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonto	eskonto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonto	eskonto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskonto	eskonto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontom	eskonto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontu	eskonto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskontować	eskontować	inf:imperf		daw.
eskontowaliby	eskontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowalibyście	eskontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowalibyśmy	eskontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowali	eskontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
eskontowali	eskontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowaliście	eskontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowaliśmy	eskontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałaby	eskontować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałabym	eskontować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałabyś	eskontować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowała	eskontować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
eskontowała	eskontować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałam	eskontować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałaś	eskontować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałby	eskontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałbym	eskontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałbyś	eskontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałem	eskontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontował	eskontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
eskontował	eskontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałeś	eskontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałoby	eskontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałobym	eskontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałobyś	eskontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowało	eskontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
eskontowało	eskontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałom	eskontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowałoś	eskontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałyby	eskontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałybyście	eskontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałybyśmy	eskontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowały	eskontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
eskontowały	eskontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontowałyście	eskontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontowałyśmy	eskontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontowana	eskontować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskontowaną	eskontować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskontowane	eskontować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontowane	eskontować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowanego	eskontować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskontowanego	eskontować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowanej	eskontować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskontowanemu	eskontować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowaniach	eskontować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowania	eskontować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowania	eskontować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowaniami	eskontować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowanie	eskontować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowaniem	eskontować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowani	eskontować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskontowaniom	eskontować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowaniu	eskontować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowano	eskontować	imps:imperf		daw.
eskontowanych	eskontować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskontowanych	eskontować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontowany	eskontować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskontowany	eskontować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskontowanym	eskontować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontowanym	eskontować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontowanymi	eskontować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontowań	eskontować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskontująca	eskontować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskontującą	eskontować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskontujące	eskontować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontujące	eskontować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontującego	eskontować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskontującego	eskontować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontującej	eskontować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskontującemu	eskontować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontując	eskontować	pcon:imperf		daw.
eskontująco	eskontować	pacta		
eskontujących	eskontować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskontujących	eskontować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontujący	eskontować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskontujący	eskontować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskontujący	eskontować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskontującym	eskontować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontującym	eskontować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskontującymi	eskontować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskontują	eskontować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontujcie	eskontować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontujecie	eskontować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontuje	eskontować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
eskontujemy	eskontować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontuj	eskontować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontujesz	eskontować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
eskontuję	eskontować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
eskontujmy	eskontować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
eskorcie	eskorta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorcie	eskorta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortach	eskorta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorta	eskorta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortami	eskorta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortą	eskorta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskort	eskorta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortę	eskorta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorto	eskorta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortom	eskorta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorty	eskorta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorty	eskorta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorty	eskorta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskorty	eskorta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortancie	eskortant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortancie	eskortant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanci	eskortant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanci	eskortant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantach	eskortant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanta	eskortant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanta	eskortant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantami	eskortant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantem	eskortant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortant	eskortant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantom	eskortant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantowi	eskortant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantów	eskortant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortantów	eskortant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanty	eskortant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskortanty	eskortant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterach	eskorter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortera	eskorter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortera	eskorter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterami	eskorter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterem	eskorter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorter	eskorter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterom	eskorter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterowi	eskorter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterów	eskorter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterów	eskorter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortery	eskorter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskortery	eskorter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterze	eskorter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterze	eskorter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterzy	eskorter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskorterzy	eskorter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eskortować	eskortować	inf:imperf		
eskortowaliby	eskortować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eskortowalibyście	eskortować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eskortowalibyśmy	eskortować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eskortowali	eskortować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eskortowali	eskortować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eskortowaliście	eskortować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eskortowaliśmy	eskortować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eskortowałaby	eskortować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eskortowałabym	eskortować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eskortowałabyś	eskortować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eskortowała	eskortować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eskortowała	eskortować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eskortowałam	eskortować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eskortowałaś	eskortować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eskortowałby	eskortować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eskortowałbym	eskortować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eskortowałbyś	eskortować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eskortowałem	eskortować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eskortował	eskortować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eskortował	eskortować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eskortowałeś	eskortować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eskortowałoby	eskortować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eskortowałobym	eskortować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eskortowałobyś	eskortować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eskortowało	eskortować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eskortowało	eskortować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eskortowałom	eskortować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eskortowałoś	eskortować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eskortowałyby	eskortować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eskortowałybyście	eskortować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eskortowałybyśmy	eskortować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eskortowały	eskortować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eskortowały	eskortować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eskortowałyście	eskortować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eskortowałyśmy	eskortować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eskortowana	eskortować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskortowaną	eskortować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskortowane	eskortować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortowane	eskortować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowanego	eskortować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskortowanego	eskortować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowanej	eskortować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskortowanemu	eskortować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowaniach	eskortować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowania	eskortować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowania	eskortować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowaniami	eskortować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowanie	eskortować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowaniem	eskortować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowani	eskortować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskortowaniom	eskortować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowaniu	eskortować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowano	eskortować	imps:imperf		
eskortowanych	eskortować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskortowanych	eskortować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortowany	eskortować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskortowany	eskortować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskortowanym	eskortować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortowanym	eskortować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortowanymi	eskortować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortowań	eskortować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eskortująca	eskortować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eskortującą	eskortować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eskortujące	eskortować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortujące	eskortować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortującego	eskortować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eskortującego	eskortować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortującej	eskortować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eskortującemu	eskortować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortując	eskortować	pcon:imperf		
eskortująco	eskortować	pacta		
eskortujących	eskortować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskortujących	eskortować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortujący	eskortować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eskortujący	eskortować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eskortujący	eskortować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eskortującym	eskortować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortującym	eskortować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eskortującymi	eskortować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eskortują	eskortować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eskortujcie	eskortować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eskortujecie	eskortować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eskortuje	eskortować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eskortujemy	eskortować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eskortuj	eskortować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eskortujesz	eskortować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eskortuję	eskortować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eskortujmy	eskortować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eskortowcach	eskortowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcach	eskortowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowca	eskortowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowca	eskortowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowca	eskortowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcami	eskortowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcami	eskortowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowce	eskortowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcem	eskortowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcem	eskortowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcom	eskortowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcom	eskortowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcowi	eskortowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcowi	eskortowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowców	eskortowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowców	eskortowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcu	eskortowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcu	eskortowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowcu	eskortowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowcu	eskortowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowiec	eskortowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowiec	eskortowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
eskortowiec	eskortowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowościach	eskortowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowościami	eskortowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowością	eskortowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowości	eskortowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowościom	eskortowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowość	eskortowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowość	eskortowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskortowa	eskortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskortową	eskortowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskortową	eskortowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskortowe	eskortowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskortowe	eskortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskortowe	eskortowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskortowe	eskortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskortowego	eskortowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskortowego	eskortowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskortowej	eskortowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskortowej	eskortowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskortowej	eskortowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskortowemu	eskortowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskortowi	eskortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskortowo	eskortowy	adja		
eskortowych	eskortowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskortowych	eskortowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskortowych	eskortowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskortowy	eskortowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskortowy	eskortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskortowym	eskortowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskortowym	eskortowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskortowym	eskortowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskortowymi	eskortowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskudach	eskudo	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskuda	eskudo	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskuda	eskudo	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskuda	eskudo	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskuda	eskudo	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskuda	eskudo	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudami	eskudo	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudem	eskudo	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudo	eskudo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudom	eskudo	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudowi	eskudo	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudów	eskudo	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskudzie	eskudo	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapach	eskulap	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapa	eskulap	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapa	eskulap	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapami	eskulap	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapem	eskulap	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulap	eskulap	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapie	eskulap	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapie	eskulap	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapi	eskulap	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapi	eskulap	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapom	eskulap	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapowie	eskulap	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapowie	eskulap	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapowi	eskulap	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapów	eskulap	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapów	eskulap	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapy	eskulap	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapy	eskulap	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.
eskulapscy	eskulapski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eskulapska	eskulapski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eskulapską	eskulapski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eskulapską	eskulapski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eskulapskich	eskulapski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eskulapskich	eskulapski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapskich	eskulapski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapskie	eskulapski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapskie	eskulapski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapskie	eskulapski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eskulapskie	eskulapski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eskulapskiego	eskulapski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eskulapskiego	eskulapski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskulapskiej	eskulapski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eskulapskiej	eskulapski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eskulapskiej	eskulapski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eskulapskiemu	eskulapski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskulapski	eskulapski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eskulapski	eskulapski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eskulapskim	eskulapski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapskim	eskulapski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskulapskim	eskulapski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eskulapskimi	eskulapski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eskulapsko	eskulapski	adja		
eskulapsku	eskulapski	adjp		
eskulapsko	eskulapsko	adv:pos		
eskulapskościach	eskulapskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskościami	eskulapskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskością	eskulapskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskości	eskulapskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskościom	eskulapskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskość	eskulapskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eskulapskość	eskulapskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmanach	esman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmana	esman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmana	esman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanami	esman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanem	esman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esman	esman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanie	esman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanie	esman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmani	esman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmani	esman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanom	esman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanowi	esman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanów	esman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmanów	esman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esmany	esman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esmany	esman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esmańscy	esmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esmańska	esmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esmańską	esmański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esmańską	esmański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esmańskich	esmański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esmańskich	esmański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esmańskich	esmański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esmańskie	esmański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esmańskie	esmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esmańskie	esmański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esmańskie	esmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esmańskiego	esmański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esmańskiego	esmański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esmańskiej	esmański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esmańskiej	esmański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esmańskiej	esmański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esmańskiemu	esmański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esmański	esmański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esmański	esmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esmańskim	esmański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esmańskim	esmański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esmańskim	esmański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esmańskimi	esmański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esmańsko	esmański	adja		
esmańsku	esmański	adjp		
esmańsko	esmańsko	adv:pos		
esmańskościach	esmańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskościami	esmańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskością	esmańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskości	esmańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskościom	esmańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskość	esmańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esmańskość	esmańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esować	esować	inf:imperf		
esowaliby	esować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
esowalibyście	esować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
esowalibyśmy	esować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
esowali	esować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
esowali	esować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
esowaliście	esować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
esowaliśmy	esować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
esowałaby	esować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
esowałabym	esować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
esowałabyś	esować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
esowała	esować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
esowała	esować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
esowałam	esować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
esowałaś	esować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
esowałby	esować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
esowałbym	esować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
esowałbyś	esować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
esowałem	esować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
esował	esować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
esował	esować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
esowałeś	esować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
esowałoby	esować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
esowałobym	esować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
esowałobyś	esować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
esowało	esować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
esowało	esować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
esowałom	esować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
esowałoś	esować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
esowałyby	esować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
esowałybyście	esować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
esowałybyśmy	esować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
esowały	esować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
esowały	esować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
esowałyście	esować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
esowałyśmy	esować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
esowaniach	esować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
esowania	esować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
esowania	esować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
esowaniami	esować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
esowanie	esować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
esowaniem	esować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
esowaniom	esować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
esowaniu	esować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
esowano	esować	imps:imperf		
esowań	esować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
esująca	esować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
esującą	esować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
esujące	esować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esujące	esować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esującego	esować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
esującego	esować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esującej	esować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
esującemu	esować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esując	esować	pcon:imperf		
esująco	esować	pacta		
esujących	esować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
esujących	esować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esujący	esować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
esujący	esować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
esujący	esować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
esującym	esować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esującym	esować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
esującymi	esować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
esują	esować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
esujcie	esować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
esujecie	esować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
esuje	esować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
esujemy	esować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
esuj	esować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
esujesz	esować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
esuję	esować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
esujmy	esować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
esowato	esowato	adv:pos		
esowatościach	esowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatościami	esowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatością	esowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatości	esowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatościom	esowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatość	esowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowatość	esowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esowaci	esowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esowata	esowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esowatą	esowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esowatą	esowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esowate	esowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esowate	esowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esowate	esowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esowate	esowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esowatego	esowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esowatego	esowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esowatej	esowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esowatej	esowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esowatej	esowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esowatemu	esowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esowato	esowaty	adja		
esowatych	esowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esowatych	esowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esowatych	esowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esowaty	esowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esowaty	esowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esowatym	esowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esowatym	esowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esowatym	esowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esowatymi	esowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esownicach	esownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownica	esownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicami	esownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicą	esownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownice	esownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownice	esownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownice	esownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownic	esownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicę	esownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownico	esownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicom	esownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicy	esownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicy	esownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esownicy	esownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówce	esówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówce	esówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówek	esówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówkach	esówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówka	esówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówkami	esówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówką	esówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówkę	esówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówki	esówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówki	esówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówki	esówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówki	esówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówko	esówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esówkom	esówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadach	espada	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espada	espada	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadami	espada	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadą	espada	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadę	espada	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espado	espada	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadom	espada	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadowie	espada	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadowie	espada	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadów	espada	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadów	espada	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espady	espada	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espady	espada	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espady	espada	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadzie	espada	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadzie	espada	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
espadonach	espadon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonami	espadon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonem	espadon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadon	espadon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadon	espadon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonie	espadon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonie	espadon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonom	espadon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonowi	espadon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonów	espadon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadonu	espadon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadony	espadon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadony	espadon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadony	espadon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylach	espadryl	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylach	espadryl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryla	espadryl	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryla	espadryl	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryla	espadryl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylami	espadryl	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylami	espadryl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylem	espadryl	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylem	espadryl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryl	espadryl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryl	espadryl	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryl	espadryl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadryli	espadryl	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadryli	espadryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylom	espadryl	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylom	espadryl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylowi	espadryl	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylowi	espadryl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylu	espadryl	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylu	espadryl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylu	espadryl	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylu	espadryl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylach	espadryla	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryla	espadryla	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylami	espadryla	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylą	espadryla	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryla	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryla	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryle	espadryla	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryl	espadryla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
espadrylę	espadryla	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryli	espadryla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
espadryli	espadryla	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryli	espadryla	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadryli	espadryla	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylo	espadryla	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espadrylom	espadryla	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcecie	esparceta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcecie	esparceta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcetach	esparceta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparceta	esparceta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcetami	esparceta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcetą	esparceta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcet	esparceta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcetę	esparceta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparceto	esparceta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcetom	esparceta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcety	esparceta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcety	esparceta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcety	esparceta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcety	esparceta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esparcie	esparto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espartach	esparto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparta	esparto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparta	esparto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparta	esparto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparta	esparto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espartami	esparto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espartem	esparto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espart	esparto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparto	esparto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparto	esparto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esparto	esparto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espartom	esparto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
espartu	esparto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperalach	esperal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalami	esperal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperale	esperal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperale	esperal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperale	esperal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalem	esperal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperal	esperal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperal	esperal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperali	esperal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalom	esperal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalowi	esperal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalów	esperal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalu	esperal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalu	esperal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperalu	esperal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esperancjach	esperancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancja	esperancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancjami	esperancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancją	esperancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancje	esperancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancje	esperancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancje	esperancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancję	esperancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancji	esperancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
esperancji	esperancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancji	esperancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancji	esperancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancjo	esperancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancjom	esperancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancyj	esperancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
esperanccy	esperancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esperancka	esperancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esperancką	esperancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esperancką	esperancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esperanckich	esperancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esperanckich	esperancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esperanckich	esperancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esperanckie	esperancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esperanckie	esperancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esperanckie	esperancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esperanckie	esperancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esperanckiego	esperancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esperanckiego	esperancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esperanckiej	esperancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esperanckiej	esperancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esperanckiej	esperancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esperanckiemu	esperancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esperancki	esperancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esperancki	esperancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esperanckim	esperancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esperanckim	esperancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esperanckim	esperancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esperanckimi	esperancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esperancko	esperancki	adja		
esperancku	esperancki	adjp		
esperancko	esperancko	adv:pos		
esperanckościach	esperanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckościami	esperanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckością	esperanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckości	esperanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckościom	esperanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckość	esperanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperanckość	esperanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperancie	esperanto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantach	esperanto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanta	esperanto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanta	esperanto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanta	esperanto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanta	esperanto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantami	esperanto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantem	esperanto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperant	esperanto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperanto	esperanto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantom	esperanto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantu	esperanto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystach	esperantysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantysta	esperantysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystami	esperantysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystą	esperantysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystę	esperantysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantysto	esperantysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystom	esperantysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystów	esperantysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystów	esperantysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantysty	esperantysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantysty	esperantysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esperantysty	esperantysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantyście	esperantysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantyście	esperantysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantyści	esperantysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantyści	esperantysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystce	esperantystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystce	esperantystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystek	esperantystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystkach	esperantystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystka	esperantystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystkami	esperantystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystką	esperantystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystkę	esperantystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystki	esperantystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystki	esperantystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystki	esperantystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystki	esperantystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystko	esperantystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esperantystkom	esperantystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadach	esplanada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanada	esplanada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadami	esplanada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadą	esplanada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanad	esplanada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadę	esplanada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanado	esplanada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadom	esplanada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanady	esplanada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanady	esplanada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanady	esplanada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanady	esplanada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadzie	esplanada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esplanadzie	esplanada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
espresso	espresso	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esprit	esprit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esach	es:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esami	es:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esem	es:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
es	es:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
es	es:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esie	es:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esie	es:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esom	es:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esowi	es:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esów	es:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esu	es:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esy	es:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esy	es:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esy	es:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
es	es:s2	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
es	es:s2	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
esseńczycy	esseńczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczycy	esseńczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczykach	esseńczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyka	esseńczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyka	esseńczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczykami	esseńczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyk	esseńczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczykiem	esseńczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyki	esseńczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyki	esseńczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczykom	esseńczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczykowi	esseńczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyków	esseńczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyków	esseńczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyku	esseńczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńczyku	esseńczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esseńscy	esseński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
esseńska	esseński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
esseńską	esseński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
esseńską	esseński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
esseńskich	esseński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
esseńskich	esseński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esseńskich	esseński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esseńskie	esseński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esseńskie	esseński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
esseńskie	esseński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
esseńskie	esseński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
esseńskiego	esseński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
esseńskiego	esseński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esseńskiej	esseński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
esseńskiej	esseński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
esseńskiej	esseński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
esseńskiemu	esseński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esseński	esseński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
esseński	esseński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
esseńskim	esseński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esseńskim	esseński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esseńskim	esseński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
esseńskimi	esseński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
esseńsko	esseński	adja		
esseńsku	esseński	adjp		
esseńsko	esseńsko	adv:pos		
esseńskościach	esseńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskościami	esseńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskością	esseńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskości	esseńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskościom	esseńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskość	esseńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esseńskość	esseńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmencie	establishment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmencie	establishment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentach	establishment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentami	establishment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentem	establishment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishment	establishment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishment	establishment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentom	establishment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowi	establishment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentów	establishment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentu	establishment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmenty	establishment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmenty	establishment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmenty	establishment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowościach	establishmentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowościami	establishmentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowością	establishmentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowości	establishmentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowościom	establishmentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowość	establishmentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowość	establishmentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
establishmentowa	establishmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
establishmentową	establishmentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
establishmentową	establishmentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
establishmentowe	establishmentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
establishmentowe	establishmentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
establishmentowe	establishmentowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowe	establishmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowego	establishmentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
establishmentowego	establishmentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowej	establishmentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
establishmentowej	establishmentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
establishmentowej	establishmentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
establishmentowemu	establishmentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowi	establishmentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
establishmentowo	establishmentowy	adja		
establishmentowych	establishmentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
establishmentowych	establishmentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
establishmentowych	establishmentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
establishmentowy	establishmentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
establishmentowy	establishmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
establishmentowym	establishmentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
establishmentowym	establishmentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowym	establishmentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
establishmentowymi	establishmentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estakadach	estakada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakada	estakada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadami	estakada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadą	estakada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakad	estakada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadę	estakada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakado	estakada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadom	estakada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakady	estakada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakady	estakada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakady	estakada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakady	estakada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadzie	estakada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estakadzie	estakada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ester	ester	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ester	ester	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrach	ester	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrami	ester	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrem	ester	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrom	ester	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrowi	ester	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrów	ester	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estru	ester	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estry	ester	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estry	ester	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estry	ester	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrze	ester	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrze	ester	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
esterazach	esteraza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esteraza	esteraza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazami	esteraza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazą	esteraza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
esteraz	esteraza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazę	esteraza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazie	esteraza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazie	esteraza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazo	esteraza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazom	esteraza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazy	esteraza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazy	esteraza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazy	esteraza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
esterazy	esteraza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estecie	esteta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estecie	esteta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esteci	esteta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esteci	esteta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetach	esteta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esteta	esteta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetami	esteta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetą	esteta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetę	esteta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
esteto	esteta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetom	esteta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetów	esteta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetów	esteta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estety	esteta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estety	esteta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estety	esteta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetce	estetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetce	estetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetek	estetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetkach	estetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetka	estetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetkami	estetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetką	estetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetkę	estetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetki	estetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetki	estetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetki	estetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetki	estetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetko	estetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetkom	estetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetycznie	estetycznie	adv:pos		
estetyczniej	estetycznie	adv:com		
estetycznościach	estetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetycznościami	estetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetycznością	estetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczności	estetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetycznościom	estetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczność	estetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczność	estetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyczna	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estetyczną	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estetyczną	estetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estetyczne	estetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estetyczne	estetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estetyczne	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estetyczne	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estetycznego	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estetycznego	estetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estetycznej	estetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estetycznej	estetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estetycznej	estetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estetycznemu	estetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estetyczniejsi	estetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
estetyczniejsza	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
estetyczniejszą	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
estetyczniejszą	estetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
estetyczniejsze	estetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
estetyczniejsze	estetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
estetyczniejsze	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejsze	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejszego	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
estetyczniejszego	estetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejszej	estetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
estetyczniejszej	estetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
estetyczniejszej	estetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
estetyczniejszemu	estetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejszych	estetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
estetyczniejszych	estetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
estetyczniejszych	estetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
estetyczniejszy	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
estetyczniejszy	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
estetyczniejszym	estetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
estetyczniejszym	estetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejszym	estetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
estetyczniejszymi	estetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
estetyczni	estetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estetyczno	estetyczny	adja		
estetycznych	estetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estetycznych	estetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estetycznych	estetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estetyczny	estetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estetyczny	estetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estetycznym	estetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estetycznym	estetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estetycznym	estetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estetycznymi	estetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estetycy	estetyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetycy	estetyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetykach	estetyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyka	estetyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyka	estetyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetykami	estetyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyk	estetyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetykiem	estetyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estetykom	estetyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetykowi	estetyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyków	estetyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyków	estetyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyku	estetyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyku	estetyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estetyce	estetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyce	estetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetykach	estetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyka	estetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetykami	estetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyką	estetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyk	estetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetykę	estetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyki	estetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyko	estetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetykom	estetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacjach	estetyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacja	estetyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacjami	estetyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacją	estetyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacje	estetyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacje	estetyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacje	estetyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzację	estetyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacji	estetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
estetyzacji	estetyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacji	estetyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacji	estetyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacjo	estetyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacjom	estetyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzacyj	estetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
estetyzmach	estetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmami	estetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmem	estetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzm	estetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzm	estetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmie	estetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmie	estetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmom	estetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmowi	estetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmów	estetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmu	estetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmy	estetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmy	estetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzmy	estetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estetyzować	estetyzować	inf:imperf		
estetyzowaliby	estetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
estetyzowalibyście	estetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
estetyzowalibyśmy	estetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
estetyzowali	estetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
estetyzowali	estetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
estetyzowaliście	estetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
estetyzowaliśmy	estetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałaby	estetyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałabym	estetyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałabyś	estetyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
estetyzowała	estetyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
estetyzowała	estetyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałam	estetyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałaś	estetyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałby	estetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałbym	estetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałbyś	estetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałem	estetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
estetyzował	estetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
estetyzował	estetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałeś	estetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałoby	estetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałobym	estetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałobyś	estetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
estetyzowało	estetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
estetyzowało	estetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałom	estetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
estetyzowałoś	estetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałyby	estetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałybyście	estetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałybyśmy	estetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
estetyzowały	estetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
estetyzowały	estetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
estetyzowałyście	estetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
estetyzowałyśmy	estetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
estetyzowaniach	estetyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowania	estetyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowania	estetyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowaniami	estetyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowanie	estetyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowaniem	estetyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowaniom	estetyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowaniu	estetyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzowano	estetyzować	imps:imperf		
estetyzowań	estetyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzująca	estetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
estetyzującą	estetyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
estetyzujące	estetyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estetyzujące	estetyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzującego	estetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
estetyzującego	estetyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzującej	estetyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
estetyzującemu	estetyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzując	estetyzować	pcon:imperf		
estetyzująco	estetyzować	pacta		
estetyzujących	estetyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estetyzujących	estetyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estetyzujący	estetyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estetyzujący	estetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
estetyzujący	estetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
estetyzującym	estetyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estetyzującym	estetyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estetyzującymi	estetyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estetyzują	estetyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
estetyzujcie	estetyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
estetyzujecie	estetyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
estetyzuje	estetyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
estetyzujemy	estetyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
estetyzuj	estetyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
estetyzujesz	estetyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
estetyzuję	estetyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
estetyzujmy	estetyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
estezjologiach	estezjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologia	estezjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologiami	estezjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologią	estezjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologie	estezjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologie	estezjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologie	estezjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologię	estezjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologii	estezjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
estezjologii	estezjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologii	estezjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologii	estezjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologij	estezjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
estezjologio	estezjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjologiom	estezjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrach	estezjometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrami	estezjometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrem	estezjometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometr	estezjometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometr	estezjometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrom	estezjometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrowi	estezjometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrów	estezjometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometru	estezjometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometry	estezjometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometry	estezjometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometry	estezjometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrze	estezjometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estezjometrze	estezjometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estokadach	estokada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokada	estokada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadami	estokada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadą	estokada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokad	estokada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadę	estokada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokado	estokada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadom	estokada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokady	estokada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokady	estokada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokady	estokada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokady	estokada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadzie	estokada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estokadzie	estokada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońscy	estoński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estońska	estoński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estońską	estoński:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estońską	estoński:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estońskich	estoński:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estońskich	estoński:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estońskich	estoński:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estońskie	estoński:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estońskie	estoński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estońskie	estoński:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estońskie	estoński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estońskiego	estoński:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estońskiego	estoński:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estońskiej	estoński:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estońskiej	estoński:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estońskiej	estoński:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estońskiemu	estoński:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estoński	estoński:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estoński	estoński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estońskim	estoński:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estońskim	estoński:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estońskim	estoński:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estońskimi	estoński:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estońsko	estoński:a	adja		
estońsku	estoński:a	adjp		
estońskich	estoński:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskich	estoński:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskie	estoński:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskie	estoński:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskie	estoński:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskiego	estoński:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskiemu	estoński:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estoński	estoński:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estoński	estoński:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estoński	estoński:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskim	estoński:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskim	estoński:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskim	estoński:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońskimi	estoński:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
estońsko	estońsko	adv:pos		
estońskościach	estońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskościami	estońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskością	estońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskości	estońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskościom	estońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskość	estońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estońskość	estońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradach	estrada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrada	estrada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradami	estrada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradą	estrada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrad	estrada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradę	estrada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrado	estrada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradom	estrada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrady	estrada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrady	estrada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrady	estrada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrady	estrada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradzie	estrada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradzie	estrada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolach	estradiol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolami	estradiol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiole	estradiol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiole	estradiol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiole	estradiol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolem	estradiol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiol	estradiol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiol	estradiol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradioli	estradiol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolom	estradiol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolowi	estradiol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolu	estradiol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolu	estradiol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradiolu	estradiol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estradce	estradka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradce	estradka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradek	estradka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkach	estradka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradka	estradka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkami	estradka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradką	estradka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkę	estradka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradki	estradka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradki	estradka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradki	estradka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradki	estradka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradko	estradka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkom	estradka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowościach	estradkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowościami	estradkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowością	estradkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowości	estradkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowościom	estradkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowość	estradkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowość	estradkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradkowa	estradkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estradkową	estradkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estradkową	estradkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estradkowe	estradkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estradkowe	estradkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estradkowe	estradkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estradkowe	estradkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estradkowego	estradkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estradkowego	estradkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradkowej	estradkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estradkowej	estradkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estradkowej	estradkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estradkowemu	estradkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradkowi	estradkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estradkowo	estradkowy	adja		
estradkowych	estradkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estradkowych	estradkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradkowych	estradkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradkowy	estradkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estradkowy	estradkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estradkowym	estradkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradkowym	estradkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradkowym	estradkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradkowymi	estradkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradowcach	estradowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowca	estradowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowca	estradowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcami	estradowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowce	estradowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estradowce	estradowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcem	estradowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcom	estradowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcowi	estradowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowców	estradowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowców	estradowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcu	estradowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcu	estradowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcy	estradowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcy	estradowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowcze	estradowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowiec	estradowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
estradowościach	estradowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowościami	estradowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowością	estradowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowości	estradowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowościom	estradowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowość	estradowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowość	estradowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estradowa	estradowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estradową	estradowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estradową	estradowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estradowe	estradowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estradowe	estradowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estradowe	estradowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estradowe	estradowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estradowego	estradowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estradowego	estradowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradowej	estradowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estradowej	estradowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estradowej	estradowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estradowemu	estradowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradowi	estradowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estradowo	estradowy	adja		
estradowych	estradowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estradowych	estradowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradowych	estradowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradowy	estradowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estradowy	estradowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estradowym	estradowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estradowym	estradowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradowym	estradowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estradowymi	estradowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estragonach	estragon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonami	estragon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonem	estragon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragon	estragon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragon	estragon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonie	estragon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonie	estragon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonom	estragon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowi	estragon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonów	estragon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonu	estragon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragony	estragon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragony	estragon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragony	estragon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowościach	estragonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowościami	estragonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowością	estragonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowości	estragonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowościom	estragonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowość	estragonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowość	estragonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estragonowa	estragonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estragonową	estragonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estragonową	estragonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estragonowe	estragonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estragonowe	estragonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estragonowe	estragonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estragonowe	estragonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estragonowego	estragonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estragonowego	estragonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estragonowej	estragonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estragonowej	estragonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estragonowej	estragonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estragonowemu	estragonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estragonowi	estragonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estragonowo	estragonowy	adja		
estragonowych	estragonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estragonowych	estragonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estragonowych	estragonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estragonowy	estragonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estragonowy	estragonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estragonowym	estragonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estragonowym	estragonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estragonowym	estragonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estragonowymi	estragonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurscy	estremadurski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estremadurska	estremadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estremadurską	estremadurski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estremadurską	estremadurski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estremadurskich	estremadurski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estremadurskich	estremadurski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurskich	estremadurski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurskie	estremadurski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurskie	estremadurski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurskie	estremadurski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estremadurskie	estremadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estremadurskiego	estremadurski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estremadurskiego	estremadurski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estremadurskiej	estremadurski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estremadurskiej	estremadurski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estremadurskiej	estremadurski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estremadurskiemu	estremadurski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estremadurski	estremadurski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estremadurski	estremadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estremadurskim	estremadurski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estremadurskim	estremadurski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estremadurskim	estremadurski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estremadurskimi	estremadurski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estremadursko	estremadurski	adja		
estremadursku	estremadurski	adjp		
estremadursko	estremadursko	adv:pos		
estremadurskościach	estremadurskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskościami	estremadurskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskością	estremadurskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskości	estremadurskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskościom	estremadurskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskość	estremadurskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estremadurskość	estremadurskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estriolach	estriol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolami	estriol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriole	estriol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriole	estriol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriole	estriol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolem	estriol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriol	estriol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriol	estriol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrioli	estriol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolom	estriol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolowi	estriol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolu	estriol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolu	estriol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estriolu	estriol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenach	estrogen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenami	estrogen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenem	estrogen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogen	estrogen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogen	estrogen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenie	estrogen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenie	estrogen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenom	estrogen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowi	estrogen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenów	estrogen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenu	estrogen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogeny	estrogen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogeny	estrogen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogeny	estrogen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowościach	estrogenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowościami	estrogenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowością	estrogenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowości	estrogenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowościom	estrogenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowość	estrogenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowość	estrogenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrogenowa	estrogenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estrogenową	estrogenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estrogenową	estrogenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estrogenowe	estrogenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estrogenowe	estrogenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estrogenowe	estrogenowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowe	estrogenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowego	estrogenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estrogenowego	estrogenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowej	estrogenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estrogenowej	estrogenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estrogenowej	estrogenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estrogenowemu	estrogenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowi	estrogenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estrogenowo	estrogenowy	adja		
estrogenowych	estrogenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estrogenowych	estrogenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrogenowych	estrogenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrogenowy	estrogenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estrogenowy	estrogenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estrogenowym	estrogenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrogenowym	estrogenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowym	estrogenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrogenowymi	estrogenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estronach	estron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronami	estron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronem	estron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estron	estron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estron	estron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronie	estron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronie	estron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronom	estron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronowi	estron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronów	estron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estronu	estron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrony	estron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrony	estron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrony	estron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
estrowościach	estrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowościami	estrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowością	estrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowości	estrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowościom	estrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowość	estrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowość	estrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estrowa	estrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
estrową	estrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
estrową	estrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
estrowe	estrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estrowe	estrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
estrowe	estrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
estrowe	estrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
estrowego	estrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
estrowego	estrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrowej	estrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
estrowej	estrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
estrowej	estrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
estrowemu	estrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrowi	estrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
estrowo	estrowy	adja		
estrowych	estrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
estrowych	estrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrowych	estrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrowy	estrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
estrowy	estrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
estrowym	estrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estrowym	estrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrowym	estrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
estrowymi	estrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
estryfikacjach	estryfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacja	estryfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacjami	estryfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacją	estryfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacje	estryfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacje	estryfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacje	estryfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikację	estryfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacji	estryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
estryfikacji	estryfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacji	estryfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacji	estryfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacjo	estryfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacjom	estryfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estryfikacyj	estryfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
estryfikować	estryfikować	inf:imperf		
estryfikowaliby	estryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
estryfikowalibyście	estryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
estryfikowalibyśmy	estryfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
estryfikowali	estryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
estryfikowali	estryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
estryfikowaliście	estryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
estryfikowaliśmy	estryfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałaby	estryfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałabym	estryfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałabyś	estryfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
estryfikowała	estryfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
estryfikowała	estryfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałam	estryfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałaś	estryfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałby	estryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałbym	estryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałbyś	estryfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałem	estryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
estryfikował	estryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
estryfikował	estryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałeś	estryfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałoby	estryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałobym	estryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałobyś	estryfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
estryfikowało	estryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
estryfikowało	estryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałom	estryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
estryfikowałoś	estryfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałyby	estryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałybyście	estryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałybyśmy	estryfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
estryfikowały	estryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
estryfikowały	estryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
estryfikowałyście	estryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
estryfikowałyśmy	estryfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
estryfikowana	estryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaną	estryfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikowane	estryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowane	estryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanego	estryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanego	estryfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanej	estryfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanemu	estryfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaniach	estryfikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowania	estryfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowania	estryfikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaniami	estryfikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanie	estryfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaniem	estryfikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowani	estryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaniom	estryfikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowaniu	estryfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowano	estryfikować	imps:imperf		
estryfikowanych	estryfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanych	estryfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowany	estryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowany	estryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanym	estryfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanym	estryfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikowanymi	estryfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikowań	estryfikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikująca	estryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikującą	estryfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikujące	estryfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikujące	estryfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikującego	estryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
estryfikującego	estryfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikującej	estryfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
estryfikującemu	estryfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikując	estryfikować	pcon:imperf		
estryfikująco	estryfikować	pacta		
estryfikujących	estryfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estryfikujących	estryfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikujący	estryfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estryfikujący	estryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
estryfikujący	estryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
estryfikującym	estryfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikującym	estryfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estryfikującymi	estryfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estryfikują	estryfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
estryfikujcie	estryfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
estryfikujecie	estryfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
estryfikuje	estryfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
estryfikujemy	estryfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
estryfikuj	estryfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
estryfikujesz	estryfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
estryfikuję	estryfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
estryfikujmy	estryfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
estuariach	estuarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuaria	estuarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuaria	estuarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuaria	estuarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuariami	estuarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuariom	estuarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuariów	estuarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estuarium	estuarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
estymach	estyma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estyma	estyma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymami	estyma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymą	estyma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estym	estyma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymę	estyma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymie	estyma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymie	estyma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymo	estyma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymom	estyma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymy	estyma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymy	estyma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymy	estyma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymy	estyma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
estymacjach	estymacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacja	estymacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacjami	estymacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacją	estymacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacje	estymacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacje	estymacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacje	estymacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymację	estymacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacji	estymacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
estymacji	estymacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacji	estymacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacji	estymacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacjo	estymacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacjom	estymacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymacyj	estymacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
estymatorach	estymator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatora	estymator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatora	estymator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorami	estymator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorem	estymator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymator	estymator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorom	estymator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorowi	estymator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorów	estymator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorów	estymator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatory	estymator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatory	estymator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorze	estymator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorze	estymator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorzy	estymator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorzy	estymator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorce	estymatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorce	estymatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorek	estymatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorkach	estymatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorka	estymatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorkami	estymatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorką	estymatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorkę	estymatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorki	estymatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorki	estymatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorki	estymatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorki	estymatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorko	estymatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymatorkom	estymatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
estymować	estymować	inf:imperf		daw.
estymowaliby	estymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowalibyście	estymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowalibyśmy	estymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowali	estymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
estymowali	estymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowaliście	estymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowaliśmy	estymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałaby	estymować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałabym	estymować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałabyś	estymować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowała	estymować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
estymowała	estymować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałam	estymować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałaś	estymować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałby	estymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałbym	estymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałbyś	estymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałem	estymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
estymował	estymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
estymował	estymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałeś	estymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałoby	estymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałobym	estymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałobyś	estymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowało	estymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
estymowało	estymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałom	estymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowałoś	estymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałyby	estymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałybyście	estymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałybyśmy	estymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowały	estymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
estymowały	estymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
estymowałyście	estymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
estymowałyśmy	estymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
estymowana	estymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
estymowaną	estymować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
estymowane	estymować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymowane	estymować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymowanego	estymować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
estymowanego	estymować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymowanej	estymować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
estymowanemu	estymować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymowaniach	estymować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowania	estymować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowania	estymować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowaniami	estymować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowanie	estymować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowaniem	estymować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowani	estymować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estymowaniom	estymować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowaniu	estymować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
estymowano	estymować	imps:imperf		daw.
estymowanych	estymować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estymowanych	estymować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymowany	estymować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
estymowany	estymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
estymowanym	estymować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymowanym	estymować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymowanymi	estymować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymowań	estymować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
estymująca	estymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
estymującą	estymować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
estymujące	estymować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymujące	estymować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymującego	estymować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
estymującego	estymować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymującej	estymować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
estymującemu	estymować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymując	estymować	pcon:imperf		daw.
estymująco	estymować	pacta		
estymujących	estymować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estymujących	estymować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymujący	estymować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
estymujący	estymować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
estymujący	estymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
estymującym	estymować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymującym	estymować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
estymującymi	estymować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
estymują	estymować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
estymujcie	estymować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
estymujecie	estymować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
estymuje	estymować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
estymujemy	estymować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
estymuj	estymować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
estymujesz	estymować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
estymuję	estymować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
estymujmy	estymować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
estywacjach	estywacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacja	estywacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacjami	estywacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacją	estywacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacje	estywacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacje	estywacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacje	estywacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywację	estywacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacji	estywacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
estywacji	estywacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacji	estywacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacji	estywacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacjo	estywacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacjom	estywacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
estywacyj	estywacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eszelonach	eszelon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonami	eszelon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonem	eszelon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelon	eszelon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelon	eszelon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonie	eszelon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonie	eszelon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonom	eszelon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonowi	eszelon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonów	eszelon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonu	eszelon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelony	eszelon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelony	eszelon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelony	eszelon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eszelonować	eszelonować	inf:imperf		
eszelonowaliby	eszelonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eszelonowalibyście	eszelonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eszelonowalibyśmy	eszelonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eszelonowali	eszelonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eszelonowali	eszelonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eszelonowaliście	eszelonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eszelonowaliśmy	eszelonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałaby	eszelonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałabym	eszelonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałabyś	eszelonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eszelonowała	eszelonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eszelonowała	eszelonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałam	eszelonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałaś	eszelonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałby	eszelonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałbym	eszelonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałbyś	eszelonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałem	eszelonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eszelonował	eszelonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eszelonował	eszelonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałeś	eszelonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałoby	eszelonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałobym	eszelonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałobyś	eszelonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eszelonowało	eszelonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eszelonowało	eszelonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałom	eszelonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eszelonowałoś	eszelonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałyby	eszelonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałybyście	eszelonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałybyśmy	eszelonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eszelonowały	eszelonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eszelonowały	eszelonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eszelonowałyście	eszelonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eszelonowałyśmy	eszelonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eszelonowana	eszelonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaną	eszelonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonowane	eszelonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowane	eszelonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanego	eszelonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanego	eszelonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanej	eszelonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanemu	eszelonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaniach	eszelonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowania	eszelonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowania	eszelonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaniami	eszelonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanie	eszelonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaniem	eszelonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowani	eszelonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaniom	eszelonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowaniu	eszelonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowano	eszelonować	imps:imperf		
eszelonowanych	eszelonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanych	eszelonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowany	eszelonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowany	eszelonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanym	eszelonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanym	eszelonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonowanymi	eszelonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonowań	eszelonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonująca	eszelonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonującą	eszelonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonujące	eszelonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonujące	eszelonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonującego	eszelonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eszelonującego	eszelonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonującej	eszelonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eszelonującemu	eszelonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonując	eszelonować	pcon:imperf		
eszelonująco	eszelonować	pacta		
eszelonujących	eszelonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eszelonujących	eszelonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonujący	eszelonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eszelonujący	eszelonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eszelonujący	eszelonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eszelonującym	eszelonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonującym	eszelonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eszelonującymi	eszelonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eszelonują	eszelonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eszelonujcie	eszelonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eszelonujecie	eszelonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eszelonuje	eszelonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eszelonujemy	eszelonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eszelonuj	eszelonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eszelonujesz	eszelonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eszelonuję	eszelonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eszelonujmy	eszelonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eszeweriach	eszeweria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszeweria	eszeweria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszeweriami	eszeweria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerią	eszeweria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerie	eszeweria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerie	eszeweria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerie	eszeweria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerię	eszeweria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerii	eszeweria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eszewerii	eszeweria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerii	eszeweria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerii	eszeweria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszewerio	eszeweria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszeweriom	eszeweria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszeweryj	eszeweria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eszolcjach	eszolcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcja	eszolcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcjami	eszolcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcją	eszolcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcje	eszolcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcje	eszolcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcje	eszolcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcję	eszolcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcji	eszolcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eszolcji	eszolcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcji	eszolcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcji	eszolcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcjo	eszolcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcjom	eszolcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eszolcyj	eszolcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eś	eś	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eś	eś	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
et	et	interj		
ecie	eta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ecie	eta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etach	eta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eta	eta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etami	eta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etą	eta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
et	eta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etę	eta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eto	eta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etom	eta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ety	eta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ety	eta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ety	eta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ety	eta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etacikach	etacik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacikami	etacik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacik	etacik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacik	etacik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacikiem	etacik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciki	etacik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciki	etacik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciki	etacik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacikom	etacik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacikowi	etacik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacików	etacik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciku	etacik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciku	etacik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaciku	etacik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonach	etalon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonami	etalon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonem	etalon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalon	etalon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalon	etalon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonie	etalon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonie	etalon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonom	etalon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonowi	etalon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonów	etalon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalonu	etalon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalony	etalon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalony	etalon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etalony	etalon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaminach	etamina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etamina	etamina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminami	etamina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminą	etamina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etamin	etamina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminę	etamina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminie	etamina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminie	etamina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etamino	etamina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminom	etamina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminy	etamina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminy	etamina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminy	etamina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminy	etamina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowościach	etaminowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowościami	etaminowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowością	etaminowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowości	etaminowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowościom	etaminowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowość	etaminowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowość	etaminowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etaminowa	etaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etaminową	etaminowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etaminową	etaminowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etaminowe	etaminowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etaminowe	etaminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etaminowe	etaminowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etaminowe	etaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etaminowego	etaminowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etaminowego	etaminowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etaminowej	etaminowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etaminowej	etaminowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etaminowej	etaminowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etaminowemu	etaminowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etaminowi	etaminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etaminowo	etaminowy	adja		
etaminowych	etaminowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etaminowych	etaminowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etaminowych	etaminowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etaminowy	etaminowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etaminowy	etaminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etaminowym	etaminowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etaminowym	etaminowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etaminowym	etaminowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etaminowymi	etaminowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etanach	etan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanami	etan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanem	etan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etan	etan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etan	etan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanie	etan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanie	etan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanom	etan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanowi	etan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanów	etan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanu	etan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etany	etan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etany	etan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etany	etan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalach	etanal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalami	etanal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanale	etanal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanale	etanal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanale	etanal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalem	etanal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanal	etanal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanal	etanal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanali	etanal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalom	etanal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalowi	etanal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalu	etanal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalu	etanal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanalu	etanal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolach	etanol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolami	etanol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanole	etanol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanole	etanol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanole	etanol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolem	etanol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanol	etanol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanol	etanol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanoli	etanol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolom	etanol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolowi	etanol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolów	etanol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolu	etanol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolu	etanol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etanolu	etanol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapach	etap	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapami	etap	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapem	etap	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etap	etap	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etap	etap	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapie	etap	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapie	etap	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapom	etap	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapowi	etap	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapów	etap	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapu	etap	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapy	etap	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapy	etap	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapy	etap	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacjach	etapizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacja	etapizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacjami	etapizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacją	etapizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacje	etapizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacje	etapizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacje	etapizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizację	etapizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacji	etapizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etapizacji	etapizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacji	etapizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacji	etapizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacjo	etapizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacjom	etapizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapizacyj	etapizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etapować	etapować	inf:imperf		przest.
etapowaliby	etapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowalibyście	etapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowalibyśmy	etapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowali	etapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
etapowali	etapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowaliście	etapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowaliśmy	etapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałaby	etapować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałabym	etapować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałabyś	etapować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowała	etapować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
etapowała	etapować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałam	etapować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałaś	etapować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowałby	etapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałbym	etapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałbyś	etapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowałem	etapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałeś	etapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
etapował	etapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
etapował	etapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałoby	etapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałobym	etapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałobyś	etapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowało	etapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
etapowało	etapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałom	etapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowałoś	etapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowałyby	etapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałybyście	etapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowałybyśmy	etapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowały	etapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
etapowały	etapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
etapowałyście	etapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
etapowałyśmy	etapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowana	etapować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etapowaną	etapować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etapowane	etapować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapowane	etapować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapowanego	etapować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etapowanego	etapować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapowanej	etapować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etapowanemu	etapować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapowaniach	etapować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowania	etapować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowania	etapować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowaniami	etapować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowanie	etapować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowaniem	etapować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowani	etapować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etapowaniom	etapować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowaniu	etapować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etapowano	etapować	imps:imperf		przest.
etapowanych	etapować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etapowanych	etapować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapowany	etapować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etapowany	etapować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etapowanym	etapować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapowanym	etapować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapowanymi	etapować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapowań	etapować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etapująca	etapować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etapującą	etapować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etapujące	etapować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapujące	etapować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapującego	etapować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etapującego	etapować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapującej	etapować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etapującemu	etapować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapując	etapować	pcon:imperf		przest.
etapująco	etapować	pacta		
etapujących	etapować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etapujących	etapować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapujący	etapować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etapujący	etapować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etapujący	etapować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etapującym	etapować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapującym	etapować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etapującymi	etapować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etapują	etapować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
etapujcie	etapować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
etapujecie	etapować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
etapuje	etapować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
etapujemy	etapować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
etapujesz	etapować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
etapuj	etapować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
etapuję	etapować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
etapujmy	etapować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
etapowo	etapowo	adv:pos		
etapowościach	etapowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowościami	etapowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowością	etapowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowości	etapowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowościom	etapowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowość	etapowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowość	etapowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapowa	etapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etapową	etapowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etapową	etapowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etapowe	etapowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etapowe	etapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etapowe	etapowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etapowe	etapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etapowego	etapowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etapowego	etapowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etapowej	etapowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etapowej	etapowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etapowej	etapowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etapowemu	etapowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etapowi	etapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etapowo	etapowy	adja		
etapowych	etapowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etapowych	etapowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etapowych	etapowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etapowy	etapowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etapowy	etapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etapowym	etapowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etapowym	etapowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etapowym	etapowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etapowymi	etapowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etapówce	etapówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówce	etapówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówek	etapówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówkach	etapówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówka	etapówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówkami	etapówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówką	etapówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówkę	etapówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówki	etapówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówki	etapówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówki	etapówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówki	etapówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówko	etapówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etapówkom	etapówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etacie	etat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etacie	etat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatach	etat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatami	etat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatem	etat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etat	etat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etat	etat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatom	etat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatowi	etat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatów	etat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatu	etat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaty	etat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaty	etat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etaty	etat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatowcach	etatowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowca	etatowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowca	etatowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcami	etatowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowce	etatowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowce	etatowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcem	etatowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcom	etatowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcowi	etatowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowców	etatowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowców	etatowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcu	etatowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcu	etatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcy	etatowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcy	etatowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowcze	etatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowiec	etatowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
etatowo	etatowo	adv:pos		
etatowościach	etatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowościami	etatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowością	etatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowości	etatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowościom	etatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowość	etatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowość	etatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatowa	etatowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etatową	etatowy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etatową	etatowy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etatowe	etatowy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etatowe	etatowy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etatowe	etatowy:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etatowe	etatowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etatowego	etatowy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etatowego	etatowy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatowej	etatowy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etatowej	etatowy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etatowej	etatowy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etatowemu	etatowy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatowi	etatowy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etatowo	etatowy:a	adja		
etatowych	etatowy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etatowych	etatowy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatowych	etatowy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatowy	etatowy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etatowy	etatowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etatowym	etatowy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatowym	etatowy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatowym	etatowy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatowymi	etatowy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatowe	etatowy:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etatowe	etatowy:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etatowego	etatowy:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowego	etatowy:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowemu	etatowy:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowi	etatowy:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowi	etatowy:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowych	etatowy:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowych	etatowy:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowych	etatowy:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowy	etatowy:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowy	etatowy:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowym	etatowy:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowym	etatowy:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowym	etatowy:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatowymi	etatowy:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etatystycznościach	etatystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystycznościami	etatystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystycznością	etatystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczności	etatystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystycznościom	etatystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczność	etatystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczność	etatystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatystyczna	etatystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etatystyczną	etatystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etatystyczną	etatystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etatystyczne	etatystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etatystyczne	etatystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etatystyczne	etatystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etatystyczne	etatystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etatystycznego	etatystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etatystycznego	etatystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatystycznej	etatystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etatystycznej	etatystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etatystycznej	etatystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etatystycznemu	etatystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatystyczni	etatystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etatystyczno	etatystyczny	adja		
etatystycznych	etatystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etatystycznych	etatystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatystycznych	etatystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatystyczny	etatystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etatystyczny	etatystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etatystycznym	etatystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatystycznym	etatystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatystycznym	etatystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etatystycznymi	etatystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etatyzacjach	etatyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacja	etatyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacjami	etatyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacją	etatyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacje	etatyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacje	etatyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacje	etatyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzację	etatyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacji	etatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etatyzacji	etatyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacji	etatyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacji	etatyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacjo	etatyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacjom	etatyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzacyj	etatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etatyzmach	etatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmami	etatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmem	etatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzm	etatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzm	etatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmie	etatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmie	etatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmom	etatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmowi	etatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmów	etatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmu	etatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmy	etatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmy	etatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzmy	etatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etatyzować	etatyzować	inf:imperf		
etatyzowaliby	etatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etatyzowalibyście	etatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etatyzowalibyśmy	etatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etatyzowali	etatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
etatyzowali	etatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etatyzowaliście	etatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etatyzowaliśmy	etatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałaby	etatyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałabym	etatyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałabyś	etatyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etatyzowała	etatyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
etatyzowała	etatyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałam	etatyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałaś	etatyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etatyzowałby	etatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałbym	etatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałbyś	etatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etatyzowałem	etatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałeś	etatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etatyzował	etatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
etatyzował	etatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałoby	etatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałobym	etatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałobyś	etatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etatyzowało	etatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
etatyzowało	etatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałom	etatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etatyzowałoś	etatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etatyzowałyby	etatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałybyście	etatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etatyzowałybyśmy	etatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etatyzowały	etatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
etatyzowały	etatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etatyzowałyście	etatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etatyzowałyśmy	etatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etatyzowana	etatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaną	etatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzowane	etatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowane	etatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanego	etatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanego	etatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanej	etatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanemu	etatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaniach	etatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowania	etatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowania	etatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaniami	etatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanie	etatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaniem	etatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowani	etatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaniom	etatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowaniu	etatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowano	etatyzować	imps:imperf		
etatyzowanych	etatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanych	etatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowany	etatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowany	etatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanym	etatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanym	etatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzowanymi	etatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzowań	etatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzująca	etatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzującą	etatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzujące	etatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzujące	etatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzującego	etatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etatyzującego	etatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzującej	etatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etatyzującemu	etatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzując	etatyzować	pcon:imperf		
etatyzująco	etatyzować	pacta		
etatyzujących	etatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etatyzujących	etatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzujący	etatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etatyzujący	etatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etatyzujący	etatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etatyzującym	etatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzującym	etatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etatyzującymi	etatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etatyzują	etatyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
etatyzujcie	etatyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
etatyzujecie	etatyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
etatyzuje	etatyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
etatyzujemy	etatyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
etatyzujesz	etatyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
etatyzuj	etatyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
etatyzuję	etatyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
etatyzujmy	etatyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
etażerce	etażerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerce	etażerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerek	etażerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerkach	etażerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerka	etażerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerkami	etażerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerką	etażerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerkę	etażerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerki	etażerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerki	etażerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerki	etażerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerki	etażerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerko	etażerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażerkom	etażerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowa	etażowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowa	etażowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażową	etażowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażową	etażowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowe	etażowa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowe	etażowa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowe	etażowa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowej	etażowa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowej	etażowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowej	etażowa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowych	etażowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowych	etażowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowym	etażowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowymi	etażowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowościach	etażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowościami	etażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowością	etażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowości	etażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowościom	etażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowość	etażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowość	etażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etażowa	etażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etażową	etażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etażową	etażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etażowe	etażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etażowe	etażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etażowe	etażowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etażowe	etażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etażowego	etażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etażowego	etażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etażowej	etażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etażowej	etażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etażowej	etażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etażowemu	etażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etażowi	etażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etażowo	etażowy	adja		
etażowych	etażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etażowych	etażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etażowych	etażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etażowy	etażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etażowy	etażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etażowym	etażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etażowym	etażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etażowym	etażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etażowymi	etażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etc	et_cetera	brev:pun		
etenach	eten	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenami	eten	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenem	eten	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eten	eten	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eten	eten	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenie	eten	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenie	eten	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenom	eten	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenowi	eten	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenów	eten	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etenu	eten	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eteny	eten	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eteny	eten	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eteny	eten	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterach	eter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterami	eter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterem	eter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eter	eter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eter	eter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterom	eter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterowi	eter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterów	eter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eteru	eter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etery	eter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etery	eter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etery	eter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterze	eter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eterze	eter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternalnościach	eternalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalnościami	eternalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalnością	eternalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalności	eternalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalnościom	eternalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalność	eternalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalność	eternalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternalna	eternalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eternalną	eternalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eternalną	eternalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eternalne	eternalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eternalne	eternalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eternalne	eternalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eternalne	eternalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eternalnego	eternalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eternalnego	eternalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternalnej	eternalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eternalnej	eternalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eternalnej	eternalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eternalnemu	eternalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternalni	eternalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eternalno	eternalny	adja		
eternalnych	eternalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eternalnych	eternalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternalnych	eternalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternalny	eternalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eternalny	eternalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eternalnym	eternalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternalnym	eternalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternalnym	eternalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternalnymi	eternalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternie	eternie	adv:pos		przest.
eternicie	eternit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternicie	eternit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitach	eternit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitami	eternit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitem	eternit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternit	eternit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternit	eternit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitom	eternit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowi	eternit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitów	eternit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitu	eternit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternity	eternit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternity	eternit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternity	eternit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowościach	eternitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowościami	eternitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowością	eternitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowości	eternitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowościom	eternitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowość	eternitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowość	eternitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eternitowa	eternitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eternitową	eternitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eternitową	eternitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eternitowe	eternitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eternitowe	eternitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eternitowe	eternitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eternitowe	eternitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eternitowego	eternitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eternitowego	eternitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternitowej	eternitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eternitowej	eternitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eternitowej	eternitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eternitowemu	eternitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternitowi	eternitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eternitowo	eternitowy	adja		
eternitowych	eternitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eternitowych	eternitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternitowych	eternitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternitowy	eternitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eternitowy	eternitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eternitowym	eternitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternitowym	eternitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternitowym	eternitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eternitowymi	eternitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eternościach	eterność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eternościami	eterność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eternością	eterność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterności	eterność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eternościom	eterność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterność	eterność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterność	eterność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
eterna	eterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
eterną	eterny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
eterną	eterny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
eterne	eterny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eterne	eterny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eterne	eterny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
eterne	eterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
eternego	eterny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
eternego	eterny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
eternej	eterny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
eternej	eterny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
eternej	eterny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
eternemu	eterny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
eterni	eterny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
eterno	eterny	adja		przest.
eternych	eterny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
eternych	eterny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eternych	eterny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eterny	eterny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
eterny	eterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
eternym	eterny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eternym	eterny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
eternym	eterny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
eternymi	eterny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
eteromaniach	eteromania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromania	eteromania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromaniami	eteromania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanią	eteromania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanie	eteromania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanie	eteromania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanie	eteromania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanię	eteromania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanii	eteromania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eteromanii	eteromania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanii	eteromania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanii	eteromania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromanij	eteromania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eteromanio	eteromania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteromaniom	eteromania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowościach	eterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowościami	eterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowością	eterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowości	eterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowościom	eterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowość	eterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowość	eterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterowa	eterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eterową	eterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eterową	eterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eterowe	eterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eterowe	eterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eterowe	eterowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eterowe	eterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eterowego	eterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eterowego	eterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterowej	eterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eterowej	eterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eterowej	eterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eterowemu	eterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterowi	eterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eterowo	eterowy	adja		
eterowych	eterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eterowych	eterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterowych	eterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterowy	eterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eterowy	eterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eterowym	eterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterowym	eterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterowym	eterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterowymi	eterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterycznie	eterycznie	adv:pos		
eterycznościach	eteryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterycznościami	eteryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterycznością	eteryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczności	eteryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eterycznościom	eteryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczność	eteryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczność	eteryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eteryczna	eteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eteryczną	eteryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eteryczną	eteryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eteryczne	eteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eteryczne	eteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eteryczne	eteryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eteryczne	eteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eterycznego	eteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eterycznego	eteryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterycznej	eteryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eterycznej	eteryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eterycznej	eteryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eterycznemu	eteryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eteryczni	eteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eteryczno	eteryczny	adja		
eterycznych	eteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eterycznych	eteryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterycznych	eteryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eteryczny	eteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eteryczny	eteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eterycznym	eteryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eterycznym	eteryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterycznym	eteryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eterycznymi	eteryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etezjach	etezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezja	etezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezjami	etezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezją	etezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezje	etezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezje	etezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezje	etezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezję	etezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezji	etezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|meteor.
etezji	etezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezji	etezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezji	etezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezjo	etezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezjom	etezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
etezyj	etezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|meteor.
etezyjscy	etezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etezyjska	etezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etezyjską	etezyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etezyjską	etezyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etezyjskich	etezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etezyjskich	etezyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjskich	etezyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjskie	etezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjskie	etezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjskie	etezyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etezyjskie	etezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etezyjskiego	etezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etezyjskiego	etezyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etezyjskiej	etezyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etezyjskiej	etezyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etezyjskiej	etezyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etezyjskiemu	etezyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etezyjski	etezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etezyjski	etezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etezyjskim	etezyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjskim	etezyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etezyjskim	etezyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etezyjskimi	etezyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etezyjsko	etezyjski	adja		
etezyjsku	etezyjski	adjp		
etezyjsko	etezyjsko	adv:pos		
etezyjskościach	etezyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskościami	etezyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskością	etezyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskości	etezyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskościom	etezyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskość	etezyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etezyjskość	etezyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ethosach	ethos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosami	ethos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosem	ethos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethos	ethos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethos	ethos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosie	ethos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosie	ethos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosom	ethos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosowi	ethos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosów	ethos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosu	ethos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosy	ethos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosy	ethos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ethosy	ethos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacjach	etiolacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacja	etiolacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacjami	etiolacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacją	etiolacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacje	etiolacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacje	etiolacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacje	etiolacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolację	etiolacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacji	etiolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etiolacji	etiolacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacji	etiolacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacji	etiolacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacjo	etiolacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacjom	etiolacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolacyj	etiolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etiolizacjach	etiolizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacja	etiolizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacjami	etiolizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacją	etiolizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacje	etiolizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacje	etiolizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacje	etiolizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizację	etiolizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacji	etiolizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etiolizacji	etiolizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacji	etiolizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacji	etiolizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacjo	etiolizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacjom	etiolizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiolizacyj	etiolizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etiolodzy	etiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiolodzy	etiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologach	etiolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologa	etiolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologa	etiolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologami	etiolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiolog	etiolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiem	etiolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologi	etiolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etiologi	etiolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etiologom	etiolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologowie	etiolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologowie	etiolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologowi	etiolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologów	etiolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologów	etiolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologu	etiolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologu	etiolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiach	etiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologia	etiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiami	etiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologią	etiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologie	etiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologie	etiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologie	etiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologię	etiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologii	etiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etiologii	etiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologii	etiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologii	etiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologij	etiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etiologio	etiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiom	etiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologicznie	etiologicznie	adv:pos		
etiologicznościach	etiologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologicznościami	etiologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologicznością	etiologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczności	etiologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologicznościom	etiologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczność	etiologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczność	etiologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiologiczna	etiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etiologiczną	etiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etiologiczną	etiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etiologiczne	etiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiologiczne	etiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiologiczne	etiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etiologiczne	etiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etiologicznego	etiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etiologicznego	etiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiologicznej	etiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etiologicznej	etiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etiologicznej	etiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etiologicznemu	etiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiologiczni	etiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etiologiczno	etiologiczny	adja		
etiologicznych	etiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etiologicznych	etiologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiologicznych	etiologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiologiczny	etiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etiologiczny	etiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etiologicznym	etiologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiologicznym	etiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiologicznym	etiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiologicznymi	etiologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistach	etiopista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopista	etiopista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistami	etiopista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistą	etiopista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistę	etiopista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopisto	etiopista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistom	etiopista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistów	etiopista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistów	etiopista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopisty	etiopista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etiopisty	etiopista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etiopisty	etiopista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopiście	etiopista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopiście	etiopista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopiści	etiopista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopiści	etiopista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistycznościach	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistycznościami	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistycznością	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczności	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistycznościom	etiopistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczność	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczność	etiopistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyczna	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etiopistyczną	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etiopistyczną	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etiopistyczne	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistyczne	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistyczne	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etiopistyczne	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etiopistycznego	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etiopistycznego	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopistycznej	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etiopistycznej	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etiopistycznej	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etiopistycznemu	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopistyczni	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etiopistyczno	etiopistyczny	adja		
etiopistycznych	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etiopistycznych	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistycznych	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistyczny	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etiopistyczny	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etiopistycznym	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistycznym	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopistycznym	etiopistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopistycznymi	etiopistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopistyce	etiopistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyce	etiopistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistykach	etiopistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyka	etiopistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistykami	etiopistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyką	etiopistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyk	etiopistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistykę	etiopistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyki	etiopistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyki	etiopistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyki	etiopistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyki	etiopistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistyko	etiopistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopistykom	etiopistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopscy	etiopski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etiopska	etiopski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etiopską	etiopski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etiopską	etiopski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etiopskich	etiopski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etiopskich	etiopski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopskich	etiopski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopskie	etiopski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiopskie	etiopski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etiopskie	etiopski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etiopskie	etiopski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etiopskiego	etiopski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etiopskiego	etiopski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopskiej	etiopski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etiopskiej	etiopski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etiopskiej	etiopski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etiopskiemu	etiopski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopski	etiopski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etiopski	etiopski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etiopskim	etiopski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopskim	etiopski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopskim	etiopski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etiopskimi	etiopski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etiopsko	etiopski	adja		
etiopsku	etiopski	adjp		
etiopsko	etiopsko	adv:pos		
etiopskościach	etiopskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskościami	etiopskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskością	etiopskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskości	etiopskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskościom	etiopskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskość	etiopskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiopskość	etiopskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudach	etiud	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudami	etiud	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudem	etiud	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiud	etiud	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiud	etiud	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudom	etiud	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudowi	etiud	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudów	etiud	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudu	etiud	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudy	etiud	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudy	etiud	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudy	etiud	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudzie	etiud	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudzie	etiud	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
etiudach	etiuda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiuda	etiuda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudami	etiuda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudą	etiuda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiud	etiuda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudę	etiuda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudo	etiuda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudom	etiuda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudy	etiuda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudy	etiuda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudy	etiuda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudy	etiuda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudzie	etiuda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etiudzie	etiuda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchach	etnarcha	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarcha	etnarcha	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchami	etnarcha	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchą	etnarcha	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchę	etnarcha	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarcho	etnarcha	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchom	etnarcha	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchowie	etnarcha	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchowie	etnarcha	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchów	etnarcha	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchów	etnarcha	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchy	etnarcha	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchy	etnarcha	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchy	etnarcha	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarsze	etnarcha	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarsze	etnarcha	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchiach	etnarchia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchia	etnarchia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchiami	etnarchia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchią	etnarchia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchie	etnarchia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchie	etnarchia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchie	etnarchia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchię	etnarchia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchii	etnarchia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnarchii	etnarchia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchii	etnarchia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchii	etnarchia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchij	etnarchia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnarchio	etnarchia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnarchiom	etnarchia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnicznie	etnicznie	adv:pos		
etnicznościach	etniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnicznościami	etniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnicznością	etniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczności	etniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnicznościom	etniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczność	etniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczność	etniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etniczna	etniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etniczną	etniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etniczną	etniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etniczne	etniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etniczne	etniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etniczne	etniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etniczne	etniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etnicznego	etniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etnicznego	etniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnicznej	etniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etnicznej	etniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etnicznej	etniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etnicznemu	etniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etniczni	etniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etniczno	etniczny	adja		
etnicznych	etniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etnicznych	etniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnicznych	etniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etniczny	etniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etniczny	etniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etnicznym	etniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnicznym	etniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnicznym	etniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnicznymi	etniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentrycznie	etnocentrycznie	adv:pos		
etnocentrycznościach	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentrycznościami	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentrycznością	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczności	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentrycznościom	etnocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczność	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczność	etnocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryczna	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etnocentryczną	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etnocentryczną	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etnocentryczne	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentryczne	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentryczne	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etnocentryczne	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etnocentrycznego	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etnocentrycznego	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnocentrycznej	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etnocentrycznej	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etnocentrycznej	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etnocentrycznemu	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnocentryczni	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etnocentryczno	etnocentryczny	adja		
etnocentrycznych	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etnocentrycznych	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentrycznych	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentryczny	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etnocentryczny	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etnocentrycznym	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentrycznym	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnocentrycznym	etnocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnocentrycznymi	etnocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnocentryzmach	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmami	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmem	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzm	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzm	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmie	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmie	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmom	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmowi	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmów	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmu	etnocentryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmy	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmy	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnocentryzmy	etnocentryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezach	etnogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogeneza	etnogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezami	etnogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezą	etnogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenez	etnogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezę	etnogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezie	etnogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezie	etnogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezo	etnogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezom	etnogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezy	etnogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezy	etnogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezy	etnogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenezy	etnogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogeniach	etnogenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenia	etnogenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogeniami	etnogenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenią	etnogenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenie	etnogenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenie	etnogenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenie	etnogenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenię	etnogenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenii	etnogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnogenii	etnogenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenii	etnogenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenii	etnogenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogenij	etnogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnogenio	etnogenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnogeniom	etnogenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografach	etnograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografa	etnograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografa	etnograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografami	etnograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografem	etnograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnograf	etnograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografie	etnograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografie	etnograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografom	etnograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografowie	etnograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografowie	etnograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografowi	etnograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografów	etnograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografów	etnograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnografy	etnograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnografy	etnograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnografiach	etnografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografia	etnografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografiami	etnografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografią	etnografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografie	etnografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografie	etnografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografie	etnografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografię	etnografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografii	etnografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnografii	etnografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografii	etnografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografii	etnografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografij	etnografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnografio	etnografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografiom	etnografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficznie	etnograficznie	adv:pos		
etnograficznościach	etnograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficznościami	etnograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficznością	etnograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzności	etnograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficznościom	etnograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzność	etnograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzność	etnograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnograficzna	etnograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etnograficzną	etnograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etnograficzną	etnograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etnograficzne	etnograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnograficzne	etnograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnograficzne	etnograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etnograficzne	etnograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etnograficznego	etnograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etnograficznego	etnograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnograficznej	etnograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etnograficznej	etnograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etnograficznej	etnograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etnograficznemu	etnograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnograficzni	etnograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etnograficzno	etnograficzny	adja		
etnograficznych	etnograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etnograficznych	etnograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnograficznych	etnograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnograficzny	etnograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etnograficzny	etnograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etnograficznym	etnograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnograficznym	etnograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnograficznym	etnograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnograficznymi	etnograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnografce	etnografka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografce	etnografka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografek	etnografka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografkach	etnografka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografka	etnografka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografkami	etnografka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografką	etnografka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografkę	etnografka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografki	etnografka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografki	etnografka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografki	etnografka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografki	etnografka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografko	etnografka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnografkom	etnografka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyce	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyce	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistykach	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyka	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistykami	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyką	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyk	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistykę	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyki	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyki	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyki	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyki	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistyko	etnolingwistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolingwistykom	etnolingwistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnolodzy	etnolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnolodzy	etnolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologach	etnolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologa	etnolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologa	etnolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologami	etnolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnolog	etnolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiem	etnolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologi	etnolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnologi	etnolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnologom	etnolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologowie	etnolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologowie	etnolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologowi	etnolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologów	etnolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologów	etnolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologu	etnolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologu	etnolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiach	etnologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologia	etnologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiami	etnologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologią	etnologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologie	etnologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologie	etnologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologie	etnologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologię	etnologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologii	etnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnologii	etnologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologii	etnologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologii	etnologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologij	etnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnologio	etnologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiom	etnologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologicznościach	etnologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologicznościami	etnologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologicznością	etnologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczności	etnologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologicznościom	etnologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczność	etnologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczność	etnologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnologiczna	etnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etnologiczną	etnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etnologiczną	etnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etnologiczne	etnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnologiczne	etnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etnologiczne	etnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etnologiczne	etnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etnologicznego	etnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etnologicznego	etnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnologicznej	etnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etnologicznej	etnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etnologicznej	etnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etnologicznemu	etnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnologiczni	etnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etnologiczno	etnologiczny	adja		
etnologicznych	etnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etnologicznych	etnologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnologicznych	etnologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnologiczny	etnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etnologiczny	etnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etnologicznym	etnologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnologicznym	etnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnologicznym	etnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etnologicznymi	etnologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etnometodologiach	etnometodologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologia	etnometodologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologiami	etnometodologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologią	etnometodologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologie	etnometodologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologie	etnometodologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologie	etnometodologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologię	etnometodologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologii	etnometodologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnometodologii	etnometodologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologii	etnometodologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologii	etnometodologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologij	etnometodologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnometodologio	etnometodologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnometodologiom	etnometodologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykolodzy	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykolodzy	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologach	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologa	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologa	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologami	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykolog	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologiem	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologi	etnomuzykolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologi	etnomuzykolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologom	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologowie	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologowie	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologowi	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologów	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologów	etnomuzykolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologu	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologu	etnomuzykolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologiach	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologia	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologiami	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologią	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologie	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologie	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologie	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologię	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologii	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnomuzykologii	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologii	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologii	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologij	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnomuzykologio	etnomuzykologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnomuzykologiom	etnomuzykologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimach	etnonim	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimami	etnonim	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimem	etnonim	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonim	etnonim	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonim	etnonim	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimie	etnonim	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimie	etnonim	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimom	etnonim	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimowi	etnonim	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimów	etnonim	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimu	etnonim	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimy	etnonim	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimy	etnonim	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimy	etnonim	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimiach	etnonimia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimia	etnonimia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimiami	etnonimia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimią	etnonimia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimie	etnonimia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimie	etnonimia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimie	etnonimia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimię	etnonimia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimii	etnonimia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnonimii	etnonimia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimii	etnonimia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimii	etnonimia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimij	etnonimia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnonimio	etnonimia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnonimiom	etnonimia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatriach	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatria	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatriami	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrią	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrie	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrie	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrie	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrię	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrii	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnopsychiatrii	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrii	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrii	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatrio	etnopsychiatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatriom	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychiatryj	etnopsychiatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnopsychologiach	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologia	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologiami	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologią	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologie	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologie	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologie	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologię	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologii	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnopsychologii	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologii	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologii	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologij	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnopsychologio	etnopsychologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnopsychologiom	etnopsychologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologiach	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologia	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologiami	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologią	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologie	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologie	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologie	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologię	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologii	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etnosocjologii	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologii	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologii	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologij	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etnosocjologio	etnosocjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etnosocjologiom	etnosocjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etogramach	etogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramami	etogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramem	etogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogram	etogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogram	etogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramie	etogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramie	etogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramom	etogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramowi	etogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramów	etogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramu	etogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramy	etogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramy	etogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etogramy	etogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etolach	etola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etola	etola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolami	etola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolą	etola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etole	etola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etole	etola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etole	etola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolę	etola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etoli	etola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etoli	etola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etoli	etola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etoli	etola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolo	etola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolom	etola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etolodzy	etolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etolodzy	etolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologach	etolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologa	etolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologa	etolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologami	etolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etolog	etolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologiem	etolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologi	etolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etologi	etolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etologom	etolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologowie	etolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologowie	etolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologowi	etolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologów	etolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologów	etolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologu	etolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologu	etolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etologiach	etologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologia	etologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiami	etologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologią	etologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologie	etologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologie	etologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologie	etologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologię	etologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologii	etologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etologii	etologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologii	etologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologii	etologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologij	etologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etologio	etologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiom	etologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologicznościach	etologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologicznościami	etologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologicznością	etologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczności	etologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologicznościom	etologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczność	etologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczność	etologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etologiczna	etologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etologiczną	etologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etologiczną	etologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etologiczne	etologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etologiczne	etologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etologiczne	etologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etologiczne	etologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etologicznego	etologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etologicznego	etologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etologicznej	etologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etologicznej	etologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etologicznej	etologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etologicznemu	etologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etologiczni	etologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etologiczno	etologiczny	adja		
etologicznych	etologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etologicznych	etologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etologicznych	etologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etologiczny	etologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etologiczny	etologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etologicznym	etologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etologicznym	etologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etologicznym	etologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etologicznymi	etologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etosach	etos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosami	etos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosem	etos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etos	etos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etos	etos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosie	etos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosie	etos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosom	etos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosowi	etos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosów	etos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosu	etos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosy	etos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosy	etos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosy	etos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etosowo	etosowo	adv:pos		
etosowościach	etosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowościami	etosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowością	etosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowości	etosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowościom	etosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowość	etosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowość	etosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etosowa	etosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etosową	etosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etosową	etosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etosowe	etosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etosowe	etosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etosowe	etosowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etosowe	etosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etosowego	etosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etosowego	etosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etosowej	etosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etosowej	etosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etosowej	etosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etosowemu	etosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etosowi	etosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etosowo	etosowy	adja		
etosowych	etosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etosowych	etosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etosowych	etosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etosowy	etosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etosowy	etosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etosowym	etosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etosowym	etosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etosowym	etosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etosowymi	etosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etranżerach	etranżer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżera	etranżer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżera	etranżer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerami	etranżer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerem	etranżer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżer	etranżer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerom	etranżer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerowie	etranżer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerowie	etranżer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerowi	etranżer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerów	etranżer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerów	etranżer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżery	etranżer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etranżery	etranżer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerze	etranżer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerze	etranżer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerzy	etranżer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etranżerzy	etranżer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruscy	etruski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etruska	etruski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etruską	etruski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etruską	etruski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etruskich	etruski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etruskich	etruski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etruskich	etruski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etruskie	etruski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etruskie	etruski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etruskie	etruski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etruskie	etruski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etruskiego	etruski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etruskiego	etruski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etruskiej	etruski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etruskiej	etruski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etruskiej	etruski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etruskiemu	etruski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etruski	etruski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etruski	etruski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etruskim	etruski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etruskim	etruski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etruskim	etruski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etruskimi	etruski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etrusko	etruski	adja		
etrusku	etruski	adjp		
etrusko	etrusko	adv:pos		
etruskolodzy	etruskolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskolodzy	etruskolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologach	etruskolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologa	etruskolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologa	etruskolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologami	etruskolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskolog	etruskolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologiem	etruskolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologi	etruskolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologi	etruskolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologom	etruskolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologowie	etruskolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologowie	etruskolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologowi	etruskolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologów	etruskolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologów	etruskolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologu	etruskolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologu	etruskolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologiach	etruskologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologia	etruskologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologiami	etruskologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologią	etruskologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologie	etruskologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologie	etruskologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologie	etruskologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologię	etruskologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologii	etruskologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etruskologii	etruskologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologii	etruskologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologii	etruskologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologij	etruskologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etruskologio	etruskologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskologiom	etruskologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskościach	etruskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskościami	etruskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskością	etruskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskości	etruskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskościom	etruskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskość	etruskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etruskość	etruskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etui	etui	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
etycznie	etycznie	adv:pos		
etycznościach	etyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etycznościami	etyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etycznością	etyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczności	etyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etycznościom	etyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczność	etyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczność	etyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyczna	etyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etyczną	etyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etyczną	etyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etyczne	etyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etyczne	etyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etyczne	etyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etyczne	etyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etycznego	etyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etycznego	etyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etycznej	etyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etycznej	etyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etycznej	etyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etycznemu	etyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etyczni	etyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etyczno	etyczny	adja		
etycznych	etyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etycznych	etyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etycznych	etyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etyczny	etyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etyczny	etyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etycznym	etyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etycznym	etyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etycznym	etyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etycznymi	etyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etycy	etyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etycy	etyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etykach	etyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyka	etyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyka	etyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etykami	etyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyk	etyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etykiem	etyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etykom	etyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etykowi	etyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyków	etyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyków	etyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyku	etyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyku	etyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etyce	etyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyce	etyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykach	etyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyka	etyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykami	etyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyką	etyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyk	etyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykę	etyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyki	etyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyko	etyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykom	etyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiecie	etykieta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiecie	etykieta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietach	etykieta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykieta	etykieta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietami	etykieta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietą	etykieta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiet	etykieta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietę	etykieta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykieto	etykieta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietom	etykieta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiety	etykieta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiety	etykieta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiety	etykieta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykiety	etykieta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalnie	etykietalnie	adv:pos		
etykietalnościach	etykietalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalnościami	etykietalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalnością	etykietalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalności	etykietalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalnościom	etykietalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalność	etykietalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalność	etykietalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietalna	etykietalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etykietalną	etykietalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etykietalną	etykietalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etykietalne	etykietalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etykietalne	etykietalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etykietalne	etykietalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etykietalne	etykietalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etykietalnego	etykietalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etykietalnego	etykietalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietalnej	etykietalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etykietalnej	etykietalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etykietalnej	etykietalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etykietalnemu	etykietalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietalni	etykietalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etykietalno	etykietalny	adja		
etykietalnych	etykietalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etykietalnych	etykietalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietalnych	etykietalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietalny	etykietalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etykietalny	etykietalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etykietalnym	etykietalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietalnym	etykietalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietalnym	etykietalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietalnymi	etykietalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietce	etykietka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietce	etykietka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietek	etykietka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietkach	etykietka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietka	etykietka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietkami	etykietka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietką	etykietka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietkę	etykietka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietki	etykietka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietki	etykietka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietki	etykietka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietki	etykietka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietko	etykietka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietkom	etykietka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietkować	etykietkować	inf:imperf		
etykietkowaliby	etykietkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etykietkowalibyście	etykietkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etykietkowalibyśmy	etykietkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etykietkowali	etykietkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
etykietkowali	etykietkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etykietkowaliście	etykietkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etykietkowaliśmy	etykietkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałaby	etykietkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałabym	etykietkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałabyś	etykietkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etykietkowała	etykietkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
etykietkowała	etykietkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałam	etykietkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałaś	etykietkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etykietkowałby	etykietkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałbym	etykietkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałbyś	etykietkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etykietkowałem	etykietkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałeś	etykietkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etykietkował	etykietkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
etykietkował	etykietkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałoby	etykietkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałobym	etykietkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałobyś	etykietkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etykietkowało	etykietkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
etykietkowało	etykietkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałom	etykietkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etykietkowałoś	etykietkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etykietkowałyby	etykietkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałybyście	etykietkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etykietkowałybyśmy	etykietkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etykietkowały	etykietkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
etykietkowały	etykietkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etykietkowałyście	etykietkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etykietkowałyśmy	etykietkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etykietkowana	etykietkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaną	etykietkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkowane	etykietkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowane	etykietkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanego	etykietkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanego	etykietkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanej	etykietkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanemu	etykietkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaniach	etykietkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowania	etykietkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowania	etykietkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaniami	etykietkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanie	etykietkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaniem	etykietkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowani	etykietkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaniom	etykietkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowaniu	etykietkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowano	etykietkować	imps:imperf		
etykietkowanych	etykietkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanych	etykietkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowany	etykietkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowany	etykietkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanym	etykietkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanym	etykietkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkowanymi	etykietkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkowań	etykietkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkująca	etykietkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkującą	etykietkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkujące	etykietkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkujące	etykietkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkującego	etykietkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etykietkującego	etykietkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkującej	etykietkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietkującemu	etykietkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkując	etykietkować	pcon:imperf		
etykietkująco	etykietkować	pacta		
etykietkujących	etykietkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietkujących	etykietkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkujący	etykietkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietkujący	etykietkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etykietkujący	etykietkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etykietkującym	etykietkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkującym	etykietkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietkującymi	etykietkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietkują	etykietkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
etykietkujcie	etykietkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
etykietkujecie	etykietkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
etykietkuje	etykietkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
etykietkujemy	etykietkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
etykietkujesz	etykietkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
etykietkuj	etykietkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
etykietkuję	etykietkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
etykietkujmy	etykietkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
etykietować	etykietować	inf:imperf		
etykietowaliby	etykietować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etykietowalibyście	etykietować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etykietowalibyśmy	etykietować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etykietowali	etykietować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
etykietowali	etykietować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etykietowaliście	etykietować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etykietowaliśmy	etykietować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etykietowałaby	etykietować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etykietowałabym	etykietować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etykietowałabyś	etykietować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etykietowała	etykietować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
etykietowała	etykietować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etykietowałam	etykietować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etykietowałaś	etykietować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etykietowałby	etykietować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etykietowałbym	etykietować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etykietowałbyś	etykietować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etykietowałem	etykietować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etykietowałeś	etykietować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etykietował	etykietować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
etykietował	etykietować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etykietowałoby	etykietować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etykietowałobym	etykietować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etykietowałobyś	etykietować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etykietowało	etykietować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
etykietowało	etykietować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etykietowałom	etykietować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etykietowałoś	etykietować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etykietowałyby	etykietować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etykietowałybyście	etykietować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etykietowałybyśmy	etykietować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etykietowały	etykietować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
etykietowały	etykietować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etykietowałyście	etykietować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etykietowałyśmy	etykietować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etykietowana	etykietować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietowaną	etykietować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etykietowane	etykietować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietowane	etykietować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowanego	etykietować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etykietowanego	etykietować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowanej	etykietować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietowanemu	etykietować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowaniach	etykietować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowania	etykietować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowania	etykietować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowaniami	etykietować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowanie	etykietować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowaniem	etykietować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowani	etykietować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietowaniom	etykietować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowaniu	etykietować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowano	etykietować	imps:imperf		
etykietowanych	etykietować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietowanych	etykietować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietowany	etykietować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etykietowany	etykietować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etykietowanym	etykietować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietowanym	etykietować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietowanymi	etykietować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietowań	etykietować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etykietująca	etykietować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietującą	etykietować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etykietujące	etykietować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietujące	etykietować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietującego	etykietować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etykietującego	etykietować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietującej	etykietować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etykietującemu	etykietować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietując	etykietować	pcon:imperf		
etykietująco	etykietować	pacta		
etykietujących	etykietować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietujących	etykietować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietujący	etykietować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etykietujący	etykietować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etykietujący	etykietować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etykietującym	etykietować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietującym	etykietować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etykietującymi	etykietować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etykietują	etykietować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
etykietujcie	etykietować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
etykietujecie	etykietować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
etykietuje	etykietować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
etykietujemy	etykietować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
etykietujesz	etykietować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
etykietuj	etykietować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
etykietuję	etykietować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
etykietujmy	etykietować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
etykietowo	etykietowo	adv:pos		
etykietowościach	etykietowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowościami	etykietowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowością	etykietowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowości	etykietowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowościom	etykietowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowość	etykietowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowość	etykietowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etykietowa	etykietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etykietową	etykietowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etykietową	etykietowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etykietowe	etykietowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etykietowe	etykietowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etykietowe	etykietowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etykietowe	etykietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etykietowego	etykietowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etykietowego	etykietowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietowej	etykietowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etykietowej	etykietowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etykietowej	etykietowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etykietowemu	etykietowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietowi	etykietowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etykietowo	etykietowy	adja		
etykietowych	etykietowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etykietowych	etykietowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietowych	etykietowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietowy	etykietowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etykietowy	etykietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etykietowym	etykietowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etykietowym	etykietowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietowym	etykietowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etykietowymi	etykietowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylach	etyl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylami	etyl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyle	etyl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyle	etyl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyle	etyl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylem	etyl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyl	etyl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyl	etyl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyli	etyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylom	etyl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylowi	etyl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylu	etyl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylu	etyl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylu	etyl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenach	etylen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenami	etylen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenem	etylen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylen	etylen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylen	etylen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenie	etylen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenie	etylen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenom	etylen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowi	etylen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenów	etylen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenu	etylen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyleny	etylen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyleny	etylen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyleny	etylen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacjach	etylenizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacja	etylenizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacjami	etylenizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacją	etylenizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacje	etylenizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacje	etylenizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacje	etylenizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizację	etylenizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacji	etylenizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
etylenizacji	etylenizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacji	etylenizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacji	etylenizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacjo	etylenizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacjom	etylenizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenizacyj	etylenizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
etylenowościach	etylenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowościami	etylenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowością	etylenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowości	etylenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowościom	etylenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowość	etylenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowość	etylenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylenowa	etylenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etylenową	etylenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etylenową	etylenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etylenowe	etylenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etylenowe	etylenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etylenowe	etylenowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etylenowe	etylenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etylenowego	etylenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etylenowego	etylenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylenowej	etylenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etylenowej	etylenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etylenowej	etylenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etylenowemu	etylenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylenowi	etylenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etylenowo	etylenowy	adja		
etylenowych	etylenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etylenowych	etylenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylenowych	etylenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylenowy	etylenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etylenowy	etylenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etylenowym	etylenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylenowym	etylenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylenowym	etylenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylenowymi	etylenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylinach	etylina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylina	etylina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylinami	etylina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyliną	etylina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylin	etylina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylinę	etylina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylinie	etylina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylinie	etylina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylino	etylina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylinom	etylina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyliny	etylina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyliny	etylina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyliny	etylina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyliny	etylina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylizować	etylizować	inf:imperf		
etylizowaliby	etylizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etylizowalibyście	etylizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etylizowalibyśmy	etylizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etylizowali	etylizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
etylizowali	etylizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etylizowaliście	etylizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etylizowaliśmy	etylizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etylizowałaby	etylizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etylizowałabym	etylizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etylizowałabyś	etylizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etylizowała	etylizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
etylizowała	etylizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etylizowałam	etylizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etylizowałaś	etylizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etylizowałby	etylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etylizowałbym	etylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etylizowałbyś	etylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etylizowałem	etylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etylizowałeś	etylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etylizował	etylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
etylizował	etylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etylizowałoby	etylizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etylizowałobym	etylizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etylizowałobyś	etylizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etylizowało	etylizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
etylizowało	etylizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etylizowałom	etylizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etylizowałoś	etylizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etylizowałyby	etylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etylizowałybyście	etylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etylizowałybyśmy	etylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etylizowały	etylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
etylizowały	etylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etylizowałyście	etylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etylizowałyśmy	etylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etylizowana	etylizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etylizowaną	etylizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etylizowane	etylizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizowane	etylizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowanego	etylizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etylizowanego	etylizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowanej	etylizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etylizowanemu	etylizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowaniach	etylizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowania	etylizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowania	etylizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowaniami	etylizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowanie	etylizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowaniem	etylizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowani	etylizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylizowaniom	etylizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowaniu	etylizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowano	etylizować	imps:imperf		
etylizowanych	etylizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylizowanych	etylizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizowany	etylizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etylizowany	etylizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etylizowanym	etylizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizowanym	etylizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizowanymi	etylizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizowań	etylizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etylizująca	etylizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etylizującą	etylizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etylizujące	etylizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizujące	etylizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizującego	etylizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etylizującego	etylizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizującej	etylizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etylizującemu	etylizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizując	etylizować	pcon:imperf		
etylizująco	etylizować	pacta		
etylizujących	etylizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylizujących	etylizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizujący	etylizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylizujący	etylizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etylizujący	etylizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etylizującym	etylizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizującym	etylizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylizującymi	etylizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylizują	etylizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
etylizujcie	etylizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
etylizujecie	etylizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
etylizuje	etylizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
etylizujemy	etylizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
etylizujesz	etylizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
etylizuj	etylizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
etylizuję	etylizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
etylizujmy	etylizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
etyloaminach	etyloamina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloamina	etyloamina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminami	etyloamina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminą	etyloamina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloamin	etyloamina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminę	etyloamina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminie	etyloamina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminie	etyloamina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloamino	etyloamina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminom	etyloamina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminy	etyloamina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminy	etyloamina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminy	etyloamina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloaminy	etyloamina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenach	etylobenzen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenami	etylobenzen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenem	etylobenzen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzen	etylobenzen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzen	etylobenzen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenie	etylobenzen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenie	etylobenzen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenom	etylobenzen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenowi	etylobenzen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenów	etylobenzen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzenu	etylobenzen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzeny	etylobenzen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzeny	etylobenzen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylobenzeny	etylobenzen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozach	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloceluloza	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozami	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozą	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etyloceluloz	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozę	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozie	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozie	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozo	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozom	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozy	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozy	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozy	etyloceluloza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylocelulozy	etyloceluloza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylować	etylować	inf:imperf		
etylowaliby	etylować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etylowalibyście	etylować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etylowalibyśmy	etylować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etylowali	etylować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
etylowali	etylować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
etylowaliście	etylować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
etylowaliśmy	etylować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
etylowałaby	etylować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etylowałabym	etylować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etylowałabyś	etylować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etylowała	etylować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
etylowała	etylować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
etylowałam	etylować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
etylowałaś	etylować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
etylowałby	etylować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etylowałbym	etylować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etylowałbyś	etylować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etylowałem	etylować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
etylowałeś	etylować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
etylował	etylować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
etylował	etylować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
etylowałoby	etylować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etylowałobym	etylować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etylowałobyś	etylować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etylowało	etylować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
etylowało	etylować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
etylowałom	etylować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
etylowałoś	etylować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
etylowałyby	etylować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etylowałybyście	etylować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etylowałybyśmy	etylować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etylowały	etylować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
etylowały	etylować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
etylowałyście	etylować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
etylowałyśmy	etylować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
etylowana	etylować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etylowaną	etylować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etylowane	etylować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylowane	etylować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylowanego	etylować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etylowanego	etylować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylowanej	etylować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etylowanemu	etylować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylowaniach	etylować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowania	etylować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowania	etylować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowaniami	etylować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowanie	etylować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowaniem	etylować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowani	etylować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylowaniom	etylować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowaniu	etylować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etylowano	etylować	imps:imperf		
etylowanych	etylować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylowanych	etylować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylowany	etylować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etylowany	etylować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etylowanym	etylować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylowanym	etylować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylowanymi	etylować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylowań	etylować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etylująca	etylować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etylującą	etylować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etylujące	etylować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylujące	etylować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylującego	etylować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etylującego	etylować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylującej	etylować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etylującemu	etylować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylując	etylować	pcon:imperf		
etylująco	etylować	pacta		
etylujących	etylować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylujących	etylować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylujący	etylować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etylujący	etylować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etylujący	etylować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etylującym	etylować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylującym	etylować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etylującymi	etylować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etylują	etylować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
etylujcie	etylować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
etylujecie	etylować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
etyluje	etylować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
etylujemy	etylować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
etylujesz	etylować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
etyluj	etylować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
etyluję	etylować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
etylujmy	etylować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
etylowościach	etylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowościami	etylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowością	etylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowości	etylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowościom	etylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowość	etylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowość	etylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etylowa	etylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etylową	etylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etylową	etylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etylowe	etylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etylowe	etylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etylowe	etylowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etylowe	etylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etylowego	etylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etylowego	etylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylowej	etylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etylowej	etylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etylowej	etylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etylowemu	etylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylowi	etylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etylowo	etylowy	adja		
etylowych	etylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etylowych	etylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylowych	etylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylowy	etylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etylowy	etylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etylowym	etylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etylowym	etylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylowym	etylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etylowymi	etylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etymolodzy	etymolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymolodzy	etymolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologach	etymolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologa	etymolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologa	etymolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologami	etymolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymolog	etymolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiem	etymolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologi	etymolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etymologi	etymolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etymologom	etymolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologowie	etymolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologowie	etymolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologowi	etymolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologów	etymolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologów	etymolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologu	etymolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologu	etymolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiach	etymologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologia	etymologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologiami	etymologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologią	etymologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologie	etymologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologie	etymologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologie	etymologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologię	etymologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologii	etymologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
etymologii	etymologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologii	etymologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologii	etymologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologij	etymologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
etymologio	etymologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologiom	etymologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
etymologicznie	etymologicznie	adv:pos		
etymologicznościach	etymologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologicznościami	etymologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologicznością	etymologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczności	etymologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologicznościom	etymologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczność	etymologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczność	etymologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiczna	etymologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
etymologiczną	etymologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
etymologiczną	etymologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
etymologiczne	etymologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etymologiczne	etymologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
etymologiczne	etymologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
etymologiczne	etymologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
etymologicznego	etymologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
etymologicznego	etymologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etymologicznej	etymologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
etymologicznej	etymologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
etymologicznej	etymologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
etymologicznemu	etymologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etymologiczni	etymologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
etymologiczno	etymologiczny	adja		
etymologicznych	etymologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
etymologicznych	etymologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etymologicznych	etymologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etymologiczny	etymologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
etymologiczny	etymologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
etymologicznym	etymologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etymologicznym	etymologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etymologicznym	etymologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
etymologicznymi	etymologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
etymologistach	etymologista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologista	etymologista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistami	etymologista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistą	etymologista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistę	etymologista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologisto	etymologista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistom	etymologista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistów	etymologista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologistów	etymologista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologisty	etymologista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etymologisty	etymologista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
etymologisty	etymologista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiście	etymologista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiście	etymologista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiści	etymologista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologiści	etymologista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
etymologizować	etymologizować	inf:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowaliby	etymologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowalibyście	etymologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowalibyśmy	etymologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowali	etymologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowali	etymologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowaliście	etymologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowaliśmy	etymologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałaby	etymologizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałabym	etymologizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałabyś	etymologizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowała	etymologizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowała	etymologizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałam	etymologizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałaś	etymologizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałby	etymologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałbym	etymologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałbyś	etymologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałem	etymologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałeś	etymologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizował	etymologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		jęz.
etymologizował	etymologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałoby	etymologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałobym	etymologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałobyś	etymologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowało	etymologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowało	etymologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałom	etymologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałoś	etymologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałyby	etymologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałybyście	etymologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałybyśmy	etymologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowały	etymologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowały	etymologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałyście	etymologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowałyśmy	etymologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowana	etymologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaną	etymologizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizowane	etymologizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowane	etymologizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanego	etymologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanego	etymologizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanej	etymologizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanemu	etymologizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaniach	etymologizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowania	etymologizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowania	etymologizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaniami	etymologizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanie	etymologizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaniem	etymologizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowani	etymologizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaniom	etymologizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowaniu	etymologizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowano	etymologizować	imps:imperf		jęz.
etymologizowanych	etymologizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanych	etymologizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowany	etymologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowany	etymologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanym	etymologizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanym	etymologizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizowanymi	etymologizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizowań	etymologizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizująca	etymologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizującą	etymologizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizujące	etymologizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizujące	etymologizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizującego	etymologizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
etymologizującego	etymologizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizującej	etymologizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
etymologizującemu	etymologizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizując	etymologizować	pcon:imperf		jęz.
etymologizująco	etymologizować	pacta		
etymologizujących	etymologizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etymologizujących	etymologizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizujący	etymologizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
etymologizujący	etymologizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
etymologizujący	etymologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
etymologizującym	etymologizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizującym	etymologizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
etymologizującymi	etymologizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
etymologizują	etymologizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizujcie	etymologizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizujecie	etymologizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizuje	etymologizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		jęz.
etymologizujemy	etymologizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizujesz	etymologizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizuj	etymologizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		jęz.
etymologizuję	etymologizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymologizujmy	etymologizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		jęz.
etymonach	etymon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonami	etymon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonem	etymon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymon	etymon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymon	etymon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonie	etymon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonie	etymon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonom	etymon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonowi	etymon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonów	etymon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymonu	etymon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymony	etymon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymony	etymon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etymony	etymon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynach	etyn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynami	etyn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynem	etyn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyn	etyn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyn	etyn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynie	etyn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynie	etyn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynom	etyn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynowi	etyn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynów	etyn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etynu	etyn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyny	etyn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyny	etyn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
etyny	etyn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eubakteriach	eubakteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakteria	eubakteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakteriami	eubakteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterią	eubakteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterie	eubakteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterie	eubakteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterie	eubakteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterię	eubakteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterii	eubakteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eubakterii	eubakteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterii	eubakteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterii	eubakteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakterio	eubakteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakteriom	eubakteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eubakteryj	eubakteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eucerynach	euceryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryna	euceryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucerynami	euceryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryną	euceryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryn	euceryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucerynę	euceryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucerynie	euceryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucerynie	euceryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryno	euceryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucerynom	euceryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryny	euceryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryny	euceryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryny	euceryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euceryny	euceryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystiach	eucharystia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystia	eucharystia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystiami	eucharystia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystią	eucharystia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystie	eucharystia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystie	eucharystia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystie	eucharystia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystię	eucharystia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystii	eucharystia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eucharystii	eucharystia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystii	eucharystia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystii	eucharystia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystio	eucharystia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystiom	eucharystia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyj	eucharystia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eucharystycznościach	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystycznościami	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystycznością	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczności	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystycznościom	eucharystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczność	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczność	eucharystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eucharystyczna	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eucharystyczną	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eucharystyczną	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eucharystyczne	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eucharystyczne	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eucharystyczne	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eucharystyczne	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eucharystycznego	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eucharystycznego	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eucharystycznej	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eucharystycznej	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eucharystycznej	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eucharystycznemu	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eucharystyczni	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eucharystyczno	eucharystyczny	adja		
eucharystycznych	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eucharystycznych	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eucharystycznych	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eucharystyczny	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eucharystyczny	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eucharystycznym	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eucharystycznym	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eucharystycznym	eucharystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eucharystycznymi	eucharystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euchologionach	euchologion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionami	euchologion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionem	euchologion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologion	euchologion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologion	euchologion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionie	euchologion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionie	euchologion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionom	euchologion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionowi	euchologion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionów	euchologion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologionu	euchologion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologiony	euchologion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologiony	euchologion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euchologiony	euchologion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniach	eudajmonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonia	eudajmonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniami	eudajmonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonią	eudajmonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonie	eudajmonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonie	eudajmonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonie	eudajmonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonię	eudajmonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonii	eudajmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eudajmonii	eudajmonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonii	eudajmonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonii	eudajmonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonij	eudajmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eudajmonio	eudajmonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniom	eudajmonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistach	eudajmonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonista	eudajmonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistami	eudajmonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistą	eudajmonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistę	eudajmonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonisto	eudajmonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistom	eudajmonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistów	eudajmonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistów	eudajmonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonisty	eudajmonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonisty	eudajmonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonisty	eudajmonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniście	eudajmonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniście	eudajmonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniści	eudajmonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmoniści	eudajmonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistycznościach	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistycznościami	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistycznością	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczności	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistycznościom	eudajmonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczność	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczność	eudajmonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonistyczna	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eudajmonistyczną	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eudajmonistyczną	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eudajmonistyczne	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonistyczne	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonistyczne	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistyczne	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistycznego	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eudajmonistycznego	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistycznej	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eudajmonistycznej	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eudajmonistycznej	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eudajmonistycznemu	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistyczni	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eudajmonistyczno	eudajmonistyczny	adja		
eudajmonistycznych	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eudajmonistycznych	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonistycznych	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonistyczny	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eudajmonistyczny	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eudajmonistycznym	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonistycznym	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistycznym	eudajmonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudajmonistycznymi	eudajmonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudajmonizmach	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmami	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmem	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizm	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizm	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmie	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmie	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmom	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmowi	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmów	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmu	eudajmonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmy	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmy	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonizmy	eudajmonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologiach	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologia	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologiami	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologią	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologie	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologie	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologie	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologię	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologii	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eudajmonologii	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologii	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologii	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologij	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eudajmonologio	eudajmonologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudajmonologiom	eudajmonologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniach	eudemonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonia	eudemonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniami	eudemonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonią	eudemonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonie	eudemonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonie	eudemonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonie	eudemonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonię	eudemonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonii	eudemonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eudemonii	eudemonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonii	eudemonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonii	eudemonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonij	eudemonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eudemonio	eudemonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniom	eudemonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistach	eudemonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonista	eudemonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistami	eudemonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistą	eudemonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistę	eudemonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonisto	eudemonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistom	eudemonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistów	eudemonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistów	eudemonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonisty	eudemonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonisty	eudemonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonisty	eudemonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniście	eudemonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniście	eudemonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniści	eudemonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemoniści	eudemonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistycznościach	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistycznościami	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistycznością	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczności	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistycznościom	eudemonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczność	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczność	eudemonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonistyczna	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eudemonistyczną	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eudemonistyczną	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eudemonistyczne	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonistyczne	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonistyczne	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistyczne	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistycznego	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eudemonistycznego	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistycznej	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eudemonistycznej	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eudemonistycznej	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eudemonistycznemu	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistyczni	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eudemonistyczno	eudemonistyczny	adja		
eudemonistycznych	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eudemonistycznych	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonistycznych	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonistyczny	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eudemonistyczny	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eudemonistycznym	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonistycznym	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistycznym	eudemonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eudemonistycznymi	eudemonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eudemonizmach	eudemonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmami	eudemonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmem	eudemonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizm	eudemonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizm	eudemonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmie	eudemonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmie	eudemonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmom	eudemonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmowi	eudemonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmów	eudemonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmu	eudemonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmy	eudemonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmy	eudemonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonizmy	eudemonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologiach	eudemonologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologia	eudemonologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologiami	eudemonologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologią	eudemonologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologie	eudemonologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologie	eudemonologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologie	eudemonologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologię	eudemonologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologii	eudemonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eudemonologii	eudemonologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologii	eudemonologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologii	eudemonologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologij	eudemonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eudemonologio	eudemonologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudemonologiom	eudemonologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrach	eudiometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrami	eudiometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrem	eudiometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometr	eudiometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometr	eudiometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrom	eudiometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrowi	eudiometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrów	eudiometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometru	eudiometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometry	eudiometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometry	eudiometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometry	eudiometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrze	eudiometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eudiometrze	eudiometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufemicznie	eufemicznie	adv:pos		
eufemicznościach	eufemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemicznościami	eufemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemicznością	eufemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczności	eufemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemicznościom	eufemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczność	eufemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczność	eufemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemiczna	eufemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eufemiczną	eufemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eufemiczną	eufemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eufemiczne	eufemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufemiczne	eufemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufemiczne	eufemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eufemiczne	eufemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eufemicznego	eufemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eufemicznego	eufemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemicznej	eufemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eufemicznej	eufemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eufemicznej	eufemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eufemicznemu	eufemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemiczni	eufemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eufemiczno	eufemiczny	adja		
eufemicznych	eufemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eufemicznych	eufemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemicznych	eufemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemiczny	eufemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eufemiczny	eufemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eufemicznym	eufemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemicznym	eufemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemicznym	eufemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemicznymi	eufemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistycznie	eufemistycznie	adv:pos		
eufemistycznościach	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistycznościami	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistycznością	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczności	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistycznościom	eufemistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczność	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczność	eufemistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemistyczna	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eufemistyczną	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eufemistyczną	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eufemistyczne	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistyczne	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistyczne	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eufemistyczne	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eufemistycznego	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eufemistycznego	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemistycznej	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eufemistycznej	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eufemistycznej	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eufemistycznemu	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemistyczni	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eufemistyczno	eufemistyczny	adja		
eufemistycznych	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eufemistycznych	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistycznych	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistyczny	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eufemistyczny	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eufemistycznym	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemistycznym	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemistycznym	eufemistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufemistycznymi	eufemistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufemizacjach	eufemizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacja	eufemizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacjami	eufemizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacją	eufemizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacje	eufemizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacje	eufemizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacje	eufemizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizację	eufemizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacji	eufemizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eufemizacji	eufemizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacji	eufemizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacji	eufemizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacjo	eufemizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacjom	eufemizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufemizacyj	eufemizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eufemizmach	eufemizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmami	eufemizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmem	eufemizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizm	eufemizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizm	eufemizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmie	eufemizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmie	eufemizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmom	eufemizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmowi	eufemizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmów	eufemizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmu	eufemizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmy	eufemizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmy	eufemizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizmy	eufemizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufemizować	eufemizować	inf:imperf		
eufemizowaliby	eufemizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eufemizowalibyście	eufemizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eufemizowalibyśmy	eufemizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eufemizowali	eufemizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
eufemizowali	eufemizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
eufemizowaliście	eufemizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
eufemizowaliśmy	eufemizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałaby	eufemizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałabym	eufemizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałabyś	eufemizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eufemizowała	eufemizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
eufemizowała	eufemizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałam	eufemizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałaś	eufemizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
eufemizowałby	eufemizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałbym	eufemizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałbyś	eufemizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eufemizowałem	eufemizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałeś	eufemizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
eufemizował	eufemizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
eufemizował	eufemizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałoby	eufemizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałobym	eufemizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałobyś	eufemizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eufemizowało	eufemizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
eufemizowało	eufemizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałom	eufemizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
eufemizowałoś	eufemizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
eufemizowałyby	eufemizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałybyście	eufemizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eufemizowałybyśmy	eufemizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eufemizowały	eufemizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
eufemizowały	eufemizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
eufemizowałyście	eufemizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
eufemizowałyśmy	eufemizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
eufemizowana	eufemizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaną	eufemizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizowane	eufemizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowane	eufemizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanego	eufemizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanego	eufemizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanej	eufemizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanemu	eufemizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaniach	eufemizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowania	eufemizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowania	eufemizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaniami	eufemizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanie	eufemizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaniem	eufemizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowani	eufemizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaniom	eufemizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowaniu	eufemizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowano	eufemizować	imps:imperf		
eufemizowanych	eufemizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanych	eufemizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowany	eufemizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowany	eufemizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanym	eufemizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanym	eufemizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizowanymi	eufemizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizowań	eufemizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizująca	eufemizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizującą	eufemizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizujące	eufemizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizujące	eufemizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizującego	eufemizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
eufemizującego	eufemizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizującej	eufemizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
eufemizującemu	eufemizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizując	eufemizować	pcon:imperf		
eufemizująco	eufemizować	pacta		
eufemizujących	eufemizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eufemizujących	eufemizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizujący	eufemizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
eufemizujący	eufemizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
eufemizujący	eufemizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
eufemizującym	eufemizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizującym	eufemizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
eufemizującymi	eufemizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
eufemizują	eufemizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
eufemizujcie	eufemizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
eufemizujecie	eufemizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
eufemizuje	eufemizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
eufemizujemy	eufemizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
eufemizujesz	eufemizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
eufemizuj	eufemizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
eufemizuję	eufemizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
eufemizujmy	eufemizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
eufoniach	eufonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonia	eufonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufoniami	eufonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonią	eufonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonie	eufonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonie	eufonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonie	eufonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonię	eufonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonii	eufonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
eufonii	eufonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonii	eufonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonii	eufonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonij	eufonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
eufonio	eufonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufoniom	eufonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
eufonicznie	eufonicznie	adv:pos		
eufonicznościach	eufoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufonicznościami	eufoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufonicznością	eufoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczności	eufoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufonicznościom	eufoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczność	eufoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczność	eufoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eufoniczna	eufoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eufoniczną	eufoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eufoniczną	eufoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eufoniczne	eufoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufoniczne	eufoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eufoniczne	eufoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eufoniczne	eufoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eufonicznego	eufoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eufonicznego	eufoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufonicznej	eufoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eufonicznej	eufoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eufonicznej	eufoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eufonicznemu	eufoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufoniczni	eufoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eufoniczno	eufoniczny	adja		
eufonicznych	eufoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eufonicznych	eufoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufonicznych	eufoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufoniczny	eufoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eufoniczny	eufoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eufonicznym	eufoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eufonicznym	eufoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufonicznym	eufoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eufonicznymi	eufoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euforbiach	euforbia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbia	euforbia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbiami	euforbia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbią	euforbia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbie	euforbia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbie	euforbia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbie	euforbia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbię	euforbia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbii	euforbia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
euforbii	euforbia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbii	euforbia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbii	euforbia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbij	euforbia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
euforbio	euforbia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforbiom	euforbia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforiach	euforia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforia	euforia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforiami	euforia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforią	euforia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforie	euforia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforie	euforia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforie	euforia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforię	euforia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforii	euforia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
euforii	euforia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforii	euforia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforii	euforia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforio	euforia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforiom	euforia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyj	euforia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
euforycznie	euforycznie	adv:pos		
euforycznościach	euforyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforycznościami	euforyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforycznością	euforyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczności	euforyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforycznościom	euforyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczność	euforyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczność	euforyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euforyczna	euforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euforyczną	euforyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euforyczną	euforyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euforyczne	euforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euforyczne	euforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euforyczne	euforyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euforyczne	euforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euforycznego	euforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euforycznego	euforyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euforycznej	euforyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euforycznej	euforyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euforycznej	euforyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euforycznemu	euforyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euforyczni	euforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euforyczno	euforyczny	adja		
euforycznych	euforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euforycznych	euforyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euforycznych	euforyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euforyczny	euforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euforyczny	euforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euforycznym	euforyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euforycznym	euforyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euforycznym	euforyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euforycznymi	euforyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euforycy	euforyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforycy	euforyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforykach	euforyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyka	euforyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyka	euforyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforykami	euforyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyk	euforyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforykiem	euforyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyki	euforyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euforyki	euforyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euforykom	euforyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforykowi	euforyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyków	euforyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyków	euforyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyku	euforyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euforyku	euforyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmach	eufuizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmami	eufuizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmem	eufuizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizm	eufuizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizm	eufuizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmie	eufuizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmie	eufuizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmom	eufuizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmowi	eufuizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmów	eufuizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmu	eufuizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmy	eufuizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmy	eufuizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eufuizmy	eufuizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eugenicznościach	eugeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenicznościami	eugeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenicznością	eugeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczności	eugeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenicznościom	eugeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczność	eugeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczność	eugeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniczna	eugeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eugeniczną	eugeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eugeniczną	eugeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eugeniczne	eugeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eugeniczne	eugeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eugeniczne	eugeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eugeniczne	eugeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eugenicznego	eugeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eugenicznego	eugeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eugenicznej	eugeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eugenicznej	eugeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eugenicznej	eugeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eugenicznemu	eugeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eugeniczni	eugeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eugeniczno	eugeniczny	adja		
eugenicznych	eugeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eugenicznych	eugeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eugenicznych	eugeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eugeniczny	eugeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eugeniczny	eugeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eugenicznym	eugeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eugenicznym	eugeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eugenicznym	eugeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eugenicznymi	eugeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eugenicy	eugenik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenicy	eugenik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikach	eugenik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenika	eugenik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenika	eugenik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikami	eugenik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenik	eugenik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikiem	eugenik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikom	eugenik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikowi	eugenik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugeników	eugenik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugeników	eugenik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniku	eugenik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniku	eugenik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eugenice	eugenika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenice	eugenika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikach	eugenika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenika	eugenika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikami	eugenika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniką	eugenika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenik	eugenika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikę	eugenika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniki	eugenika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugeniko	eugenika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugenikom	eugenika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenach	euglena	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglena	euglena	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenami	euglena	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleną	euglena	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglen	euglena	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenę	euglena	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenie	euglena	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenie	euglena	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleno	euglena	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euglenom	euglena	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleny	euglena	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleny	euglena	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleny	euglena	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eugleny	euglena	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmach	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmami	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmem	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzm	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzm	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmie	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmie	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmom	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmowi	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmów	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmu	euhemeryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmy	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmy	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euhemeryzmy	euhemeryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolach	eukaliptol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolami	eukaliptol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptole	eukaliptol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptole	eukaliptol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptole	eukaliptol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolem	eukaliptol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptol	eukaliptol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptol	eukaliptol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptoli	eukaliptol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolom	eukaliptol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolowi	eukaliptol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolów	eukaliptol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolu	eukaliptol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolu	eukaliptol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptolu	eukaliptol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusach	eukaliptus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusa	eukaliptus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusami	eukaliptus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusem	eukaliptus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptus	eukaliptus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptus	eukaliptus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusie	eukaliptus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusie	eukaliptus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusom	eukaliptus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowi	eukaliptus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusów	eukaliptus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusy	eukaliptus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusy	eukaliptus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusy	eukaliptus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowościach	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowościami	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowością	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowości	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowościom	eukaliptusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowość	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowość	eukaliptusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eukaliptusowa	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eukaliptusową	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eukaliptusową	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eukaliptusowe	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eukaliptusowe	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eukaliptusowe	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowe	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowego	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eukaliptusowego	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowej	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eukaliptusowej	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eukaliptusowej	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eukaliptusowemu	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowi	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eukaliptusowo	eukaliptusowy	adja		
eukaliptusowych	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eukaliptusowych	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eukaliptusowych	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eukaliptusowy	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eukaliptusowy	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eukaliptusowym	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eukaliptusowym	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowym	eukaliptusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eukaliptusowymi	eukaliptusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eukarioncie	eukariont	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarioncie	eukariont	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontach	eukariont	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarionta	eukariont	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarionta	eukariont	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontami	eukariont	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontem	eukariont	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariont	eukariont	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontom	eukariont	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontowi	eukariont	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukariontów	eukariont	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarionty	eukariont	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarionty	eukariont	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eukarionty	eukariont	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowościach	euklidesowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowościami	euklidesowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowością	euklidesowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowości	euklidesowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowościom	euklidesowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowość	euklidesowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowość	euklidesowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euklidesowa	euklidesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euklidesową	euklidesowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euklidesową	euklidesowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euklidesowe	euklidesowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euklidesowe	euklidesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euklidesowe	euklidesowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowe	euklidesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowego	euklidesowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euklidesowego	euklidesowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowej	euklidesowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euklidesowej	euklidesowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euklidesowej	euklidesowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euklidesowemu	euklidesowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowi	euklidesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euklidesowo	euklidesowy	adja		
euklidesowych	euklidesowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euklidesowych	euklidesowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euklidesowych	euklidesowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euklidesowy	euklidesowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euklidesowy	euklidesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euklidesowym	euklidesowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euklidesowym	euklidesowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowym	euklidesowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euklidesowymi	euklidesowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eumenidach	eumenida	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenida	eumenida	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidami	eumenida	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidą	eumenida	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenid	eumenida	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidę	eumenida	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenido	eumenida	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidom	eumenida	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidy	eumenida	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidy	eumenida	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidy	eumenida	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidy	eumenida	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidzie	eumenida	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eumenidzie	eumenida	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchach	eunuch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunucha	eunuch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunucha	eunuch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchami	eunuch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchem	eunuch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuch	eunuch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchom	eunuch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchowie	eunuch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchowie	eunuch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchowi	eunuch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchów	eunuch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchów	eunuch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchu	eunuch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchu	eunuch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchy	eunuch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchy	eunuch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidach	eunuchoid	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoida	eunuchoid	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoida	eunuchoid	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidami	eunuchoid	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidem	eunuchoid	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoid	eunuchoid	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidom	eunuchoid	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidowi	eunuchoid	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidów	eunuchoid	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidów	eunuchoid	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidy	eunuchoid	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidy	eunuchoid	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidzie	eunuchoid	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidzie	eunuchoid	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidzi	eunuchoid	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidzi	eunuchoid	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.|psych.
eunuchoidyzmach	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmami	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmem	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzm	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzm	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmie	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmie	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmom	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmowi	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmów	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmu	eunuchoidyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmy	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmy	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eunuchoidyzmy	eunuchoidyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydach	eupatryda	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatryda	eupatryda	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydami	eupatryda	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydą	eupatryda	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydę	eupatryda	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydo	eupatryda	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydom	eupatryda	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydów	eupatryda	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydów	eupatryda	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydy	eupatryda	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydy	eupatryda	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydy	eupatryda	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydzie	eupatryda	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydzie	eupatryda	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydzi	eupatryda	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eupatrydzi	eupatryda	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyccy	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurazjatycka	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurazjatycką	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurazjatycką	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurazjatyckich	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurazjatyckich	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatyckich	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatyckie	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatyckie	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatyckie	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatyckie	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatyckiego	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurazjatyckiego	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatyckiej	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurazjatyckiej	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurazjatyckiej	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurazjatyckiemu	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatycki	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurazjatycki	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurazjatyckim	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatyckim	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatyckim	eurazjatycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurazjatyckimi	eurazjatycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurazjatycko	eurazjatycki	adja		
eurazjatycku	eurazjatycki	adjp		
eurazjatycko	eurazjatycko	adv:pos		
eurazjatyckościach	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckościami	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckością	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckości	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckościom	eurazjatyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckość	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurazjatyckość	eurazjatyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eureka	eureka	interj		
euro	euro	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euro	euro	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
euroamerykańscy	euroamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroamerykańska	euroamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroamerykańską	euroamerykański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroamerykańską	euroamerykański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroamerykańskich	euroamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroamerykańskich	euroamerykański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańskich	euroamerykański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańskie	euroamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańskie	euroamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańskie	euroamerykański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykańskie	euroamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykańskiego	euroamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroamerykańskiego	euroamerykański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykańskiej	euroamerykański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroamerykańskiej	euroamerykański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroamerykańskiej	euroamerykański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroamerykańskiemu	euroamerykański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykański	euroamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroamerykański	euroamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroamerykańskim	euroamerykański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańskim	euroamerykański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykańskim	euroamerykański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroamerykańskimi	euroamerykański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroamerykańsko	euroamerykański	adja		
euroamerykańsku	euroamerykański	adjp		
euroamerykańsko	euroamerykańsko	adv:pos		
euroamerykańskościach	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskościami	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskością	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskości	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskościom	euroamerykańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskość	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroamerykańskość	euroamerykańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyccy	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroatlantycka	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroatlantycką	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroatlantycką	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroatlantyckich	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroatlantyckich	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantyckich	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantyckie	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantyckie	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantyckie	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantyckie	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantyckiego	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroatlantyckiego	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantyckiej	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroatlantyckiej	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroatlantyckiej	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroatlantyckiemu	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantycki	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroatlantycki	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroatlantyckim	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantyckim	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantyckim	euroatlantycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroatlantyckimi	euroatlantycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroatlantycko	euroatlantycki	adja		
euroatlantycku	euroatlantycki	adjp		
euroatlantycko	euroatlantycko	adv:pos		
euroatlantyckościach	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckościami	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckością	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckości	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckościom	euroatlantyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckość	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroatlantyckość	euroatlantyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyccy	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroazjatycka	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroazjatycką	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroazjatycką	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroazjatyckich	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroazjatyckich	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatyckich	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatyckie	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatyckie	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatyckie	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatyckie	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatyckiego	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroazjatyckiego	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatyckiej	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroazjatyckiej	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroazjatyckiej	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroazjatyckiemu	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatycki	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroazjatycki	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroazjatyckim	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatyckim	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatyckim	euroazjatycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroazjatyckimi	euroazjatycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroazjatycko	euroazjatycki	adja		
euroazjatycku	euroazjatycki	adjp		
euroazjatycko	euroazjatycko	adv:pos		
euroazjatyckościach	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckościami	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckością	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckości	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckościom	euroazjatyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckość	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroazjatyckość	euroazjatyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentrycznie	eurocentrycznie	adv:pos		
eurocentrycznościach	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentrycznościami	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentrycznością	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczności	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentrycznościom	eurocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczność	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczność	eurocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryczna	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurocentryczną	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurocentryczną	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurocentryczne	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentryczne	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentryczne	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurocentryczne	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurocentrycznego	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurocentrycznego	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurocentrycznej	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurocentrycznej	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurocentrycznej	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurocentrycznemu	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurocentryczni	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurocentryczno	eurocentryczny	adja		
eurocentrycznych	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurocentrycznych	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentrycznych	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentryczny	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurocentryczny	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurocentrycznym	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentrycznym	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurocentrycznym	eurocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurocentrycznymi	eurocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurocentryzmach	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmami	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmem	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzm	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzm	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmie	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmie	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmom	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmowi	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmów	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmu	eurocentryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmy	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmy	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurocentryzmy	eurocentryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekach	euroczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekami	euroczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczek	euroczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczek	euroczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekiem	euroczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeki	euroczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeki	euroczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeki	euroczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekom	euroczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowi	euroczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeków	euroczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeku	euroczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeku	euroczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczeku	euroczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowościach	euroczekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowościami	euroczekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowością	euroczekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowości	euroczekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowościom	euroczekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowość	euroczekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowość	euroczekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroczekowa	euroczekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroczekową	euroczekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroczekową	euroczekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroczekowe	euroczekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroczekowe	euroczekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroczekowe	euroczekowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowe	euroczekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowego	euroczekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroczekowego	euroczekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowej	euroczekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroczekowej	euroczekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroczekowej	euroczekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroczekowemu	euroczekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowi	euroczekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroczekowo	euroczekowy	adja		
euroczekowych	euroczekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroczekowych	euroczekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroczekowych	euroczekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroczekowy	euroczekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroczekowy	euroczekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroczekowym	euroczekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroczekowym	euroczekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowym	euroczekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroczekowymi	euroczekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarach	eurodolar	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolara	eurodolar	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolara	eurodolar	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarami	eurodolar	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarem	eurodolar	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolar	eurodolar	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarom	eurodolar	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowi	eurodolar	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarów	eurodolar	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolary	eurodolar	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolary	eurodolar	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolary	eurodolar	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarze	eurodolar	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarze	eurodolar	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowościach	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowościami	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowością	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowości	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowościom	eurodolarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowość	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowość	eurodolarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurodolarowa	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurodolarową	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurodolarową	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurodolarowe	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarowe	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarowe	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowe	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowego	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurodolarowego	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowej	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurodolarowej	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurodolarowej	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurodolarowemu	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowi	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurodolarowo	eurodolarowy	adja		
eurodolarowych	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurodolarowych	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarowych	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarowy	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurodolarowy	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurodolarowym	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurodolarowym	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowym	eurodolarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurodolarowymi	eurodolarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastach	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjasta	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastami	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastą	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastę	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjasto	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastom	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastów	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastów	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjasty	euroentuzjasta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjasty	euroentuzjasta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjasty	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjaście	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjaście	euroentuzjasta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjaści	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjaści	euroentuzjasta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastce	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastce	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastek	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastkach	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastka	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastkami	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastką	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastkę	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastki	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastki	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastki	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastki	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastko	euroentuzjastka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastkom	euroentuzjastka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastycznie	euroentuzjastycznie	adv:pos		
euroentuzjastycznościach	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastycznościami	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastycznością	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczności	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastycznościom	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczność	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczność	euroentuzjastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroentuzjastyczna	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroentuzjastyczną	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroentuzjastyczną	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroentuzjastyczne	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastyczne	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastyczne	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastyczne	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastycznego	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroentuzjastycznego	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastycznej	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroentuzjastycznej	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroentuzjastycznej	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroentuzjastycznemu	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastyczni	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroentuzjastyczno	euroentuzjastyczny	adja		
euroentuzjastycznych	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroentuzjastycznych	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastycznych	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastyczny	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroentuzjastyczny	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroentuzjastycznym	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroentuzjastycznym	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastycznym	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroentuzjastycznymi	euroentuzjastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistycznościach	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistycznościami	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistycznością	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczności	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistycznościom	eurokomunistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczność	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczność	eurokomunistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunistyczna	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurokomunistyczną	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurokomunistyczną	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurokomunistyczne	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistyczne	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistyczne	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistyczne	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistycznego	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurokomunistycznego	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistycznej	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurokomunistycznej	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurokomunistycznej	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurokomunistycznemu	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistyczni	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurokomunistyczno	eurokomunistyczny	adja		
eurokomunistycznych	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurokomunistycznych	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistycznych	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistyczny	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurokomunistyczny	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurokomunistycznym	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunistycznym	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistycznym	eurokomunistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokomunistycznymi	eurokomunistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokomunizmach	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmami	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmem	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizm	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizm	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmie	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmie	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmom	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmowi	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmów	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmu	eurokomunizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmy	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmy	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokomunizmy	eurokomunizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracjach	eurokracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracja	eurokracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracjami	eurokracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracją	eurokracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracje	eurokracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracje	eurokracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracje	eurokracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrację	eurokracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracji	eurokracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eurokracji	eurokracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracji	eurokracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracji	eurokracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracjo	eurokracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracjom	eurokracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracyj	eurokracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eurokracie	eurokrata	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokracie	eurokrata	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokraci	eurokrata	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokraci	eurokrata	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratach	eurokrata	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrata	eurokrata	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratami	eurokrata	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratą	eurokrata	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratę	eurokrata	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrato	eurokrata	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratom	eurokrata	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratów	eurokrata	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokratów	eurokrata	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokraty	eurokrata	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurokraty	eurokrata	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurokraty	eurokrata	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytycznościach	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytycznościami	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytycznością	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczności	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytycznościom	eurokrytyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczność	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczność	eurokrytyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurokrytyczna	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurokrytyczną	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurokrytyczną	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurokrytyczne	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurokrytyczne	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurokrytyczne	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytyczne	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytycznego	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurokrytycznego	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytycznej	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurokrytycznej	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurokrytycznej	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurokrytycznemu	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytyczni	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurokrytyczno	eurokrytyczny	adja		
eurokrytycznych	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurokrytycznych	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokrytycznych	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokrytyczny	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurokrytyczny	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurokrytycznym	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurokrytycznym	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytycznym	eurokrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurokrytycznymi	eurokrytyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurolandach	euroland	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandami	euroland	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandem	euroland	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroland	euroland	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroland	euroland	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandom	euroland	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandowi	euroland	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandów	euroland	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandu	euroland	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandy	euroland	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandy	euroland	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandy	euroland	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandzie	euroland	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolandzie	euroland	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurolidze	euroliga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurolidze	euroliga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligach	euroliga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroliga	euroliga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligami	euroliga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligą	euroliga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurolig	euroliga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligę	euroliga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligi	euroliga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligi	euroliga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligi	euroliga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligi	euroliga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligo	euroliga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligom	euroliga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowościach	euroligowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowościami	euroligowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowością	euroligowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowości	euroligowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowościom	euroligowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowość	euroligowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowość	euroligowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroligowa	euroligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroligową	euroligowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroligową	euroligowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroligowe	euroligowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroligowe	euroligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroligowe	euroligowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroligowe	euroligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroligowego	euroligowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroligowego	euroligowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroligowej	euroligowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroligowej	euroligowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroligowej	euroligowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroligowemu	euroligowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroligowi	euroligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroligowo	euroligowy	adja		
euroligowych	euroligowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroligowych	euroligowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroligowych	euroligowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroligowy	euroligowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroligowy	euroligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroligowym	euroligowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroligowym	euroligowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroligowym	euroligowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroligowymi	euroligowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwnościach	euronaiwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwnościami	euronaiwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwnością	euronaiwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwności	euronaiwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwnościom	euronaiwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwność	euronaiwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwność	euronaiwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euronaiwna	euronaiwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euronaiwną	euronaiwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euronaiwną	euronaiwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euronaiwne	euronaiwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwne	euronaiwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwne	euronaiwny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwne	euronaiwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwnego	euronaiwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euronaiwnego	euronaiwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwnej	euronaiwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euronaiwnej	euronaiwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euronaiwnej	euronaiwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euronaiwnemu	euronaiwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwni	euronaiwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euronaiwno	euronaiwny	adja		
euronaiwnych	euronaiwny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euronaiwnych	euronaiwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwnych	euronaiwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwny	euronaiwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euronaiwny	euronaiwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euronaiwnym	euronaiwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euronaiwnym	euronaiwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwnym	euronaiwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euronaiwnymi	euronaiwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroobligacjach	euroobligacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacja	euroobligacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacjami	euroobligacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacją	euroobligacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacje	euroobligacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacje	euroobligacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacje	euroobligacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligację	euroobligacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacji	euroobligacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
euroobligacji	euroobligacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacji	euroobligacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacji	euroobligacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacjo	euroobligacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacjom	euroobligacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroobligacyj	euroobligacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
europach	europ	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europami	europ	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europem	europ	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europ	europ	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europ	europ	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europie	europ	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europie	europ	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europom	europ	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europowi	europ	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europów	europ	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europu	europ	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europy	europ	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europy	europ	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europy	europ	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
europarlamentarnościach	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarnościami	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarnością	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarności	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarnościom	europarlamentarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarność	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarność	europarlamentarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europarlamentarna	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
europarlamentarną	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
europarlamentarną	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
europarlamentarne	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europarlamentarne	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europarlamentarne	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarne	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarnego	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
europarlamentarnego	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarnej	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
europarlamentarnej	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
europarlamentarnej	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
europarlamentarnemu	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarni	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
europarlamentarno	europarlamentarny	adja		
europarlamentarnych	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
europarlamentarnych	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europarlamentarnych	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europarlamentarny	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
europarlamentarny	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
europarlamentarnym	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europarlamentarnym	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarnym	europarlamentarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europarlamentarnymi	europarlamentarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europeidach	europeida	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeida	europeida	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidami	europeida	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidą	europeida	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidę	europeida	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeido	europeida	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidom	europeida	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidów	europeida	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidów	europeida	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidy	europeida	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europeidy	europeida	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europeidy	europeida	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidzie	europeida	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidzie	europeida	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidzi	europeida	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeidzi	europeida	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistach	europeista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeista	europeista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistami	europeista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistą	europeista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistę	europeista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeisto	europeista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistom	europeista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistów	europeista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistów	europeista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeisty	europeista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europeisty	europeista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europeisty	europeista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeiście	europeista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeiście	europeista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeiści	europeista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeiści	europeista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europeistycznie	europeistycznie	adv:pos		
europeistycznościach	europeistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistycznościami	europeistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistycznością	europeistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczności	europeistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistycznościom	europeistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczność	europeistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczność	europeistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyczna	europeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
europeistyczną	europeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
europeistyczną	europeistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
europeistyczne	europeistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europeistyczne	europeistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europeistyczne	europeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
europeistyczne	europeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
europeistycznego	europeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
europeistycznego	europeistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europeistycznej	europeistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
europeistycznej	europeistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
europeistycznej	europeistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
europeistycznemu	europeistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europeistyczni	europeistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
europeistyczno	europeistyczny	adja		
europeistycznych	europeistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
europeistycznych	europeistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europeistycznych	europeistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europeistyczny	europeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
europeistyczny	europeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
europeistycznym	europeistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europeistycznym	europeistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europeistycznym	europeistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europeistycznymi	europeistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europeistyce	europeistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyce	europeistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistykach	europeistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyka	europeistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistykami	europeistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyką	europeistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyk	europeistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistykę	europeistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyki	europeistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyki	europeistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyki	europeistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyki	europeistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistyko	europeistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeistykom	europeistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacjach	europeizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacja	europeizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacjami	europeizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacją	europeizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacje	europeizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacje	europeizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacje	europeizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizację	europeizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacji	europeizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
europeizacji	europeizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacji	europeizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacji	europeizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacjo	europeizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacjom	europeizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europeizacyj	europeizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
europeizmach	europeizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmami	europeizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmem	europeizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizm	europeizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizm	europeizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmie	europeizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmie	europeizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmom	europeizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmowi	europeizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmów	europeizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmu	europeizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmy	europeizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmy	europeizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizmy	europeizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europeizować	europeizować	inf:imperf		
europeizowaliby	europeizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
europeizowalibyście	europeizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
europeizowalibyśmy	europeizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
europeizowali	europeizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
europeizowali	europeizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
europeizowaliście	europeizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
europeizowaliśmy	europeizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
europeizowałaby	europeizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
europeizowałabym	europeizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
europeizowałabyś	europeizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
europeizowała	europeizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
europeizowała	europeizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
europeizowałam	europeizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
europeizowałaś	europeizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
europeizowałby	europeizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
europeizowałbym	europeizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
europeizowałbyś	europeizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
europeizowałem	europeizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
europeizowałeś	europeizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
europeizował	europeizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
europeizował	europeizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
europeizowałoby	europeizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
europeizowałobym	europeizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
europeizowałobyś	europeizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
europeizowało	europeizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
europeizowało	europeizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
europeizowałom	europeizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
europeizowałoś	europeizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
europeizowałyby	europeizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
europeizowałybyście	europeizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
europeizowałybyśmy	europeizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
europeizowały	europeizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
europeizowały	europeizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
europeizowałyście	europeizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
europeizowałyśmy	europeizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
europeizowana	europeizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
europeizowaną	europeizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
europeizowane	europeizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizowane	europeizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowanego	europeizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
europeizowanego	europeizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowanej	europeizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
europeizowanemu	europeizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowaniach	europeizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowania	europeizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowania	europeizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowaniami	europeizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowanie	europeizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowaniem	europeizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowani	europeizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
europeizowaniom	europeizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowaniu	europeizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowano	europeizować	imps:imperf		
europeizowanych	europeizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
europeizowanych	europeizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizowany	europeizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
europeizowany	europeizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
europeizowanym	europeizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizowanym	europeizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizowanymi	europeizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizowań	europeizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
europeizująca	europeizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
europeizującą	europeizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
europeizujące	europeizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizujące	europeizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizującego	europeizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
europeizującego	europeizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizującej	europeizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
europeizującemu	europeizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizując	europeizować	pcon:imperf		
europeizująco	europeizować	pacta		
europeizujących	europeizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
europeizujących	europeizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizujący	europeizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
europeizujący	europeizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
europeizujący	europeizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
europeizującym	europeizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizującym	europeizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
europeizującymi	europeizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
europeizują	europeizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
europeizujcie	europeizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
europeizujecie	europeizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
europeizuje	europeizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
europeizujemy	europeizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
europeizujesz	europeizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
europeizuj	europeizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
europeizuję	europeizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
europeizujmy	europeizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
europejczycy	europejczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczycy	europejczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczykach	europejczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyka	europejczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyka	europejczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczykami	europejczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyk	europejczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczykiem	europejczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyki	europejczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyki	europejczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europejczykom	europejczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczykowi	europejczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyków	europejczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyków	europejczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyku	europejczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejczyku	europejczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europejscy	europejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
europejska	europejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
europejską	europejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
europejską	europejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
europejskich	europejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
europejskich	europejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europejskich	europejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europejskie	europejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europejskie	europejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europejskie	europejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
europejskie	europejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
europejskiego	europejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
europejskiego	europejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europejskiej	europejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
europejskiej	europejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
europejskiej	europejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
europejskiemu	europejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europejski	europejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
europejski	europejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
europejskim	europejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europejskim	europejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europejskim	europejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europejskimi	europejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europejsko	europejski	adja		
europejsku	europejski	adjp		
europejsko	europejsko	adv:pos		
europejskościach	europejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskościami	europejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskością	europejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskości	europejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskościom	europejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskość	europejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejskość	europejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyznach	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzna	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyznami	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzną	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzn	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyznę	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzno	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyznom	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzny	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzny	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzny	europejszczyzna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyzny	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyźnie	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europejszczyźnie	europejszczyzna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europidach	europida	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europida	europida	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidami	europida	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidą	europida	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidę	europida	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europido	europida	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidom	europida	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidów	europida	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidów	europida	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidy	europida	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europidy	europida	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
europidy	europida	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidzie	europida	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidzie	europida	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidzi	europida	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europidzi	europida	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
europocentrycznościach	europocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentrycznościami	europocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentrycznością	europocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczności	europocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentrycznościom	europocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczność	europocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczność	europocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryczna	europocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
europocentryczną	europocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
europocentryczną	europocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
europocentryczne	europocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europocentryczne	europocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europocentryczne	europocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
europocentryczne	europocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
europocentrycznego	europocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
europocentrycznego	europocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europocentrycznej	europocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
europocentrycznej	europocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
europocentrycznej	europocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
europocentrycznemu	europocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europocentryczni	europocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
europocentryczno	europocentryczny	adja		
europocentrycznych	europocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
europocentrycznych	europocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europocentrycznych	europocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europocentryczny	europocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
europocentryczny	europocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
europocentrycznym	europocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europocentrycznym	europocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europocentrycznym	europocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europocentrycznymi	europocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europocentryzmach	europocentryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmami	europocentryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmem	europocentryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzm	europocentryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzm	europocentryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmie	europocentryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmie	europocentryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmom	europocentryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmowi	europocentryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmów	europocentryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmu	europocentryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmy	europocentryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmy	europocentryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europocentryzmy	europocentryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylnościach	europrzychylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylnościami	europrzychylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylnością	europrzychylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylności	europrzychylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylnościom	europrzychylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylność	europrzychylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylność	europrzychylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
europrzychylna	europrzychylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
europrzychylną	europrzychylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
europrzychylną	europrzychylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
europrzychylne	europrzychylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europrzychylne	europrzychylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
europrzychylne	europrzychylny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylne	europrzychylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylnego	europrzychylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
europrzychylnego	europrzychylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylnej	europrzychylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
europrzychylnej	europrzychylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
europrzychylnej	europrzychylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
europrzychylnemu	europrzychylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylni	europrzychylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
europrzychylno	europrzychylny	adja		
europrzychylnych	europrzychylny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
europrzychylnych	europrzychylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europrzychylnych	europrzychylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europrzychylny	europrzychylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
europrzychylny	europrzychylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
europrzychylnym	europrzychylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
europrzychylnym	europrzychylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylnym	europrzychylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
europrzychylnymi	europrzychylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurorakiecie	eurorakieta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiecie	eurorakieta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakietach	eurorakieta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakieta	eurorakieta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakietami	eurorakieta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakietą	eurorakieta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiet	eurorakieta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakietę	eurorakieta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakieto	eurorakieta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakietom	eurorakieta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiety	eurorakieta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiety	eurorakieta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiety	eurorakieta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurorakiety	eurorakieta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionach	euroregion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionami	euroregion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionem	euroregion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregion	euroregion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregion	euroregion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionie	euroregion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionie	euroregion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionom	euroregion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionowi	euroregion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionów	euroregion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionu	euroregion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregiony	euroregion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregiony	euroregion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregiony	euroregion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalnościach	euroregionalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalnościami	euroregionalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalnością	euroregionalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalności	euroregionalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalnościom	euroregionalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalność	euroregionalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalność	euroregionalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
euroregionalna	euroregionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
euroregionalną	euroregionalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
euroregionalną	euroregionalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
euroregionalne	euroregionalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroregionalne	euroregionalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
euroregionalne	euroregionalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalne	euroregionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalnego	euroregionalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
euroregionalnego	euroregionalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalnej	euroregionalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
euroregionalnej	euroregionalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
euroregionalnej	euroregionalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
euroregionalnemu	euroregionalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalni	euroregionalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
euroregionalno	euroregionalny	adja		
euroregionalnych	euroregionalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
euroregionalnych	euroregionalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroregionalnych	euroregionalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroregionalny	euroregionalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
euroregionalny	euroregionalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
euroregionalnym	euroregionalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
euroregionalnym	euroregionalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalnym	euroregionalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
euroregionalnymi	euroregionalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurorynek	eurorynek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynek	eurorynek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynkach	eurorynek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynkami	eurorynek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynkiem	eurorynek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynki	eurorynek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynki	eurorynek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynki	eurorynek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynkom	eurorynek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynkowi	eurorynek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynków	eurorynek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynku	eurorynek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynku	eurorynek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurorynku	eurorynek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczce	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczce	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczek	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczkach	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczka	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczkami	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczką	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczkę	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczki	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczki	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczki	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczki	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczko	eurosceptyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczkom	eurosceptyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptycznie	eurosceptycznie	adv:pos		
eurosceptycznościach	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptycznościami	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptycznością	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczności	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptycznościom	eurosceptyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczność	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczność	eurosceptyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyczna	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurosceptyczną	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurosceptyczną	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurosceptyczne	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptyczne	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptyczne	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptyczne	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptycznego	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurosceptycznego	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptycznej	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurosceptycznej	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurosceptycznej	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurosceptycznemu	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptyczni	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurosceptyczno	eurosceptyczny	adja		
eurosceptycznych	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurosceptycznych	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptycznych	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptyczny	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurosceptyczny	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurosceptycznym	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptycznym	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptycznym	eurosceptyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurosceptycznymi	eurosceptyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurosceptycy	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptycy	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptykach	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyka	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyka	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptykami	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyk	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptykiem	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyki	eurosceptyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyki	eurosceptyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptykom	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptykowi	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyków	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyków	eurosceptyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyku	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurosceptyku	eurosceptyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalucie	eurowaluta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalucie	eurowaluta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutach	eurowaluta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluta	eurowaluta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutami	eurowaluta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutą	eurowaluta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalut	eurowaluta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutę	eurowaluta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluto	eurowaluta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutom	eurowaluta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluty	eurowaluta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluty	eurowaluta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluty	eurowaluta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowaluty	eurowaluta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowościach	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowościami	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowością	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowości	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowościom	eurowalutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowość	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowość	eurowalutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowalutowa	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurowalutową	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurowalutową	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurowalutowe	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowalutowe	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowalutowe	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowe	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowego	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurowalutowego	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowej	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurowalutowej	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurowalutowej	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurowalutowemu	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowi	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowalutowo	eurowalutowy	adja		
eurowalutowych	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowalutowych	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowalutowych	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowalutowy	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurowalutowy	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurowalutowym	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowalutowym	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowym	eurowalutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowalutowymi	eurowalutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjnościach	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjnościami	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjnością	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjności	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjnościom	eurowizyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjność	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjność	eurowizyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowizyjna	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurowizyjną	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurowizyjną	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurowizyjne	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjne	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjne	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjne	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjnego	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurowizyjnego	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjnej	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurowizyjnej	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurowizyjnej	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurowizyjnemu	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjni	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowizyjno	eurowizyjny	adja		
eurowizyjnych	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowizyjnych	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjnych	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjny	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurowizyjny	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurowizyjnym	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowizyjnym	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjnym	eurowizyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowizyjnymi	eurowizyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborczościach	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczościami	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczością	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczości	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczościom	eurowyborczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczość	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborczość	eurowyborczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurowyborcza	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurowyborczą	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurowyborczą	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurowyborcze	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborcze	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborcze	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborcze	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborczego	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurowyborczego	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborczej	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurowyborczej	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurowyborczej	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurowyborczemu	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborczo	eurowyborczy	adja		
eurowyborczych	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowyborczych	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborczych	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborczy	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurowyborczy	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurowyborczy	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurowyborczym	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurowyborczym	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborczym	eurowyborczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurowyborczymi	eurowyborczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurozłączach	eurozłącze	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącza	eurozłącze	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącza	eurozłącze	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącza	eurozłącze	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącza	eurozłącze	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączami	eurozłącze	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącze	eurozłącze	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącze	eurozłącze	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłącze	eurozłącze	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączem	eurozłącze	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączom	eurozłącze	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączu	eurozłącze	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączu	eurozłącze	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
eurozłączy	eurozłącze	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagach	euryfag	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfaga	euryfag	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfaga	euryfag	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagami	euryfag	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfag	euryfag	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagiem	euryfag	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagi	euryfag	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagi	euryfag	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagi	euryfag	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagom	euryfag	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagowi	euryfag	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagów	euryfag	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagu	euryfag	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfagu	euryfag	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
euryfocie	euryfot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfocie	euryfot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotach	euryfot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfota	euryfot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotami	euryfot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotem	euryfot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfot	euryfot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfot	euryfot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotom	euryfot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotowi	euryfot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotów	euryfot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfotu	euryfot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfoty	euryfot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfoty	euryfot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
euryfoty	euryfot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurystycznościach	eurystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystycznościami	eurystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystycznością	eurystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczności	eurystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystycznościom	eurystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczność	eurystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczność	eurystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurystyczna	eurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurystyczną	eurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurystyczną	eurystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurystyczne	eurystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurystyczne	eurystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurystyczne	eurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurystyczne	eurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurystycznego	eurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurystycznego	eurystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurystycznej	eurystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurystycznej	eurystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurystycznej	eurystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurystycznemu	eurystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurystyczni	eurystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurystyczno	eurystyczny	adja		
eurystycznych	eurystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurystycznych	eurystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurystycznych	eurystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurystyczny	eurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurystyczny	eurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurystycznym	eurystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurystycznym	eurystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurystycznym	eurystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurystycznymi	eurystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermach	euryterm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermami	euryterm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermem	euryterm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
euryterm	euryterm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
euryterm	euryterm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermie	euryterm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermie	euryterm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermom	euryterm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermowi	euryterm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermów	euryterm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermu	euryterm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermy	euryterm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermy	euryterm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermy	euryterm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
eurytermicznościach	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermicznościami	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermicznością	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczności	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermicznościom	eurytermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczność	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczność	eurytermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytermiczna	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurytermiczną	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurytermiczną	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurytermiczne	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermiczne	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermiczne	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurytermiczne	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurytermicznego	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurytermicznego	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytermicznej	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurytermicznej	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurytermicznej	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurytermicznemu	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytermiczni	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurytermiczno	eurytermiczny	adja		
eurytermicznych	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurytermicznych	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermicznych	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermiczny	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurytermiczny	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurytermicznym	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytermicznym	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytermicznym	eurytermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytermicznymi	eurytermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmiach	eurytmia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmia	eurytmia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiami	eurytmia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmią	eurytmia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmie	eurytmia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmie	eurytmia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmie	eurytmia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmię	eurytmia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmii	eurytmia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eurytmii	eurytmia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmii	eurytmia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmii	eurytmia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmij	eurytmia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eurytmio	eurytmia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiom	eurytmia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmicznościach	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmicznościami	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmicznością	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczności	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmicznościom	eurytmiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczność	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczność	eurytmiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eurytmiczna	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eurytmiczną	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eurytmiczną	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eurytmiczne	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmiczne	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmiczne	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eurytmiczne	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eurytmicznego	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eurytmicznego	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytmicznej	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eurytmicznej	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eurytmicznej	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eurytmicznemu	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytmiczni	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eurytmiczno	eurytmiczny	adja		
eurytmicznych	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eurytmicznych	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmicznych	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmiczny	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eurytmiczny	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eurytmicznym	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytmicznym	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytmicznym	eurytmiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eurytmicznymi	eurytmiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eurytopach	eurytop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopa	eurytop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopami	eurytop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopem	eurytop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytop	eurytop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytop	eurytop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopie	eurytop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopie	eurytop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopom	eurytop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopowi	eurytop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopów	eurytop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopu	eurytop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopy	eurytop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopy	eurytop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytopy	eurytop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmach	eurytypizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmami	eurytypizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmem	eurytypizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizm	eurytypizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizm	eurytypizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmie	eurytypizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmie	eurytypizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmom	eurytypizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmowi	eurytypizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmów	eurytypizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmu	eurytypizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmy	eurytypizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmy	eurytypizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eurytypizmy	eurytypizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustatycznościach	eustatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatycznościami	eustatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatycznością	eustatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczności	eustatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatycznościom	eustatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczność	eustatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczność	eustatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eustatyczna	eustatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eustatyczną	eustatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eustatyczną	eustatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eustatyczne	eustatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eustatyczne	eustatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eustatyczne	eustatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eustatyczne	eustatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eustatycznego	eustatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eustatycznego	eustatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eustatycznej	eustatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eustatycznej	eustatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eustatycznej	eustatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eustatycznemu	eustatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eustatyczni	eustatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eustatyczno	eustatyczny	adja		
eustatycznych	eustatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eustatycznych	eustatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eustatycznych	eustatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eustatyczny	eustatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eustatyczny	eustatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eustatycznym	eustatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eustatycznym	eustatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eustatycznym	eustatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eustatycznymi	eustatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eusthenopteronach	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopterona	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopterona	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronami	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronem	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteron	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronie	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronie	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronom	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronowi	eusthenopteron	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopteronów	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopterony	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopterony	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eusthenopterony	eusthenopteron	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
eustylach	eustyl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylami	eustyl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyle	eustyl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyle	eustyl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyle	eustyl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylem	eustyl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyl	eustyl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyl	eustyl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustyli	eustyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylom	eustyl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylowi	eustyl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylów	eustyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylu	eustyl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylu	eustyl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eustylu	eustyl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazjach	eutanazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazja	eutanazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazjami	eutanazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazją	eutanazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazje	eutanazja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazje	eutanazja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazje	eutanazja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazję	eutanazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazji	eutanazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
eutanazji	eutanazja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazji	eutanazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazji	eutanazja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazjo	eutanazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazjom	eutanazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
eutanazyj	eutanazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
eutanazyjnościach	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjnościami	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjnością	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjności	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjnościom	eutanazyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjność	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjność	eutanazyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutanazyjna	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eutanazyjną	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eutanazyjną	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eutanazyjne	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutanazyjne	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutanazyjne	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjne	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjnego	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eutanazyjnego	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjnej	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eutanazyjnej	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eutanazyjnej	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eutanazyjnemu	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjni	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eutanazyjno	eutanazyjny	adja		
eutanazyjnych	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eutanazyjnych	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutanazyjnych	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutanazyjny	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eutanazyjny	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eutanazyjnym	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutanazyjnym	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjnym	eutanazyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutanazyjnymi	eutanazyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutektoidach	eutektoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidami	eutektoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidem	eutektoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoid	eutektoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoid	eutektoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidom	eutektoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidowi	eutektoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidów	eutektoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidu	eutektoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidy	eutektoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidy	eutektoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidy	eutektoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidzie	eutektoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektoidzie	eutektoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
eutektycznościach	eutektyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektycznościami	eutektyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektycznością	eutektyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczności	eutektyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektycznościom	eutektyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczność	eutektyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczność	eutektyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyczna	eutektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eutektyczną	eutektyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eutektyczną	eutektyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eutektyczne	eutektyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutektyczne	eutektyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutektyczne	eutektyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eutektyczne	eutektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eutektycznego	eutektyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eutektycznego	eutektyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutektycznej	eutektyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eutektycznej	eutektyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eutektycznej	eutektyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eutektycznemu	eutektyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutektyczni	eutektyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eutektyczno	eutektyczny	adja		
eutektycznych	eutektyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eutektycznych	eutektyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutektycznych	eutektyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutektyczny	eutektyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eutektyczny	eutektyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eutektycznym	eutektyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutektycznym	eutektyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutektycznym	eutektyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutektycznymi	eutektyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutektykach	eutektyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykami	eutektyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyk	eutektyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyk	eutektyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykiem	eutektyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykom	eutektyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykowi	eutektyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyków	eutektyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyku	eutektyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyku	eutektyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyku	eutektyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyce	eutektyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyce	eutektyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykach	eutektyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyka	eutektyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykami	eutektyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyką	eutektyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyk	eutektyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykę	eutektyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyki	eutektyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektyko	eutektyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutektykom	eutektyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofiach	eutrofia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofia	eutrofia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofiami	eutrofia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofią	eutrofia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofie	eutrofia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofie	eutrofia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofie	eutrofia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofię	eutrofia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofii	eutrofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eutrofii	eutrofia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofii	eutrofia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofii	eutrofia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofij	eutrofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eutrofio	eutrofia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofiom	eutrofia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficznościach	eutroficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficznościami	eutroficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficznością	eutroficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzności	eutroficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficznościom	eutroficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzność	eutroficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzność	eutroficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutroficzna	eutroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eutroficzną	eutroficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eutroficzną	eutroficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eutroficzne	eutroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutroficzne	eutroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutroficzne	eutroficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eutroficzne	eutroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eutroficznego	eutroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eutroficznego	eutroficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutroficznej	eutroficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eutroficznej	eutroficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eutroficznej	eutroficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eutroficznemu	eutroficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutroficzni	eutroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eutroficzno	eutroficzny	adja		
eutroficznych	eutroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eutroficznych	eutroficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutroficznych	eutroficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutroficzny	eutroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eutroficzny	eutroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eutroficznym	eutroficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutroficznym	eutroficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutroficznym	eutroficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutroficznymi	eutroficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutrofizacjach	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacja	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacjami	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacją	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacje	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacje	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacje	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizację	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacji	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eutrofizacji	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacji	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacji	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacjo	eutrofizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacjom	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizacyj	eutrofizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eutrofizmach	eutrofizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmami	eutrofizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmem	eutrofizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizm	eutrofizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizm	eutrofizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmie	eutrofizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmie	eutrofizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmom	eutrofizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmowi	eutrofizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmów	eutrofizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmu	eutrofizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmy	eutrofizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmy	eutrofizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutrofizmy	eutrofizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowościach	eutropowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowościami	eutropowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowością	eutropowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowości	eutropowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowościom	eutropowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowość	eutropowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowość	eutropowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eutropowa	eutropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eutropową	eutropowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eutropową	eutropowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eutropowe	eutropowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutropowe	eutropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eutropowe	eutropowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eutropowe	eutropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eutropowego	eutropowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eutropowego	eutropowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutropowej	eutropowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eutropowej	eutropowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eutropowej	eutropowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eutropowemu	eutropowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutropowi	eutropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eutropowo	eutropowy	adja		
eutropowych	eutropowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eutropowych	eutropowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutropowych	eutropowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutropowy	eutropowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eutropowy	eutropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eutropowym	eutropowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eutropowym	eutropowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutropowym	eutropowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eutropowymi	eutropowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
evencie	event	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evencie	event	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventach	event	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventami	event	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventem	event	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
event	event	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
event	event	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventom	event	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventowi	event	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventów	event	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventu	event	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventy	event	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventy	event	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventy	event	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eventowa	eventowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eventową	eventowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eventową	eventowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eventowe	eventowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eventowe	eventowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eventowe	eventowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eventowe	eventowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eventowego	eventowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eventowego	eventowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eventowej	eventowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eventowej	eventowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eventowej	eventowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eventowemu	eventowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eventowi	eventowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eventowo	eventowy	adja		
eventowych	eventowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eventowych	eventowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eventowych	eventowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eventowy	eventowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eventowy	eventowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eventowym	eventowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eventowym	eventowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eventowym	eventowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eventowymi	eventowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
evergreenach	evergreen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenami	evergreen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenem	evergreen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreen	evergreen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreen	evergreen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenie	evergreen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenie	evergreen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenom	evergreen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenowi	evergreen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenów	evergreen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreenu	evergreen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreeny	evergreen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreeny	evergreen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
evergreeny	evergreen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacjach	ewakuacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacja	ewakuacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacjami	ewakuacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacją	ewakuacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacje	ewakuacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacje	ewakuacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacje	ewakuacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuację	ewakuacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacji	ewakuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewakuacji	ewakuacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacji	ewakuacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacji	ewakuacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacjo	ewakuacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacjom	ewakuacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyj	ewakuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewakuacyjnościach	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjnościami	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjnością	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjności	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjnościom	ewakuacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjność	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjność	ewakuacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuacyjna	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewakuacyjną	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewakuacyjną	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewakuacyjne	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuacyjne	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuacyjne	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjne	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjnego	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewakuacyjnego	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjnej	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewakuacyjnej	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewakuacyjnej	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewakuacyjnemu	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjni	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewakuacyjno	ewakuacyjny	adja		
ewakuacyjnych	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewakuacyjnych	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuacyjnych	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuacyjny	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewakuacyjny	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewakuacyjnym	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuacyjnym	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjnym	ewakuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewakuacyjnymi	ewakuacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewakuancie	ewakuant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuancie	ewakuant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanci	ewakuant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanci	ewakuant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantach	ewakuant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanta	ewakuant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanta	ewakuant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantami	ewakuant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantem	ewakuant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuant	ewakuant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantom	ewakuant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantowi	ewakuant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantów	ewakuant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuantów	ewakuant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanty	ewakuant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuanty	ewakuant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewakuować	ewakuować	inf:imperf.perf		
ewakuowaliby	ewakuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowalibyście	ewakuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowalibyśmy	ewakuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowali	ewakuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ewakuowali	ewakuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowaliście	ewakuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowaliśmy	ewakuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałaby	ewakuować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałabym	ewakuować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałabyś	ewakuować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowała	ewakuować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ewakuowała	ewakuować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałam	ewakuować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałaś	ewakuować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałby	ewakuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałbym	ewakuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałbyś	ewakuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałem	ewakuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałeś	ewakuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuował	ewakuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ewakuował	ewakuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałoby	ewakuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałobym	ewakuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałobyś	ewakuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowało	ewakuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ewakuowało	ewakuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałom	ewakuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałoś	ewakuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałyby	ewakuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałybyście	ewakuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałybyśmy	ewakuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowały	ewakuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ewakuowały	ewakuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałyście	ewakuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuowałyśmy	ewakuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuowana	ewakuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaną	ewakuować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowane	ewakuować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowane	ewakuować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanego	ewakuować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanego	ewakuować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanej	ewakuować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanemu	ewakuować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaniach	ewakuować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowania	ewakuować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowania	ewakuować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaniami	ewakuować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanie	ewakuować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaniem	ewakuować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowani	ewakuować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaniom	ewakuować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowaniu	ewakuować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowano	ewakuować	imps:imperf.perf		
ewakuowanych	ewakuować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanych	ewakuować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowany	ewakuować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowany	ewakuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanym	ewakuować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanym	ewakuować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowanymi	ewakuować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowań	ewakuować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewakuowawszy	ewakuować	pant:perf		
ewakuująca	ewakuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewakuującą	ewakuować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewakuujące	ewakuować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewakuujące	ewakuować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewakuującego	ewakuować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewakuującego	ewakuować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewakuującej	ewakuować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewakuującemu	ewakuować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewakuując	ewakuować	pcon:imperf		
ewakuująco	ewakuować	pacta		
ewakuujących	ewakuować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewakuujących	ewakuować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewakuujący	ewakuować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewakuujący	ewakuować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewakuujący	ewakuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewakuującym	ewakuować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewakuującym	ewakuować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewakuującymi	ewakuować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewakuują	ewakuować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuujcie	ewakuować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuujecie	ewakuować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuuje	ewakuować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ewakuujemy	ewakuować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuujesz	ewakuować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuuj	ewakuować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ewakuuję	ewakuować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ewakuujmy	ewakuować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ewaluacjach	ewaluacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacja	ewaluacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacjami	ewaluacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacją	ewaluacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacje	ewaluacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacje	ewaluacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacje	ewaluacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluację	ewaluacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacji	ewaluacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewaluacji	ewaluacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacji	ewaluacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacji	ewaluacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacjo	ewaluacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacjom	ewaluacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyj	ewaluacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewaluacyjnościach	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjnościami	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjnością	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjności	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjnościom	ewaluacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjność	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjność	ewaluacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaluacyjna	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewaluacyjną	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewaluacyjną	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewaluacyjne	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluacyjne	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluacyjne	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjne	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjnego	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewaluacyjnego	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjnej	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewaluacyjnej	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewaluacyjnej	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewaluacyjnemu	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjni	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewaluacyjno	ewaluacyjny	adja		
ewaluacyjnych	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewaluacyjnych	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluacyjnych	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluacyjny	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewaluacyjny	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewaluacyjnym	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluacyjnym	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjnym	ewaluacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaluacyjnymi	ewaluacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaluować	ewaluować	inf:imperf		
ewaluowaliby	ewaluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewaluowalibyście	ewaluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewaluowalibyśmy	ewaluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewaluowali	ewaluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ewaluowali	ewaluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewaluowaliście	ewaluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewaluowaliśmy	ewaluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałaby	ewaluować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałabym	ewaluować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałabyś	ewaluować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewaluowała	ewaluować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ewaluowała	ewaluować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałam	ewaluować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałaś	ewaluować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewaluowałby	ewaluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałbym	ewaluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałbyś	ewaluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewaluowałem	ewaluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałeś	ewaluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewaluował	ewaluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ewaluował	ewaluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałoby	ewaluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałobym	ewaluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałobyś	ewaluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewaluowało	ewaluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ewaluowało	ewaluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałom	ewaluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewaluowałoś	ewaluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewaluowałyby	ewaluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałybyście	ewaluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewaluowałybyśmy	ewaluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewaluowały	ewaluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ewaluowały	ewaluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewaluowałyście	ewaluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewaluowałyśmy	ewaluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewaluowana	ewaluować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaną	ewaluować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluowane	ewaluować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowane	ewaluować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanego	ewaluować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanego	ewaluować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanej	ewaluować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanemu	ewaluować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaniach	ewaluować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowania	ewaluować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowania	ewaluować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaniami	ewaluować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanie	ewaluować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaniem	ewaluować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowani	ewaluować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaniom	ewaluować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowaniu	ewaluować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowano	ewaluować	imps:imperf		
ewaluowanych	ewaluować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanych	ewaluować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowany	ewaluować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowany	ewaluować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanym	ewaluować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanym	ewaluować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluowanymi	ewaluować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluowań	ewaluować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluująca	ewaluować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluującą	ewaluować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluujące	ewaluować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluujące	ewaluować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluującego	ewaluować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewaluującego	ewaluować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluującej	ewaluować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaluującemu	ewaluować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluując	ewaluować	pcon:imperf		
ewaluująco	ewaluować	pacta		
ewaluujących	ewaluować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaluujących	ewaluować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluujący	ewaluować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaluujący	ewaluować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewaluujący	ewaluować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewaluującym	ewaluować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluującym	ewaluować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaluującymi	ewaluować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaluują	ewaluować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ewaluujcie	ewaluować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ewaluujecie	ewaluować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ewaluuje	ewaluować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ewaluujemy	ewaluować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ewaluujesz	ewaluować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ewaluuj	ewaluować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ewaluuję	ewaluować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ewaluujmy	ewaluować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ewangeliach	ewangelia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelia	ewangelia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangeliami	ewangelia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelią	ewangelia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelie	ewangelia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelie	ewangelia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelie	ewangelia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelię	ewangelia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelii	ewangelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przen.
ewangelii	ewangelia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelii	ewangelia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelii	ewangelia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangelij	ewangelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przen.
ewangelio	ewangelia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangeliom	ewangelia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przen.
ewangeliarzach	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzach	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarza	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarza	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzami	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzami	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarze	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzem	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzem	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarz	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarz	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarz	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarz	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzom	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzom	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzowi	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzowi	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzów	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzu	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzu	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzu	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliarzu	ewangeliarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ewangeliarzy	ewangeliarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliccy	ewangelicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelicka	ewangelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewangelicką	ewangelicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewangelicką	ewangelicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewangelickich	ewangelicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelickich	ewangelicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelickich	ewangelicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelickie	ewangelicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelickie	ewangelicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelickie	ewangelicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelickie	ewangelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelickiego	ewangelicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewangelickiego	ewangelicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelickiej	ewangelicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewangelickiej	ewangelicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewangelickiej	ewangelicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewangelickiemu	ewangelicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelicki	ewangelicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewangelicki	ewangelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewangelickim	ewangelicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelickim	ewangelicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelickim	ewangelicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelickimi	ewangelicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelicko	ewangelicki	adja		
ewangelicku	ewangelicki	adjp		
ewangelicko	ewangelicko	adv:pos		
ewangelickościach	ewangelickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickościami	ewangelickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickością	ewangelickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickości	ewangelickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickościom	ewangelickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickość	ewangelickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelickość	ewangelickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmach	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmami	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmem	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzm	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzm	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmie	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmie	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmom	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmowi	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmów	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmu	ewangelicyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmy	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmy	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicyzmy	ewangelicyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczce	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczce	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczek	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczkach	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczka	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczkami	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczką	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczkę	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczki	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczki	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczki	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczki	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczko	ewangeliczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczkom	ewangeliczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicznie	ewangelicznie	adv:pos		
ewangelicznościach	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicznościami	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicznością	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczności	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicznościom	ewangeliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczność	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczność	ewangeliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliczna	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewangeliczną	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewangeliczną	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewangeliczne	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangeliczne	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangeliczne	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangeliczne	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelicznego	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewangelicznego	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelicznej	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewangelicznej	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewangelicznej	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewangelicznemu	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangeliczni	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangeliczno	ewangeliczny	adja		
ewangelicznych	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelicznych	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelicznych	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangeliczny	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewangeliczny	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewangelicznym	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelicznym	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelicznym	ewangeliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelicznymi	ewangeliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijnościach	ewangelijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijnościami	ewangelijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijnością	ewangelijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijności	ewangelijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijnościom	ewangelijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijność	ewangelijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijność	ewangelijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelijna	ewangelijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewangelijną	ewangelijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewangelijną	ewangelijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewangelijne	ewangelijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijne	ewangelijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijne	ewangelijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijne	ewangelijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijnego	ewangelijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewangelijnego	ewangelijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijnej	ewangelijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewangelijnej	ewangelijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewangelijnej	ewangelijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewangelijnemu	ewangelijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijni	ewangelijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelijno	ewangelijny	adja		
ewangelijnych	ewangelijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelijnych	ewangelijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijnych	ewangelijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijny	ewangelijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewangelijny	ewangelijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewangelijnym	ewangelijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelijnym	ewangelijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijnym	ewangelijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelijnymi	ewangelijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelicy	ewangelik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelicy	ewangelik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikach	ewangelik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelika	ewangelik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelika	ewangelik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikami	ewangelik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelik	ewangelik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikiem	ewangelik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliki	ewangelik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliki	ewangelik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikom	ewangelik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikowi	ewangelik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelików	ewangelik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelików	ewangelik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliku	ewangelik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliku	ewangelik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalnościach	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalnościami	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalnością	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalności	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalnościom	ewangelikalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalność	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalność	ewangelikalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelikalna	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewangelikalną	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewangelikalną	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewangelikalne	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelikalne	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelikalne	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalne	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalnego	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewangelikalnego	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalnej	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewangelikalnej	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewangelikalnej	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewangelikalnemu	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalni	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelikalno	ewangelikalny	adja		
ewangelikalnych	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelikalnych	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelikalnych	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelikalny	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewangelikalny	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewangelikalnym	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelikalnym	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalnym	ewangelikalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelikalnymi	ewangelikalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelistach	ewangelista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelista	ewangelista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistami	ewangelista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistą	ewangelista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistę	ewangelista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelisto	ewangelista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistom	ewangelista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistów	ewangelista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelistów	ewangelista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelisty	ewangelista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelisty	ewangelista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelisty	ewangelista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliście	ewangelista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliście	ewangelista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliści	ewangelista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangeliści	ewangelista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacjach	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacja	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacjami	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacją	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacje	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacje	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacje	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizację	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacji	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewangelizacji	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacji	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacji	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacjo	ewangelizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacjom	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyj	ewangelizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewangelizacyjnościach	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjnościami	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjnością	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjności	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjnościom	ewangelizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjność	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjność	ewangelizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewangelizacyjna	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjną	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjną	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjne	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizacyjne	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizacyjne	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjne	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjnego	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewangelizacyjnego	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjnej	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjnej	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjnej	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewangelizacyjnemu	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjni	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelizacyjno	ewangelizacyjny	adja		
ewangelizacyjnych	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewangelizacyjnych	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizacyjnych	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizacyjny	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewangelizacyjny	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewangelizacyjnym	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizacyjnym	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjnym	ewangelizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewangelizacyjnymi	ewangelizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewangelizować	ewangelizować	inf:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowaliby	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowalibyście	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowalibyśmy	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowali	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowali	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowaliście	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowaliśmy	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałaby	ewangelizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałabym	ewangelizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałabyś	ewangelizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowała	ewangelizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowała	ewangelizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałam	ewangelizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałaś	ewangelizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałby	ewangelizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałbym	ewangelizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałbyś	ewangelizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałem	ewangelizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałeś	ewangelizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizował	ewangelizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ewangelizował	ewangelizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałoby	ewangelizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałobym	ewangelizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałobyś	ewangelizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowało	ewangelizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowało	ewangelizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałom	ewangelizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałoś	ewangelizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałyby	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałybyście	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałybyśmy	ewangelizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowały	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowały	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałyście	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowałyśmy	ewangelizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowana	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaną	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowane	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowane	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanego	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanego	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanej	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanemu	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaniach	ewangelizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowania	ewangelizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowania	ewangelizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaniami	ewangelizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanie	ewangelizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaniem	ewangelizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowani	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaniom	ewangelizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowaniu	ewangelizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowano	ewangelizować	imps:imperf		daw.
ewangelizowanych	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanych	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowany	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowany	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanym	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanym	ewangelizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowanymi	ewangelizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizowań	ewangelizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizująca	ewangelizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującą	ewangelizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujące	ewangelizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujące	ewangelizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującego	ewangelizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującego	ewangelizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującej	ewangelizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującemu	ewangelizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizując	ewangelizować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ewangelizująco	ewangelizować	pacta		
ewangelizujących	ewangelizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujących	ewangelizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujący	ewangelizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujący	ewangelizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizujący	ewangelizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującym	ewangelizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującym	ewangelizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewangelizującymi	ewangelizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewangelizują	ewangelizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizujcie	ewangelizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizujecie	ewangelizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizuje	ewangelizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ewangelizujemy	ewangelizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizujesz	ewangelizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizuj	ewangelizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ewangelizuję	ewangelizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ewangelizujmy	ewangelizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ewanieliach	ewanielia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielia	ewanielia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanieliami	ewanielia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielią	ewanielia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielie	ewanielia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielie	ewanielia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielie	ewanielia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielię	ewanielia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielii	ewanielia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ewanielii	ewanielia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielii	ewanielia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielii	ewanielia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanielij	ewanielia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ewanielio	ewanielia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewanieliom	ewanielia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacjach	ewaporacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacja	ewaporacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacjami	ewaporacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacją	ewaporacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacje	ewaporacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacje	ewaporacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacje	ewaporacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporację	ewaporacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacji	ewaporacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ewaporacji	ewaporacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacji	ewaporacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacji	ewaporacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacjo	ewaporacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacjom	ewaporacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewaporacyj	ewaporacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ewaporacyjnościach	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjnościami	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjnością	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjności	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjnościom	ewaporacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjność	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjność	ewaporacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacyjna	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewaporacyjną	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewaporacyjną	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewaporacyjne	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporacyjne	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporacyjne	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjne	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjnego	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewaporacyjnego	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjnej	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewaporacyjnej	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewaporacyjnej	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewaporacyjnemu	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjni	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewaporacyjno	ewaporacyjny	adja		
ewaporacyjnych	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewaporacyjnych	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporacyjnych	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporacyjny	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewaporacyjny	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewaporacyjnym	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporacyjnym	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjnym	ewaporacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewaporacyjnymi	ewaporacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewaporancie	ewaporant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporancie	ewaporant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantach	ewaporant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantami	ewaporant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantem	ewaporant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporant	ewaporant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporant	ewaporant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantom	ewaporant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantowi	ewaporant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantów	ewaporant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporantu	ewaporant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporanty	ewaporant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporanty	ewaporant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporanty	ewaporant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacie	ewaporat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporacie	ewaporat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatach	ewaporat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatami	ewaporat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatem	ewaporat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporat	ewaporat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporat	ewaporat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatom	ewaporat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatowi	ewaporat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatów	ewaporat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporatu	ewaporat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporaty	ewaporat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporaty	ewaporat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporaty	ewaporat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografach	ewaporograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografami	ewaporograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografem	ewaporograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporograf	ewaporograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporograf	ewaporograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografie	ewaporograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografie	ewaporograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografom	ewaporograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografowi	ewaporograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografów	ewaporograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografu	ewaporograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografy	ewaporograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografy	ewaporograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporografy	ewaporograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrach	ewaporometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometra	ewaporometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrami	ewaporometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrem	ewaporometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometr	ewaporometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometr	ewaporometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrom	ewaporometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrowi	ewaporometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrów	ewaporometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometru	ewaporometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometry	ewaporometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometry	ewaporometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometry	ewaporometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrze	ewaporometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporometrze	ewaporometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporować	ewaporować	inf:imperf		przest.
ewaporowaliby	ewaporować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowalibyście	ewaporować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowalibyśmy	ewaporować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowali	ewaporować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
ewaporowali	ewaporować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowaliście	ewaporować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowaliśmy	ewaporować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałaby	ewaporować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałabym	ewaporować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałabyś	ewaporować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowała	ewaporować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
ewaporowała	ewaporować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałam	ewaporować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałaś	ewaporować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałby	ewaporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałbym	ewaporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałbyś	ewaporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałem	ewaporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałeś	ewaporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporował	ewaporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
ewaporował	ewaporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałoby	ewaporować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałobym	ewaporować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałobyś	ewaporować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowało	ewaporować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
ewaporowało	ewaporować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałom	ewaporować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałoś	ewaporować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałyby	ewaporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałybyście	ewaporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałybyśmy	ewaporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowały	ewaporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
ewaporowały	ewaporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałyście	ewaporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporowałyśmy	ewaporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporowana	ewaporować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaną	ewaporować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporowane	ewaporować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowane	ewaporować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanego	ewaporować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanego	ewaporować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanej	ewaporować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanemu	ewaporować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaniach	ewaporować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowania	ewaporować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowania	ewaporować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaniami	ewaporować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanie	ewaporować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaniem	ewaporować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowani	ewaporować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaniom	ewaporować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowaniu	ewaporować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowano	ewaporować	imps:imperf		przest.
ewaporowanych	ewaporować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanych	ewaporować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowany	ewaporować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowany	ewaporować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanym	ewaporować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanym	ewaporować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporowanymi	ewaporować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporowań	ewaporować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporująca	ewaporować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporującą	ewaporować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporujące	ewaporować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporujące	ewaporować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporującego	ewaporować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewaporującego	ewaporować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporującej	ewaporować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewaporującemu	ewaporować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporując	ewaporować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ewaporująco	ewaporować	pacta		
ewaporujących	ewaporować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaporujących	ewaporować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporujący	ewaporować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewaporujący	ewaporować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewaporujący	ewaporować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewaporującym	ewaporować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporującym	ewaporować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewaporującymi	ewaporować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewaporują	ewaporować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporujcie	ewaporować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporujecie	ewaporować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporuje	ewaporować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
ewaporujemy	ewaporować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporujesz	ewaporować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporuj	ewaporować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ewaporuję	ewaporować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporujmy	ewaporować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ewaporymetrach	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetra	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrami	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrem	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetr	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetr	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrom	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrowi	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrów	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetru	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetry	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetry	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetry	ewaporymetr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrze	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewaporymetrze	ewaporymetr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracjach	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracja	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracjami	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracją	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracje	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracje	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracje	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspirację	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracji	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewapotranspiracji	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracji	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracji	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracjo	ewapotranspiracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracjom	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewapotranspiracyj	ewapotranspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewekcjach	ewekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcja	ewekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcjami	ewekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcją	ewekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcje	ewekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcje	ewekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcje	ewekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcję	ewekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcji	ewekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewekcji	ewekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcji	ewekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcji	ewekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcjo	ewekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcjom	ewekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewekcyj	ewekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewekcie	ewekta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekcie	ewekta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewektach	ewekta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekta	ewekta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewektami	ewekta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewektą	ewekta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekt	ewekta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewektę	ewekta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekto	ewekta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewektom	ewekta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekty	ewekta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekty	ewekta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekty	ewekta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewekty	ewekta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewenemencie	ewenement	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenemencie	ewenement	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementach	ewenement	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementami	ewenement	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementem	ewenement	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenement	ewenement	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenement	ewenement	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementom	ewenement	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementowi	ewenement	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementów	ewenement	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementu	ewenement	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementy	ewenement	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementy	ewenement	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenementy	ewenement	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijscy	ewenkijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewenkijska	ewenkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewenkijską	ewenkijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewenkijską	ewenkijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewenkijskich	ewenkijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewenkijskich	ewenkijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijskich	ewenkijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijskie	ewenkijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijskie	ewenkijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijskie	ewenkijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijskie	ewenkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijskiego	ewenkijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewenkijskiego	ewenkijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijskiej	ewenkijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewenkijskiej	ewenkijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewenkijskiej	ewenkijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewenkijskiemu	ewenkijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijski	ewenkijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewenkijski	ewenkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewenkijskim	ewenkijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijskim	ewenkijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijskim	ewenkijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewenkijskimi	ewenkijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewenkijsko	ewenkijski	adja		
ewenkijsku	ewenkijski	adjp		
ewenkijsko	ewenkijsko	adv:pos		
ewenkijskościach	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskościami	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskością	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskości	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskościom	ewenkijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskość	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewenkijskość	ewenkijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewencie	ewent	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewencie	ewent	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentach	ewent	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenta	ewent	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenta	ewent	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenta	ewent	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentami	ewent	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentem	ewent	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewent	ewent	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewent	ewent	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentom	ewent	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentowi	ewent	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentów	ewent	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewentu	ewent	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenty	ewent	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenty	ewent	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewenty	ewent	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ew	ewentualnie	brev:pun		
ewentualnie	ewentualnie:d	adv:pos		
ewentualnie	ewentualnie:j	conj		
ewentualnościach	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnościami	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnością	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnościom	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualność	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualność	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnościach	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnościami	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnością	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualności	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualnościom	ewentualność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualność	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualność	ewentualność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewentualna	ewentualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewentualną	ewentualny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewentualną	ewentualny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewentualne	ewentualny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewentualne	ewentualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewentualne	ewentualny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewentualne	ewentualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewentualnego	ewentualny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewentualnego	ewentualny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewentualnej	ewentualny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewentualnej	ewentualny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewentualnej	ewentualny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewentualnemu	ewentualny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewentualni	ewentualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewentualno	ewentualny	adja		
ewentualnych	ewentualny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewentualnych	ewentualny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewentualnych	ewentualny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewentualny	ewentualny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewentualny	ewentualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewentualnym	ewentualny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewentualnym	ewentualny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewentualnym	ewentualny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewentualnymi	ewentualny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eweńscy	eweński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eweńska	eweński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eweńską	eweński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eweńską	eweński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eweńskich	eweński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eweńskich	eweński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eweńskich	eweński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eweńskie	eweński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eweńskie	eweński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eweńskie	eweński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eweńskie	eweński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eweńskiego	eweński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eweńskiego	eweński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eweńskiej	eweński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eweńskiej	eweński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eweńskiej	eweński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eweńskiemu	eweński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eweński	eweński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eweński	eweński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eweńskim	eweński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eweńskim	eweński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eweńskim	eweński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eweńskimi	eweński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eweńsko	eweński	adja		
eweńsku	eweński	adjp		
eweńsko	eweńsko	adv:pos		
eweńskościach	eweńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskościami	eweńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskością	eweńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskości	eweńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskościom	eweńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskość	eweńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eweńskość	eweńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencjach	ewidencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencja	ewidencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencjami	ewidencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencją	ewidencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencje	ewidencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencje	ewidencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencje	ewidencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencję	ewidencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencji	ewidencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewidencji	ewidencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencji	ewidencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencji	ewidencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencjo	ewidencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencjom	ewidencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyj	ewidencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewidencjonować	ewidencjonować	inf:imperf		
ewidencjonowaliby	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowalibyście	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowalibyśmy	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowali	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ewidencjonowali	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowaliście	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowaliśmy	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałaby	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałabym	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałabyś	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowała	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ewidencjonowała	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałam	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałaś	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowałby	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałbym	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałbyś	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowałem	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałeś	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonował	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ewidencjonował	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałoby	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałobym	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałobyś	ewidencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowało	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ewidencjonowało	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałom	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowałoś	ewidencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowałyby	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałybyście	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowałybyśmy	ewidencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowały	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ewidencjonowały	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonowałyście	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonowałyśmy	ewidencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonowana	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaną	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowane	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowane	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanego	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanego	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanej	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanemu	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaniach	ewidencjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowania	ewidencjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowania	ewidencjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaniami	ewidencjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanie	ewidencjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaniem	ewidencjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowani	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaniom	ewidencjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowaniu	ewidencjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowano	ewidencjonować	imps:imperf		
ewidencjonowanych	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanych	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowany	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowany	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanym	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanym	ewidencjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowanymi	ewidencjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonowań	ewidencjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonująca	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującą	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujące	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujące	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującego	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującego	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującej	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującemu	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonując	ewidencjonować	pcon:imperf		
ewidencjonująco	ewidencjonować	pacta		
ewidencjonujących	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujących	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujący	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujący	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonujący	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującym	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującym	ewidencjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonującymi	ewidencjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjonują	ewidencjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonujcie	ewidencjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonujecie	ewidencjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonuje	ewidencjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ewidencjonujemy	ewidencjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonujesz	ewidencjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonuj	ewidencjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ewidencjonuję	ewidencjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ewidencjonujmy	ewidencjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ewidencjować	ewidencjować	inf:imperf		
ewidencjowaliby	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowalibyście	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowalibyśmy	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowali	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ewidencjowali	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowaliście	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowaliśmy	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałaby	ewidencjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałabym	ewidencjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałabyś	ewidencjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowała	ewidencjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ewidencjowała	ewidencjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałam	ewidencjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałaś	ewidencjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowałby	ewidencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałbym	ewidencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałbyś	ewidencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowałem	ewidencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałeś	ewidencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjował	ewidencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ewidencjował	ewidencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałoby	ewidencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałobym	ewidencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałobyś	ewidencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowało	ewidencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ewidencjowało	ewidencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałom	ewidencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowałoś	ewidencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowałyby	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałybyście	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowałybyśmy	ewidencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowały	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ewidencjowały	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewidencjowałyście	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewidencjowałyśmy	ewidencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewidencjowana	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaną	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowane	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowane	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanego	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanego	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanej	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanemu	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaniach	ewidencjować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowania	ewidencjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowania	ewidencjować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaniami	ewidencjować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanie	ewidencjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaniem	ewidencjować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowani	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaniom	ewidencjować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowaniu	ewidencjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowano	ewidencjować	imps:imperf		
ewidencjowanych	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanych	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowany	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowany	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanym	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanym	ewidencjować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowanymi	ewidencjować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjowań	ewidencjować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjująca	ewidencjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującą	ewidencjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujące	ewidencjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujące	ewidencjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującego	ewidencjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującego	ewidencjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującej	ewidencjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującemu	ewidencjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjując	ewidencjować	pcon:imperf		
ewidencjująco	ewidencjować	pacta		
ewidencjujących	ewidencjować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujących	ewidencjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujący	ewidencjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujący	ewidencjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjujący	ewidencjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującym	ewidencjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującym	ewidencjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewidencjującymi	ewidencjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewidencjują	ewidencjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ewidencjujcie	ewidencjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ewidencjujecie	ewidencjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ewidencjuje	ewidencjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ewidencjujemy	ewidencjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ewidencjujesz	ewidencjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ewidencjuj	ewidencjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ewidencjuję	ewidencjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ewidencjujmy	ewidencjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ewidencyjnie	ewidencyjnie	adv:pos		
ewidencyjnościach	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjnościami	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjnością	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjności	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjnościom	ewidencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjność	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjność	ewidencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidencyjna	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewidencyjną	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewidencyjną	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewidencyjne	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewidencyjne	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewidencyjne	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjne	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjnego	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewidencyjnego	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjnej	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewidencyjnej	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewidencyjnej	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewidencyjnemu	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjni	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewidencyjno	ewidencyjny	adja		
ewidencyjnych	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewidencyjnych	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidencyjnych	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidencyjny	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewidencyjny	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewidencyjnym	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidencyjnym	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjnym	ewidencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidencyjnymi	ewidencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentnie	ewidentnie	adv:pos		
ewidentniej	ewidentnie	adv:com		
ewidentnościach	ewidentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentnościami	ewidentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentnością	ewidentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentności	ewidentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentnościom	ewidentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentność	ewidentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentność	ewidentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewidentna	ewidentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewidentną	ewidentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewidentną	ewidentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewidentne	ewidentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentne	ewidentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentne	ewidentny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewidentne	ewidentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewidentnego	ewidentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewidentnego	ewidentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidentnej	ewidentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewidentnej	ewidentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewidentnej	ewidentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewidentnemu	ewidentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidentni	ewidentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewidentno	ewidentny	adja		
ewidentnych	ewidentny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewidentnych	ewidentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentnych	ewidentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentny	ewidentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewidentny	ewidentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewidentnym	ewidentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewidentnym	ewidentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidentnym	ewidentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewidentnymi	ewidentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewikcjach	ewikcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcja	ewikcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcjami	ewikcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcją	ewikcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcje	ewikcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcje	ewikcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcje	ewikcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcję	ewikcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcji	ewikcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewikcji	ewikcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcji	ewikcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcji	ewikcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcjo	ewikcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcjom	ewikcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewikcyj	ewikcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewikcyjnościach	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjnościami	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjnością	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjności	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjnościom	ewikcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjność	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjność	ewikcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ewikcyjna	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjną	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjną	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjne	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjne	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjne	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjne	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnego	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnego	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnej	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnej	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnej	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnemu	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjni	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ewikcyjno	ewikcyjny	adja		daw.
ewikcyjnych	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnych	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnych	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjny	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjny	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnym	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnym	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnym	ewikcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ewikcyjnymi	ewikcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ewinkować	ewinkować	inf:imperf		praw.
ewinkowaliby	ewinkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowalibyście	ewinkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowalibyśmy	ewinkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowali	ewinkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		praw.
ewinkowali	ewinkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowaliście	ewinkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowaliśmy	ewinkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałaby	ewinkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałabym	ewinkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałabyś	ewinkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowała	ewinkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		praw.
ewinkowała	ewinkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałam	ewinkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałaś	ewinkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałby	ewinkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałbym	ewinkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałbyś	ewinkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałem	ewinkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałeś	ewinkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkował	ewinkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		praw.
ewinkował	ewinkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałoby	ewinkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałobym	ewinkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałobyś	ewinkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowało	ewinkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		praw.
ewinkowało	ewinkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałom	ewinkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałoś	ewinkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałyby	ewinkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałybyście	ewinkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałybyśmy	ewinkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowały	ewinkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		praw.
ewinkowały	ewinkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałyście	ewinkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkowałyśmy	ewinkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkowana	ewinkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaną	ewinkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkowane	ewinkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowane	ewinkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanego	ewinkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanego	ewinkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanej	ewinkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanemu	ewinkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaniach	ewinkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowania	ewinkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowania	ewinkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaniami	ewinkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanie	ewinkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaniem	ewinkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowani	ewinkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaniom	ewinkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowaniu	ewinkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowano	ewinkować	imps:imperf		praw.
ewinkowanych	ewinkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanych	ewinkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowany	ewinkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowany	ewinkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanym	ewinkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanym	ewinkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkowanymi	ewinkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkowań	ewinkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkująca	ewinkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkującą	ewinkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkujące	ewinkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkujące	ewinkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkującego	ewinkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewinkującego	ewinkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkującej	ewinkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewinkującemu	ewinkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkując	ewinkować	pcon:imperf		praw.
ewinkująco	ewinkować	pacta		
ewinkujących	ewinkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewinkujących	ewinkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkujący	ewinkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewinkujący	ewinkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewinkujący	ewinkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewinkującym	ewinkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkującym	ewinkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewinkującymi	ewinkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewinkują	ewinkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkujcie	ewinkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkujecie	ewinkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkuje	ewinkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		praw.
ewinkujemy	ewinkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkujesz	ewinkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkuj	ewinkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		praw.
ewinkuję	ewinkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		praw.
ewinkujmy	ewinkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		praw.
ewipanach	ewipan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanami	ewipan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanem	ewipan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipan	ewipan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipan	ewipan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanie	ewipan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanie	ewipan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanom	ewipan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanowi	ewipan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanów	ewipan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipanu	ewipan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipany	ewipan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipany	ewipan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewipany	ewipan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacjach	ewokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacja	ewokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacjami	ewokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacją	ewokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacje	ewokacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacje	ewokacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacje	ewokacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokację	ewokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacji	ewokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewokacji	ewokacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacji	ewokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacji	ewokacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacjo	ewokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacjom	ewokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyj	ewokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewokacyjnościach	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjnościami	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjnością	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjności	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjnościom	ewokacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjność	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjność	ewokacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewokacyjna	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewokacyjną	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewokacyjną	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewokacyjne	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewokacyjne	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewokacyjne	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjne	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjnego	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewokacyjnego	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjnej	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewokacyjnej	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewokacyjnej	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewokacyjnemu	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjni	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewokacyjno	ewokacyjny	adja		
ewokacyjnych	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewokacyjnych	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewokacyjnych	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewokacyjny	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewokacyjny	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewokacyjnym	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewokacyjnym	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjnym	ewokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewokacyjnymi	ewokacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewokować	ewokować	inf:imperf.perf		
ewokowaliby	ewokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowalibyście	ewokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowalibyśmy	ewokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowali	ewokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
ewokowali	ewokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowaliście	ewokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowaliśmy	ewokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałaby	ewokować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałabym	ewokować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałabyś	ewokować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowała	ewokować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
ewokowała	ewokować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałam	ewokować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałaś	ewokować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowałby	ewokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałbym	ewokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałbyś	ewokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowałem	ewokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałeś	ewokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokował	ewokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
ewokował	ewokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałoby	ewokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałobym	ewokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałobyś	ewokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowało	ewokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
ewokowało	ewokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałom	ewokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowałoś	ewokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowałyby	ewokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałybyście	ewokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowałybyśmy	ewokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowały	ewokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
ewokowały	ewokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokowałyście	ewokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokowałyśmy	ewokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokowana	ewokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaną	ewokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowane	ewokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowane	ewokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanego	ewokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanego	ewokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanej	ewokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanemu	ewokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaniach	ewokować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowania	ewokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowania	ewokować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaniami	ewokować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanie	ewokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaniem	ewokować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowani	ewokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaniom	ewokować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowaniu	ewokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowano	ewokować	imps:imperf.perf		
ewokowanych	ewokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanych	ewokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowany	ewokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowany	ewokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanym	ewokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanym	ewokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowanymi	ewokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowań	ewokować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
ewokowawszy	ewokować	pant:perf		
ewokująca	ewokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewokującą	ewokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewokujące	ewokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewokujące	ewokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewokującego	ewokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewokującego	ewokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewokującej	ewokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewokującemu	ewokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewokując	ewokować	pcon:imperf		
ewokująco	ewokować	pacta		
ewokujących	ewokować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewokujących	ewokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewokujący	ewokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewokujący	ewokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewokujący	ewokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewokującym	ewokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewokującym	ewokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewokującymi	ewokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewokują	ewokować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokujcie	ewokować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokujecie	ewokować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokuje	ewokować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
ewokujemy	ewokować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokujesz	ewokować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokuj	ewokować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
ewokuję	ewokować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
ewokujmy	ewokować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
ewolucjach	ewolucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucja	ewolucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjami	ewolucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucją	ewolucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucje	ewolucja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucje	ewolucja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucje	ewolucja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucję	ewolucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucji	ewolucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ewolucji	ewolucja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucji	ewolucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucji	ewolucja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjo	ewolucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjom	ewolucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyj	ewolucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ewolucjonistach	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonista	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistami	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistą	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistę	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonisto	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistom	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistów	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistów	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonisty	ewolucjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonisty	ewolucjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonisty	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjoniście	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjoniście	ewolucjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjoniści	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjoniści	ewolucjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistycznościach	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistycznościami	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistycznością	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczności	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistycznościom	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczność	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczność	ewolucjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonistyczna	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewolucjonistyczną	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewolucjonistyczną	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewolucjonistyczne	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonistyczne	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonistyczne	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistyczne	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistycznego	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewolucjonistycznego	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistycznej	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewolucjonistycznej	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewolucjonistycznej	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewolucjonistycznemu	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistyczni	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolucjonistyczno	ewolucjonistyczny	adja		
ewolucjonistycznych	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolucjonistycznych	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonistycznych	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonistyczny	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewolucjonistyczny	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewolucjonistycznym	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonistycznym	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistycznym	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucjonistycznymi	ewolucjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucjonizmach	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmami	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmem	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizm	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizm	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmie	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmie	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmom	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmowi	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmów	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmu	ewolucjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmy	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmy	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucjonizmy	ewolucjonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjnie	ewolucyjnie	adv:pos		
ewolucyjnościach	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjnościami	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjnością	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjności	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjnościom	ewolucyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjność	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjność	ewolucyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucyjna	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewolucyjną	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewolucyjną	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewolucyjne	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucyjne	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucyjne	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjne	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjnego	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewolucyjnego	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjnej	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewolucyjnej	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewolucyjnej	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewolucyjnemu	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjni	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolucyjno	ewolucyjny	adja		
ewolucyjnych	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolucyjnych	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucyjnych	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucyjny	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewolucyjny	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewolucyjnym	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolucyjnym	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjnym	ewolucyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolucyjnymi	ewolucyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewoluować	ewoluować	inf:imperf		
ewoluowaliby	ewoluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewoluowalibyście	ewoluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewoluowalibyśmy	ewoluować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewoluowali	ewoluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
ewoluowali	ewoluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
ewoluowaliście	ewoluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
ewoluowaliśmy	ewoluować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałaby	ewoluować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałabym	ewoluować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałabyś	ewoluować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewoluowała	ewoluować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ewoluowała	ewoluować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałam	ewoluować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałaś	ewoluować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ewoluowałby	ewoluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałbym	ewoluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałbyś	ewoluować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewoluowałem	ewoluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałeś	ewoluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ewoluował	ewoluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ewoluował	ewoluować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałoby	ewoluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałobym	ewoluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałobyś	ewoluować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewoluowało	ewoluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
ewoluowało	ewoluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałom	ewoluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
ewoluowałoś	ewoluować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
ewoluowałyby	ewoluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałybyście	ewoluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewoluowałybyśmy	ewoluować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewoluowały	ewoluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
ewoluowały	ewoluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
ewoluowałyście	ewoluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
ewoluowałyśmy	ewoluować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
ewoluowaniach	ewoluować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowania	ewoluować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowania	ewoluować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowaniami	ewoluować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowanie	ewoluować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowaniem	ewoluować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowaniom	ewoluować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowaniu	ewoluować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluowano	ewoluować	imps:imperf		
ewoluowań	ewoluować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluująca	ewoluować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ewoluującą	ewoluować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ewoluujące	ewoluować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewoluujące	ewoluować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluującego	ewoluować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ewoluującego	ewoluować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluującej	ewoluować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ewoluującemu	ewoluować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluując	ewoluować	pcon:imperf		
ewoluująco	ewoluować	pacta		
ewoluujących	ewoluować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewoluujących	ewoluować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewoluujący	ewoluować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ewoluujący	ewoluować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ewoluujący	ewoluować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ewoluującym	ewoluować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewoluującym	ewoluować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ewoluującymi	ewoluować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ewoluują	ewoluować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ewoluujcie	ewoluować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ewoluujecie	ewoluować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ewoluuje	ewoluować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ewoluujemy	ewoluować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ewoluujesz	ewoluować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ewoluuj	ewoluować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ewoluuję	ewoluować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ewoluujmy	ewoluować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ewolucie	ewoluta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolucie	ewoluta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutach	ewoluta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluta	ewoluta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutami	ewoluta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutą	ewoluta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolut	ewoluta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutę	ewoluta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluto	ewoluta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutom	ewoluta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluty	ewoluta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluty	ewoluta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluty	ewoluta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewoluty	ewoluta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutnościach	ewolutność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutnościami	ewolutność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutnością	ewolutność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutności	ewolutność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutnościom	ewolutność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutność	ewolutność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutność	ewolutność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutna	ewolutny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewolutną	ewolutny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewolutną	ewolutny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewolutne	ewolutny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutne	ewolutny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutne	ewolutny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolutne	ewolutny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolutnego	ewolutny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewolutnego	ewolutny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutnej	ewolutny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewolutnej	ewolutny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewolutnej	ewolutny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewolutnemu	ewolutny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutni	ewolutny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolutno	ewolutny	adja		
ewolutnych	ewolutny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolutnych	ewolutny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutnych	ewolutny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutny	ewolutny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewolutny	ewolutny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewolutnym	ewolutny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutnym	ewolutny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutnym	ewolutny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutnymi	ewolutny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywnie	ewolutywnie	adv:pos		
ewolutywnościach	ewolutywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywnościami	ewolutywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywnością	ewolutywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywności	ewolutywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywnościom	ewolutywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywność	ewolutywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywność	ewolutywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolutywna	ewolutywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ewolutywną	ewolutywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ewolutywną	ewolutywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ewolutywne	ewolutywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywne	ewolutywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywne	ewolutywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywne	ewolutywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywnego	ewolutywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ewolutywnego	ewolutywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywnej	ewolutywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ewolutywnej	ewolutywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ewolutywnej	ewolutywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ewolutywnemu	ewolutywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywni	ewolutywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolutywno	ewolutywny	adja		
ewolutywnych	ewolutywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ewolutywnych	ewolutywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywnych	ewolutywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywny	ewolutywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ewolutywny	ewolutywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ewolutywnym	ewolutywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolutywnym	ewolutywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywnym	ewolutywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ewolutywnymi	ewolutywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ewolwencie	ewolwenta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwencie	ewolwenta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwentach	ewolwenta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwenta	ewolwenta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwentami	ewolwenta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwentą	ewolwenta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwent	ewolwenta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwentę	ewolwenta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwento	ewolwenta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwentom	ewolwenta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwenty	ewolwenta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwenty	ewolwenta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwenty	ewolwenta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ewolwenty	ewolwenta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsjach	eworsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsja	eworsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsjami	eworsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsją	eworsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsje	eworsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsje	eworsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsje	eworsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsję	eworsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsji	eworsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
eworsji	eworsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsji	eworsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsji	eworsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsjo	eworsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsjom	eworsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyj	eworsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
eworsyjnościach	eworsyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjnościami	eworsyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjnością	eworsyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjności	eworsyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjnościom	eworsyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjność	eworsyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjność	eworsyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
eworsyjna	eworsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
eworsyjną	eworsyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
eworsyjną	eworsyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
eworsyjne	eworsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eworsyjne	eworsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
eworsyjne	eworsyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjne	eworsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjnego	eworsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
eworsyjnego	eworsyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjnej	eworsyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
eworsyjnej	eworsyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
eworsyjnej	eworsyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
eworsyjnemu	eworsyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjni	eworsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
eworsyjno	eworsyjny	adja		
eworsyjnych	eworsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
eworsyjnych	eworsyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eworsyjnych	eworsyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eworsyjny	eworsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
eworsyjny	eworsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
eworsyjnym	eworsyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
eworsyjnym	eworsyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjnym	eworsyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
eworsyjnymi	eworsyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
exemplach	exemplum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exempla	exemplum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exempla	exemplum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exempla	exemplum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplami	exemplum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplom	exemplum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplów	exemplum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exemplum	exemplum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exequatur	exequatur	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exodosach	exodos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosami	exodos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosem	exodos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodos	exodos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodos	exodos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosie	exodos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosie	exodos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosom	exodos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosowi	exodos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosów	exodos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosu	exodos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosy	exodos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosy	exodos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodosy	exodos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusach	exodus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusami	exodus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusem	exodus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodus	exodus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodus	exodus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusie	exodus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusie	exodus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusom	exodus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusowi	exodus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusów	exodus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusu	exodus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusy	exodus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusy	exodus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exodusy	exodus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
explicite	explicite	adv		
expo	expo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expo	expo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exposé	exposé	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
expresach	expres	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresami	expres	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresem	expres	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expres	expres	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expres	expres	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresie	expres	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresie	expres	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresom	expres	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresowi	expres	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresów	expres	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresu	expres	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresy	expres	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresy	expres	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
expresy	expres	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
exsequatur	exsequatur	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
extra	extra:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
extra	extra:d	adv:pos		
extranecie	extranet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranecie	extranet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetach	extranet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetami	extranet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetem	extranet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranet	extranet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranet	extranet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetom	extranet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetowi	extranet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetów	extranet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranetu	extranet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranety	extranet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranety	extranet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
extranety	extranet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
eyelinerach	eyeliner	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinera	eyeliner	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerami	eyeliner	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerem	eyeliner	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyeliner	eyeliner	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyeliner	eyeliner	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerom	eyeliner	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerowi	eyeliner	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerów	eyeliner	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinery	eyeliner	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinery	eyeliner	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinery	eyeliner	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerze	eyeliner	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eyelinerze	eyeliner	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopach	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopami	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopem	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskop	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskop	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopie	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopie	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopom	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopowi	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopów	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopu	ezofagoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopy	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopy	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopy	ezofagoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopiach	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopia	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopiami	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopią	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopie	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopie	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopie	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopię	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopii	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ezofagoskopii	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopii	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopii	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopij	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ezofagoskopio	ezofagoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezofagoskopiom	ezofagoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowościach	ezopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowościami	ezopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowością	ezopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowości	ezopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowościom	ezopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowość	ezopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowość	ezopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezopowa	ezopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ezopową	ezopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ezopową	ezopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ezopowe	ezopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ezopowe	ezopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ezopowe	ezopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ezopowe	ezopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ezopowego	ezopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ezopowego	ezopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezopowej	ezopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ezopowej	ezopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ezopowej	ezopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ezopowemu	ezopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezopowi	ezopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ezopowo	ezopowy	adja		
ezopowych	ezopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ezopowych	ezopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezopowych	ezopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezopowy	ezopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ezopowy	ezopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ezopowym	ezopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezopowym	ezopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezopowym	ezopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezopowymi	ezopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezoterycznie	ezoterycznie	adv:pos		
ezoterycznościach	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterycznościami	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterycznością	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczności	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterycznościom	ezoteryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczność	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczność	ezoteryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryczna	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ezoteryczną	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ezoteryczną	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ezoteryczne	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ezoteryczne	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ezoteryczne	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ezoteryczne	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ezoterycznego	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ezoterycznego	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezoterycznej	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ezoterycznej	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ezoterycznej	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ezoterycznemu	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezoteryczni	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ezoteryczno	ezoteryczny	adja		
ezoterycznych	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ezoterycznych	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezoterycznych	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezoteryczny	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ezoteryczny	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ezoterycznym	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezoterycznym	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezoterycznym	ezoteryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ezoterycznymi	ezoteryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ezoterycy	ezoteryk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterycy	ezoteryk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykach	ezoteryk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryka	ezoteryk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryka	ezoteryk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykami	ezoteryk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryk	ezoteryk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykiem	ezoteryk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykom	ezoteryk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykowi	ezoteryk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryków	ezoteryk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryków	ezoteryk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryku	ezoteryk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryku	ezoteryk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryce	ezoteryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryce	ezoteryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykach	ezoteryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryka	ezoteryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykami	ezoteryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryką	ezoteryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryk	ezoteryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykę	ezoteryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryki	ezoteryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryko	ezoteryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoterykom	ezoteryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmach	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmami	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmem	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzm	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzm	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmie	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmie	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmom	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmowi	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmów	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmu	ezoteryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmy	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmy	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ezoteryzmy	ezoteryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorach	eżektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektora	eżektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorami	eżektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorem	eżektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektor	eżektor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektor	eżektor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorom	eżektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorowi	eżektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorów	eżektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektory	eżektor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektory	eżektor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektory	eżektor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorze	eżektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
eżektorze	eżektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
