fa	fa	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fa	fa	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fabianach	fabianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianami	fabianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabian	fabianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabian	fabianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianie	fabianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianie	fabianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianina	fabianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianina	fabianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianinem	fabianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianin	fabianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianinie	fabianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianinie	fabianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianinowi	fabianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianom	fabianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianów	fabianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabianów	fabianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabiany	fabianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabiany	fabianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmach	fabianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmami	fabianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmem	fabianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizm	fabianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizm	fabianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmie	fabianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmie	fabianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmom	fabianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmowi	fabianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmów	fabianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmu	fabianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmy	fabianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmy	fabianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabianizmy	fabianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańscy	fabiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabiańska	fabiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabiańską	fabiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabiańską	fabiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabiańskich	fabiański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabiańskich	fabiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańskich	fabiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańskie	fabiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańskie	fabiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańskie	fabiański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabiańskie	fabiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabiańskiego	fabiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabiańskiego	fabiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabiańskiej	fabiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabiańskiej	fabiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabiańskiej	fabiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabiańskiemu	fabiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabiański	fabiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabiański	fabiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabiańskim	fabiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańskim	fabiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabiańskim	fabiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabiańskimi	fabiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabiańsko	fabiański	adja		
fabiańsku	fabiański	adjp		
fabiańsko	fabiańsko	adv:pos		
fabiańskościach	fabiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskościami	fabiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskością	fabiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskości	fabiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskościom	fabiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskość	fabiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabiańskość	fabiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faborek	faborek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborek	faborek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborkach	faborek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborka	faborek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborkami	faborek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborkiem	faborek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborki	faborek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborki	faborek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborki	faborek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborkom	faborek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborkowi	faborek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborków	faborek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborku	faborek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faborku	faborek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczce	fabryczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczce	fabryczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczek	fabryczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczkach	fabryczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczka	fabryczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczkami	fabryczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczką	fabryczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczkę	fabryczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczki	fabryczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczki	fabryczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczki	fabryczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczki	fabryczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczko	fabryczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczkom	fabryczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrycznie	fabrycznie	adv:pos		
fabrycznościach	fabryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrycznościami	fabryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrycznością	fabryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczności	fabryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrycznościom	fabryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczność	fabryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczność	fabryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryczna	fabryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabryczną	fabryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabryczną	fabryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabryczne	fabryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabryczne	fabryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabryczne	fabryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabryczne	fabryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabrycznego	fabryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabrycznego	fabryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrycznej	fabryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabrycznej	fabryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabrycznej	fabryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabrycznemu	fabryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabryczni	fabryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabryczno	fabryczny	adja		
fabrycznych	fabryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabrycznych	fabryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrycznych	fabryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabryczny	fabryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabryczny	fabryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabrycznym	fabryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrycznym	fabryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrycznym	fabryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrycznymi	fabryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabryce	fabryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryce	fabryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykach	fabryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryka	fabryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykami	fabryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryką	fabryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykę	fabryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryk	fabryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryki	fabryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryki	fabryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryki	fabryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryki	fabryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabryko	fabryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykom	fabryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacjach	fabrykacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacja	fabrykacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacjami	fabrykacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacją	fabrykacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacje	fabrykacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacje	fabrykacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacje	fabrykacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykację	fabrykacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacji	fabrykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fabrykacji	fabrykacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacji	fabrykacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacji	fabrykacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacjo	fabrykacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacjom	fabrykacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyj	fabrykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fabrykacyjnościach	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjnościami	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjnością	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjności	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjnościom	fabrykacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjność	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjność	fabrykacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacyjna	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabrykacyjną	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabrykacyjną	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabrykacyjne	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykacyjne	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykacyjne	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjne	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjnego	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabrykacyjnego	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjnej	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabrykacyjnej	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabrykacyjnej	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabrykacyjnemu	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjni	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabrykacyjno	fabrykacyjny	adja		
fabrykacyjnych	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabrykacyjnych	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykacyjnych	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykacyjny	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabrykacyjny	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabrykacyjnym	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykacyjnym	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjnym	fabrykacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykacyjnymi	fabrykacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykancikach	fabrykancik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancika	fabrykancik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancika	fabrykancik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikami	fabrykancik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancik	fabrykancik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikiem	fabrykancik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanciki	fabrykancik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanciki	fabrykancik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikom	fabrykancik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikowie	fabrykancik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikowie	fabrykancik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancikowi	fabrykancik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancików	fabrykancik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancików	fabrykancik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanciku	fabrykancik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanciku	fabrykancik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanccy	fabrykancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabrykancka	fabrykancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabrykancką	fabrykancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabrykancką	fabrykancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabrykanckich	fabrykancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabrykanckich	fabrykancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykanckich	fabrykancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykanckie	fabrykancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykanckie	fabrykancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykanckie	fabrykancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabrykanckie	fabrykancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabrykanckiego	fabrykancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabrykanckiego	fabrykancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykanckiej	fabrykancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabrykanckiej	fabrykancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabrykanckiej	fabrykancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabrykanckiemu	fabrykancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykancki	fabrykancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabrykancki	fabrykancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabrykanckim	fabrykancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykanckim	fabrykancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykanckim	fabrykancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabrykanckimi	fabrykancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabrykancko	fabrykancki	adja		
fabrykancku	fabrykancki	adjp		
fabrykancko	fabrykancko	adv:pos		
fabrykanckościach	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckościami	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckością	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckości	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckościom	fabrykanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckość	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanckość	fabrykanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancie	fabrykant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykancie	fabrykant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanci	fabrykant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanci	fabrykant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantach	fabrykant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanta	fabrykant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanta	fabrykant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantami	fabrykant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantem	fabrykant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykant	fabrykant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantom	fabrykant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowi	fabrykant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantów	fabrykant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantów	fabrykant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanty	fabrykant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykanty	fabrykant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantce	fabrykantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantce	fabrykantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantek	fabrykantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantkach	fabrykantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantka	fabrykantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantkami	fabrykantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantką	fabrykantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantkę	fabrykantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantki	fabrykantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantki	fabrykantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantki	fabrykantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantki	fabrykantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantko	fabrykantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantkom	fabrykantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowa	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantową	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantową	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowe	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowe	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowe	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowej	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowej	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowej	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowo	fabrykantowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowych	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowych	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowym	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykantowymi	fabrykantowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacie	fabrykat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacie	fabrykat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatach	fabrykat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatami	fabrykat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatem	fabrykat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykat	fabrykat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykat	fabrykat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatom	fabrykat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatowi	fabrykat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatów	fabrykat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykatu	fabrykat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykaty	fabrykat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykaty	fabrykat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykaty	fabrykat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabrykacie	fabrykata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykacie	fabrykata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatach	fabrykata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykata	fabrykata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatami	fabrykata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatą	fabrykata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatę	fabrykata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykat	fabrykata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykato	fabrykata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatom	fabrykata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykaty	fabrykata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykaty	fabrykata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykaty	fabrykata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykaty	fabrykata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fabrykatorach	fabrykator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatora	fabrykator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatora	fabrykator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorami	fabrykator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorem	fabrykator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykator	fabrykator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorom	fabrykator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorowi	fabrykator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorów	fabrykator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorów	fabrykator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatory	fabrykator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatory	fabrykator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorze	fabrykator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorze	fabrykator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorzy	fabrykator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykatorzy	fabrykator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabrykować	fabrykować	inf:imperf		
fabrykowaliby	fabrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fabrykowalibyście	fabrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fabrykowalibyśmy	fabrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fabrykowali	fabrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fabrykowali	fabrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fabrykowaliście	fabrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fabrykowaliśmy	fabrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałaby	fabrykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałabym	fabrykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałabyś	fabrykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fabrykowała	fabrykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fabrykowała	fabrykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałam	fabrykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałaś	fabrykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fabrykowałby	fabrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałbym	fabrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałbyś	fabrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fabrykowałem	fabrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałeś	fabrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fabrykował	fabrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fabrykował	fabrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałoby	fabrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałobym	fabrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałobyś	fabrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fabrykowało	fabrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fabrykowało	fabrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałom	fabrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fabrykowałoś	fabrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fabrykowałyby	fabrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałybyście	fabrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fabrykowałybyśmy	fabrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fabrykowały	fabrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fabrykowały	fabrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fabrykowałyście	fabrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fabrykowałyśmy	fabrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fabrykowana	fabrykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaną	fabrykować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykowane	fabrykować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowane	fabrykować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanego	fabrykować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanego	fabrykować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanej	fabrykować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanemu	fabrykować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaniach	fabrykować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowania	fabrykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowania	fabrykować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaniami	fabrykować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanie	fabrykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaniem	fabrykować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowani	fabrykować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaniom	fabrykować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowaniu	fabrykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowano	fabrykować	imps:imperf		
fabrykowanych	fabrykować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanych	fabrykować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowany	fabrykować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowany	fabrykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanym	fabrykować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanym	fabrykować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykowanymi	fabrykować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykowań	fabrykować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykująca	fabrykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykującą	fabrykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykujące	fabrykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykujące	fabrykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykującego	fabrykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fabrykującego	fabrykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykującej	fabrykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fabrykującemu	fabrykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykując	fabrykować	pcon:imperf		
fabrykująco	fabrykować	pacta		
fabrykujących	fabrykować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabrykujących	fabrykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykujący	fabrykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabrykujący	fabrykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fabrykujący	fabrykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fabrykującym	fabrykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykującym	fabrykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabrykującymi	fabrykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabrykują	fabrykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fabrykujcie	fabrykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fabrykujecie	fabrykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fabrykuje	fabrykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fabrykujemy	fabrykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fabrykujesz	fabrykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fabrykuję	fabrykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fabrykuj	fabrykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fabrykujmy	fabrykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fabulacjach	fabulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacja	fabulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacjami	fabulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacją	fabulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacje	fabulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacje	fabulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacje	fabulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulację	fabulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacji	fabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fabulacji	fabulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacji	fabulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacji	fabulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacjo	fabulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacjom	fabulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulacyj	fabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fabularnie	fabularnie	adv:pos		
fabularnościach	fabularność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularnościami	fabularność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularnością	fabularność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularności	fabularność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularnościom	fabularność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularność	fabularność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularność	fabularność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularna	fabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabularną	fabularny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabularną	fabularny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabularne	fabularny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabularne	fabularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabularne	fabularny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabularne	fabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabularnego	fabularny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabularnego	fabularny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabularnej	fabularny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabularnej	fabularny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabularnej	fabularny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabularnemu	fabularny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabularni	fabularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabularno	fabularny	adja		
fabularnych	fabularny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabularnych	fabularny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabularnych	fabularny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabularny	fabularny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabularny	fabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabularnym	fabularny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabularnym	fabularny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabularnym	fabularny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabularnymi	fabularny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabularyzacjach	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacja	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacjami	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacją	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacje	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacje	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacje	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzację	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacji	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fabularyzacji	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacji	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacji	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacjo	fabularyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacjom	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzacyj	fabularyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fabularyzmach	fabularyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmami	fabularyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmem	fabularyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzm	fabularyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzm	fabularyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmie	fabularyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmie	fabularyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmom	fabularyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmowi	fabularyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmów	fabularyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmu	fabularyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmy	fabularyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmy	fabularyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzmy	fabularyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fabularyzować	fabularyzować	inf:imperf		
fabularyzowaliby	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowalibyście	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowalibyśmy	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowali	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fabularyzowali	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowaliście	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowaliśmy	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałaby	fabularyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałabym	fabularyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałabyś	fabularyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowała	fabularyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fabularyzowała	fabularyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałam	fabularyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałaś	fabularyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowałby	fabularyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałbym	fabularyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałbyś	fabularyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowałem	fabularyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałeś	fabularyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fabularyzował	fabularyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fabularyzował	fabularyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałoby	fabularyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałobym	fabularyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałobyś	fabularyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowało	fabularyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fabularyzowało	fabularyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałom	fabularyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowałoś	fabularyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowałyby	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałybyście	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowałybyśmy	fabularyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowały	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fabularyzowały	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fabularyzowałyście	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fabularyzowałyśmy	fabularyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fabularyzowana	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaną	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowane	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowane	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanego	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanego	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanej	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanemu	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaniach	fabularyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowania	fabularyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowania	fabularyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaniami	fabularyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanie	fabularyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaniem	fabularyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowani	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaniom	fabularyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowaniu	fabularyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowano	fabularyzować	imps:imperf		
fabularyzowanych	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanych	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowany	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowany	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanym	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanym	fabularyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowanymi	fabularyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzowań	fabularyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzująca	fabularyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującą	fabularyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujące	fabularyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujące	fabularyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującego	fabularyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującego	fabularyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującej	fabularyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującemu	fabularyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzując	fabularyzować	pcon:imperf		
fabularyzująco	fabularyzować	pacta		
fabularyzujących	fabularyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujących	fabularyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujący	fabularyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujący	fabularyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzujący	fabularyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującym	fabularyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującym	fabularyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fabularyzującymi	fabularyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fabularyzują	fabularyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fabularyzujcie	fabularyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fabularyzujecie	fabularyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fabularyzuje	fabularyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fabularyzujemy	fabularyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fabularyzujesz	fabularyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fabularyzuję	fabularyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fabularyzuj	fabularyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fabularyzujmy	fabularyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fabularzach	fabularz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularza	fabularz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularza	fabularz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzami	fabularz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularze	fabularz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularze	fabularz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularze	fabularz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularze	fabularz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzem	fabularz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularz	fabularz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzom	fabularz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzowi	fabularz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzu	fabularz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzu	fabularz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzy	fabularz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzy	fabularz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fabularzystach	fabularzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzysta	fabularzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystami	fabularzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystą	fabularzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystę	fabularzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzysto	fabularzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystom	fabularzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystów	fabularzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzystów	fabularzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzysty	fabularzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzysty	fabularzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzysty	fabularzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzyście	fabularzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzyście	fabularzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzyści	fabularzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabularzyści	fabularzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fabulicznościach	fabuliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulicznościami	fabuliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulicznością	fabuliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczności	fabuliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulicznościom	fabuliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczność	fabuliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczność	fabuliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuliczna	fabuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabuliczną	fabuliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabuliczną	fabuliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabuliczne	fabuliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabuliczne	fabuliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabuliczne	fabuliczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabuliczne	fabuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabulicznego	fabuliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabulicznego	fabuliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulicznej	fabuliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabulicznej	fabuliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabulicznej	fabuliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabulicznemu	fabuliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabuliczni	fabuliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabuliczno	fabuliczny	adja		
fabulicznych	fabuliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabulicznych	fabuliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulicznych	fabuliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabuliczny	fabuliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabuliczny	fabuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabulicznym	fabuliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulicznym	fabuliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulicznym	fabuliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulicznymi	fabuliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistycznościach	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistycznościami	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistycznością	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczności	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistycznościom	fabulistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczność	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczność	fabulistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyczna	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabulistyczną	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabulistyczną	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabulistyczne	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistyczne	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistyczne	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabulistyczne	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabulistycznego	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabulistycznego	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulistycznej	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabulistycznej	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabulistycznej	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabulistycznemu	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulistyczni	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabulistyczno	fabulistyczny	adja		
fabulistycznych	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabulistycznych	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistycznych	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistyczny	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabulistyczny	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabulistycznym	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistycznym	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulistycznym	fabulistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabulistycznymi	fabulistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabulistyce	fabulistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyce	fabulistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistykach	fabulistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyka	fabulistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistykami	fabulistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyką	fabulistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistykę	fabulistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyk	fabulistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyki	fabulistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyki	fabulistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyki	fabulistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyki	fabulistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistyko	fabulistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabulistykom	fabulistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabule	fabuła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabule	fabuła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułach	fabuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuła	fabuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułami	fabuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułą	fabuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułę	fabuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuł	fabuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuło	fabuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułom	fabuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuły	fabuła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuły	fabuła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuły	fabuła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabuły	fabuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułce	fabułka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułce	fabułka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułek	fabułka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułkach	fabułka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułka	fabułka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułkami	fabułka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułką	fabułka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułkę	fabułka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułki	fabułka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułki	fabułka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułki	fabułka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułki	fabułka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułko	fabułka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułkom	fabułka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowościach	fabułowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowościami	fabułowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowością	fabułowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowości	fabułowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowościom	fabułowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowość	fabułowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowość	fabułowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fabułowa	fabułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fabułową	fabułowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fabułową	fabułowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fabułowe	fabułowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabułowe	fabułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fabułowe	fabułowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fabułowe	fabułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fabułowego	fabułowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fabułowego	fabułowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabułowej	fabułowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fabułowej	fabułowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fabułowej	fabułowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fabułowemu	fabułowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabułowi	fabułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fabułowo	fabułowy	adja		
fabułowych	fabułowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fabułowych	fabułowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabułowych	fabułowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabułowy	fabułowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fabułowy	fabułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fabułowym	fabułowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fabułowym	fabułowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabułowym	fabułowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fabułowymi	fabułowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facebookach	facebook	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebookach	facebook	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooka	facebook	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooka	facebook	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooka	facebook	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebookami	facebook	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebookami	facebook	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebook	facebook	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebook	facebook	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebook	facebook	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebookiem	facebook	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebookiem	facebook	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooki	facebook	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebookom	facebook	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebookom	facebook	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowi	facebook	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowi	facebook	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooków	facebook	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooków	facebook	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooku	facebook	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooku	facebook	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebooku	facebook	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facebooku	facebook	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowościach	facebookowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowościami	facebookowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowością	facebookowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowości	facebookowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowościom	facebookowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowość	facebookowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowość	facebookowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facebookowa	facebookowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
facebookową	facebookowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
facebookową	facebookowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
facebookowe	facebookowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facebookowe	facebookowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facebookowe	facebookowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
facebookowe	facebookowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
facebookowego	facebookowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
facebookowego	facebookowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facebookowej	facebookowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
facebookowej	facebookowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
facebookowej	facebookowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
facebookowemu	facebookowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facebookowi	facebookowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
facebookowo	facebookowy	adja		
facebookowych	facebookowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
facebookowych	facebookowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facebookowych	facebookowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facebookowy	facebookowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
facebookowy	facebookowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
facebookowym	facebookowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facebookowym	facebookowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facebookowym	facebookowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facebookowymi	facebookowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facecikach	facecik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecika	facecik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecika	facecik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecikami	facecik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecik	facecik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecikiem	facecik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faceciki	facecik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faceciki	facecik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facecikom	facecik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecikowie	facecik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecikowie	facecik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecikowi	facecik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecików	facecik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecików	facecik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faceciku	facecik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faceciku	facecik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecistach	facecista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecista	facecista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistami	facecista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistą	facecista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistę	facecista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecisto	facecista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistom	facecista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistów	facecista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecistów	facecista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecisty	facecista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecisty	facecista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecisty	facecista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faceciście	facecista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faceciście	facecista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faceciści	facecista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faceciści	facecista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjach	facecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecja	facecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjami	facecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecją	facecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecje	facecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecje	facecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecje	facecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecję	facecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecji	facecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
facecji	facecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecji	facecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecji	facecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjo	facecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjom	facecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyj	facecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
facecjonacie	facecjonat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonacie	facecjonat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonaci	facecjonat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonaci	facecjonat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatach	facecjonat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonata	facecjonat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonata	facecjonat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatami	facecjonat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatem	facecjonat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonat	facecjonat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatom	facecjonat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatowi	facecjonat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatów	facecjonat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonatów	facecjonat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonaty	facecjonat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonaty	facecjonat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facecjonistach	facecjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonista	facecjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistami	facecjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistą	facecjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistę	facecjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonisto	facecjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistom	facecjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistów	facecjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistów	facecjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonisty	facecjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonisty	facecjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonisty	facecjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjoniście	facecjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjoniście	facecjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjoniści	facecjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjoniści	facecjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistycznościach	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistycznościami	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistycznością	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczności	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistycznościom	facecjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczność	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczność	facecjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecjonistyczna	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
facecjonistyczną	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
facecjonistyczną	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
facecjonistyczne	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facecjonistyczne	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facecjonistyczne	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistyczne	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistycznego	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
facecjonistycznego	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistycznej	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
facecjonistycznej	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
facecjonistycznej	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
facecjonistycznemu	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistyczni	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
facecjonistyczno	facecjonistyczny	adja		
facecjonistycznych	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
facecjonistycznych	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facecjonistycznych	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facecjonistyczny	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
facecjonistyczny	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
facecjonistycznym	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facecjonistycznym	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistycznym	facecjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facecjonistycznymi	facecjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facecyjce	facecyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjce	facecyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjek	facecyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjkach	facecyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjka	facecyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjkami	facecyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjką	facecyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjkę	facecyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjki	facecyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjki	facecyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjki	facecyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjki	facecyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjko	facecyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecyjkom	facecyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelecie	facelet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelecie	facelet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletach	facelet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceleta	facelet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletami	facelet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletem	facelet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelet	facelet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelet	facelet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletom	facelet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletowi	facelet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletów	facelet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceletu	facelet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelety	facelet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelety	facelet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facelety	facelet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faceliach	facelia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelia	facelia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliami	facelia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelią	facelia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelie	facelia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelie	facelia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelie	facelia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelię	facelia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelii	facelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
facelii	facelia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelii	facelia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelii	facelia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facelij	facelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
facelio	facelia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliom	facelia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatościach	faceliowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatościami	faceliowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatością	faceliowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatości	faceliowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatościom	faceliowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatość	faceliowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowatość	faceliowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowaci	faceliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faceliowata	faceliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faceliowatą	faceliowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faceliowatą	faceliowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faceliowate	faceliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowate	faceliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowate	faceliowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faceliowate	faceliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faceliowatego	faceliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faceliowatego	faceliowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowatej	faceliowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faceliowatej	faceliowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faceliowatej	faceliowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faceliowatemu	faceliowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowato	faceliowaty	adja		
faceliowatych	faceliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faceliowatych	faceliowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowatych	faceliowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowaty	faceliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faceliowaty	faceliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faceliowatym	faceliowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowatym	faceliowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowatym	faceliowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowatymi	faceliowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowościach	faceliowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowościami	faceliowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowością	faceliowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowości	faceliowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowościom	faceliowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowość	faceliowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowość	faceliowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceliowa	faceliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faceliową	faceliowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faceliową	faceliowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faceliowe	faceliowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowe	faceliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowe	faceliowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faceliowe	faceliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faceliowego	faceliowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faceliowego	faceliowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowej	faceliowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faceliowej	faceliowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faceliowej	faceliowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faceliowemu	faceliowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowi	faceliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faceliowo	faceliowy	adja		
faceliowych	faceliowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faceliowych	faceliowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowych	faceliowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowy	faceliowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faceliowy	faceliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faceliowym	faceliowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faceliowym	faceliowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowym	faceliowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faceliowymi	faceliowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facendach	facenda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facenda	facenda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendami	facenda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendą	facenda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendę	facenda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facend	facenda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendo	facenda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendom	facenda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendy	facenda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendy	facenda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendy	facenda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendy	facenda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendzie	facenda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facendzie	facenda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facecie	facet	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facecie	facet	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faceci	facet	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faceci	facet	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetach	facet	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faceta	facet	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faceta	facet	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetami	facet	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetem	facet	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facet	facet	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetom	facet	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetowi	facet	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetów	facet	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetów	facet	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facety	facet	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facety	facet	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faceteczce	faceteczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczce	faceteczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczek	faceteczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczkach	faceteczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczka	faceteczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczkami	faceteczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczką	faceteczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczkę	faceteczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczki	faceteczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczki	faceteczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczki	faceteczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczki	faceteczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczko	faceteczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faceteczkom	faceteczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facetce	facetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetce	facetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetek	facetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetkach	facetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetka	facetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetkami	facetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetką	facetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetkę	facetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetki	facetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetki	facetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetki	facetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetki	facetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetko	facetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetkom	facetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
facetusach	facetus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusa	facetus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusa	facetus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusami	facetus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusem	facetus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetus	facetus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusie	facetus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusie	facetus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusi	facetus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusi	facetus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusom	facetus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusowi	facetus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusów	facetus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusów	facetus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusy	facetus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facetusy	facetus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachach	fach	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachami	fach	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachem	fach	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fach	fach	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fach	fach	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachom	fach	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachowi	fach	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachów	fach	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachu	fach	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachu	fach	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachu	fach	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachy	fach	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachy	fach	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachy	fach	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fachach	facha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facha	facha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachami	facha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachą	facha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachę	facha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fach	facha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
facho	facha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachom	facha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachy	facha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachy	facha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachy	facha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachy	facha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fasze	facha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fasze	facha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fachmanach	fachman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmana	fachman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmana	fachman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanami	fachman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanem	fachman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachman	fachman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanie	fachman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanie	fachman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmani	fachman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmani	fachman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanom	fachman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanowi	fachman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanów	fachman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanów	fachman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachmany	fachman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fachmany	fachman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fachmance	fachmanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmance	fachmanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanek	fachmanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmankach	fachmanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanka	fachmanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmankami	fachmanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanką	fachmanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmankę	fachmanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanki	fachmanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanki	fachmanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanki	fachmanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanki	fachmanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmanko	fachmanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachmankom	fachmanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowie	fachowie	adv:pos		daw.
fachowcach	fachowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowca	fachowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowca	fachowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcami	fachowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowce	fachowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fachowce	fachowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcem	fachowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcom	fachowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcowi	fachowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowców	fachowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowców	fachowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcu	fachowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcu	fachowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcy	fachowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowcy	fachowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowiec	fachowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fachowo	fachowo	adv:pos		
fachowościach	fachowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowościami	fachowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowością	fachowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowości	fachowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowościom	fachowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowość	fachowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowość	fachowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fachowa	fachowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fachową	fachowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fachową	fachowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fachowe	fachowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fachowe	fachowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fachowe	fachowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fachowe	fachowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fachowego	fachowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fachowego	fachowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fachowej	fachowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fachowej	fachowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fachowej	fachowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fachowemu	fachowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fachowi	fachowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fachowo	fachowy	adja		
fachowych	fachowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fachowych	fachowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fachowych	fachowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fachowy	fachowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fachowy	fachowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fachowym	fachowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fachowym	fachowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fachowym	fachowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fachowymi	fachowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fachurach	fachura	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachura	fachura	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurami	fachura	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurą	fachura	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurę	fachura	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachuro	fachura	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurom	fachura	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurów	fachura	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurów	fachura	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachury	fachura	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachury	fachura	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachury	fachura	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurze	fachura	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurze	fachura	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurzy	fachura	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fachurzy	fachura	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faciach	facio	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facia	facio	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facia	facio	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciami	facio	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facie	facio	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
facie	facio	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faciem	facio	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facio	facio	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciom	facio	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciowie	facio	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciowie	facio	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciowi	facio	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciów	facio	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciów	facio	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciu	facio	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faciu	facio	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
facjach	facja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facja	facja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjami	facja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facją	facja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facje	facja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facje	facja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facje	facja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fację	facja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facji	facja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
facji	facja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facji	facja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facji	facja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjo	facja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjom	facja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facyj	facja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
facjalnościach	facjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalnościami	facjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalnością	facjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalności	facjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalnościom	facjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalność	facjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalność	facjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjalna	facjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
facjalną	facjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
facjalną	facjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
facjalne	facjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facjalne	facjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facjalne	facjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
facjalne	facjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
facjalnego	facjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
facjalnego	facjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjalnej	facjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
facjalnej	facjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
facjalnej	facjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
facjalnemu	facjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjalni	facjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
facjalno	facjalny	adja		
facjalnych	facjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
facjalnych	facjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjalnych	facjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjalny	facjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
facjalny	facjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
facjalnym	facjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjalnym	facjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjalnym	facjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjalnymi	facjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjacie	facjata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjacie	facjata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatach	facjata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjata	facjata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatami	facjata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatą	facjata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatę	facjata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjat	facjata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjato	facjata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatom	facjata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjaty	facjata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjaty	facjata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjaty	facjata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjaty	facjata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatce	facjatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatce	facjatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatek	facjatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkach	facjatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatka	facjatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkami	facjatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatką	facjatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkę	facjatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatki	facjatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatki	facjatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatki	facjatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatki	facjatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatko	facjatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkom	facjatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowościach	facjatkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowościami	facjatkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowością	facjatkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowości	facjatkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowościom	facjatkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowość	facjatkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowość	facjatkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
facjatkowa	facjatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
facjatkową	facjatkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
facjatkową	facjatkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
facjatkowe	facjatkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facjatkowe	facjatkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
facjatkowe	facjatkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowe	facjatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowego	facjatkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
facjatkowego	facjatkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowej	facjatkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
facjatkowej	facjatkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
facjatkowej	facjatkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
facjatkowemu	facjatkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowi	facjatkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
facjatkowo	facjatkowy	adja		
facjatkowych	facjatkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
facjatkowych	facjatkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjatkowych	facjatkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjatkowy	facjatkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
facjatkowy	facjatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
facjatkowym	facjatkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjatkowym	facjatkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowym	facjatkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
facjatkowymi	facjatkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
facjendach	facjenda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjenda	facjenda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendami	facjenda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendą	facjenda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendę	facjenda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjend	facjenda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendo	facjenda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendom	facjenda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendy	facjenda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendy	facjenda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendy	facjenda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendy	facjenda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendzie	facjenda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendzie	facjenda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarscy	facjendarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
facjendarska	facjendarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
facjendarską	facjendarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
facjendarską	facjendarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
facjendarskich	facjendarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
facjendarskich	facjendarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarskich	facjendarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarskie	facjendarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarskie	facjendarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarskie	facjendarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarskie	facjendarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarskiego	facjendarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
facjendarskiego	facjendarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarskiej	facjendarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
facjendarskiej	facjendarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
facjendarskiej	facjendarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
facjendarskiemu	facjendarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarski	facjendarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
facjendarski	facjendarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
facjendarskim	facjendarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarskim	facjendarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarskim	facjendarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
facjendarskimi	facjendarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
facjendarsko	facjendarski	adja		daw.
facjendarsku	facjendarski	adjp		daw.
facjendarsko	facjendarsko	adv:pos		daw.
facjendarskościach	facjendarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskościami	facjendarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskością	facjendarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskości	facjendarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskościom	facjendarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskość	facjendarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarskość	facjendarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzach	facjendarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzach	facjendarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarza	facjendarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarza	facjendarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarza	facjendarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarza	facjendarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzami	facjendarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzami	facjendarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarze	facjendarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarze	facjendarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarze	facjendarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarze	facjendarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarze	facjendarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarze	facjendarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarze	facjendarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarze	facjendarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzem	facjendarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzem	facjendarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarz	facjendarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarz	facjendarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzom	facjendarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzom	facjendarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzowi	facjendarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzowi	facjendarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzów	facjendarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzów	facjendarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzu	facjendarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzu	facjendarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzu	facjendarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzu	facjendarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
facjendarzy	facjendarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendarzy	facjendarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendce	facjendka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendce	facjendka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendek	facjendka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendkach	facjendka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendka	facjendka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendkami	facjendka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendką	facjendka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendkę	facjendka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendki	facjendka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendki	facjendka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendki	facjendka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendki	facjendka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendko	facjendka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendkom	facjendka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
facjendować	facjendować	inf:imperf		daw.
facjendowaliby	facjendować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowalibyście	facjendować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowalibyśmy	facjendować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowali	facjendować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
facjendowali	facjendować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowaliście	facjendować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowaliśmy	facjendować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałaby	facjendować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałabym	facjendować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałabyś	facjendować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowała	facjendować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
facjendowała	facjendować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałam	facjendować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałaś	facjendować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowałby	facjendować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałbym	facjendować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałbyś	facjendować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowałem	facjendować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałeś	facjendować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendował	facjendować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
facjendował	facjendować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałoby	facjendować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałobym	facjendować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałobyś	facjendować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowało	facjendować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
facjendowało	facjendować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałom	facjendować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowałoś	facjendować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowałyby	facjendować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałybyście	facjendować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowałybyśmy	facjendować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowały	facjendować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
facjendowały	facjendować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendowałyście	facjendować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendowałyśmy	facjendować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendowana	facjendować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
facjendowaną	facjendować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
facjendowane	facjendować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendowane	facjendować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowanego	facjendować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
facjendowanego	facjendować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowanej	facjendować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
facjendowanemu	facjendować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowaniach	facjendować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowania	facjendować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowania	facjendować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowaniami	facjendować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowanie	facjendować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowaniem	facjendować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowani	facjendować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
facjendowaniom	facjendować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowaniu	facjendować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowano	facjendować	imps:imperf		daw.
facjendowanych	facjendować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
facjendowanych	facjendować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendowany	facjendować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
facjendowany	facjendować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
facjendowanym	facjendować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendowanym	facjendować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendowanymi	facjendować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendowań	facjendować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
facjendująca	facjendować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
facjendującą	facjendować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
facjendujące	facjendować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendujące	facjendować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendującego	facjendować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
facjendującego	facjendować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendującej	facjendować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
facjendującemu	facjendować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendując	facjendować	pcon:imperf		daw.
facjendująco	facjendować	pacta		
facjendujących	facjendować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
facjendujących	facjendować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendujący	facjendować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
facjendujący	facjendować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
facjendujący	facjendować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
facjendującym	facjendować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendującym	facjendować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
facjendującymi	facjendować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
facjendują	facjendować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendujcie	facjendować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendujecie	facjendować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
facjenduje	facjendować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
facjendujemy	facjendować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
facjendujesz	facjendować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
facjenduję	facjendować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
facjenduj	facjendować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
facjendujmy	facjendować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fackelzugach	fackelzug	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugami	fackelzug	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzug	fackelzug	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzug	fackelzug	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugiem	fackelzug	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugi	fackelzug	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugi	fackelzug	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugi	fackelzug	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugom	fackelzug	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugowi	fackelzug	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugów	fackelzug	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugu	fackelzug	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugu	fackelzug	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fackelzugu	fackelzug	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimile	facsimile	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimiliach	facsimile	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimilia	facsimile	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimilia	facsimile	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimilia	facsimile	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimiliami	facsimile	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimiliom	facsimile	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
facsimiliów	facsimile	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
factoringach	factoring	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringami	factoring	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoring	factoring	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoring	factoring	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringiem	factoring	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringi	factoring	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringi	factoring	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringi	factoring	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringom	factoring	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowi	factoring	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringów	factoring	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringu	factoring	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringu	factoring	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringu	factoring	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowościach	factoringowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowościami	factoringowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowością	factoringowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowości	factoringowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowościom	factoringowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowość	factoringowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowość	factoringowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
factoringowa	factoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
factoringową	factoringowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
factoringową	factoringowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
factoringowe	factoringowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
factoringowe	factoringowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
factoringowe	factoringowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
factoringowe	factoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
factoringowego	factoringowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
factoringowego	factoringowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
factoringowej	factoringowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
factoringowej	factoringowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
factoringowej	factoringowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
factoringowemu	factoringowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
factoringowi	factoringowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
factoringowo	factoringowy	adja		
factoringowych	factoringowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
factoringowych	factoringowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
factoringowych	factoringowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
factoringowy	factoringowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
factoringowy	factoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
factoringowym	factoringowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
factoringowym	factoringowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
factoringowym	factoringowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
factoringowymi	factoringowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fadingach	fading	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingami	fading	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fading	fading	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fading	fading	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingiem	fading	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingi	fading	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingi	fading	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingi	fading	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingom	fading	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingowi	fading	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingów	fading	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingu	fading	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingu	fading	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fadingu	fading	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fado	fado	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faetonikach	faetonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonikami	faetonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonik	faetonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonik	faetonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonikiem	faetonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniki	faetonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniki	faetonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniki	faetonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonikom	faetonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonikowi	faetonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoników	faetonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniku	faetonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniku	faetonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetoniku	faetonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faetonach	faeton:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetona	faeton:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetona	faeton:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonami	faeton:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonem	faeton:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faeton	faeton:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonie	faeton:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonie	faeton:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonom	faeton:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonowi	faeton:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonów	faeton:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetony	faeton:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetony	faeton:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetony	faeton:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
faetonach	faeton:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonami	faeton:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonem	faeton:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faeton	faeton:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faeton	faeton:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonie	faeton:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonie	faeton:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonom	faeton:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonowi	faeton:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonów	faeton:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetonu	faeton:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetony	faeton:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetony	faeton:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faetony	faeton:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faflach	fafle	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
faflami	fafle	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fafle	fafle	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fafle	fafle	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fafle	fafle	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fafli	fafle	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
faflom	fafle	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
faflów	fafle	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fafulstwach	fafulstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwa	fafulstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwa	fafulstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwa	fafulstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwa	fafulstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwami	fafulstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwem	fafulstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstw	fafulstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwie	fafulstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwo	fafulstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwo	fafulstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwo	fafulstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwom	fafulstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafulstwu	fafulstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fafule	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafule	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafułach	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuła	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafułami	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafułą	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafułę	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuł	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuło	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafułom	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fafule	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafule	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułach	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafuła	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułami	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułą	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułę	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafuło	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułom	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułowie	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułowie	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułów	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafułów	fafuła:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fafuły	fafuła:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagach	fag	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faga	fag	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faga	fag	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagami	fag	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fag	fag	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagiem	fag	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagi	fag	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagi	fag	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagi	fag	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagom	fag	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagowi	fag	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagów	fag	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagu	fag	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagu	fag	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwach	fagasostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwa	fagasostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwa	fagasostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwa	fagasostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwa	fagasostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwami	fagasostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwem	fagasostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostw	fagasostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwie	fagasostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwo	fagasostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwo	fagasostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwo	fagasostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwom	fagasostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasostwu	fagasostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasować	fagasować	inf:imperf		
fagasowaliby	fagasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fagasowalibyście	fagasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fagasowalibyśmy	fagasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fagasowali	fagasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fagasowali	fagasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fagasowaliście	fagasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fagasowaliśmy	fagasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fagasowałaby	fagasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fagasowałabym	fagasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fagasowałabyś	fagasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fagasowała	fagasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fagasowała	fagasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fagasowałam	fagasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fagasowałaś	fagasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fagasowałby	fagasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fagasowałbym	fagasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fagasowałbyś	fagasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fagasowałem	fagasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fagasowałeś	fagasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fagasował	fagasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fagasował	fagasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fagasowałoby	fagasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fagasowałobym	fagasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fagasowałobyś	fagasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fagasowało	fagasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fagasowało	fagasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fagasowałom	fagasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fagasowałoś	fagasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fagasowałyby	fagasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fagasowałybyście	fagasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fagasowałybyśmy	fagasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fagasowały	fagasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fagasowały	fagasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fagasowałyście	fagasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fagasowałyśmy	fagasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fagasowaniach	fagasować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowania	fagasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowania	fagasować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowaniami	fagasować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowanie	fagasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowaniem	fagasować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowaniom	fagasować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowaniu	fagasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasowano	fagasować	imps:imperf		
fagasowań	fagasować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fagasująca	fagasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fagasującą	fagasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fagasujące	fagasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fagasujące	fagasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fagasującego	fagasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fagasującego	fagasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fagasującej	fagasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fagasującemu	fagasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fagasując	fagasować	pcon:imperf		
fagasująco	fagasować	pacta		
fagasujących	fagasować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fagasujących	fagasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fagasujący	fagasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fagasujący	fagasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fagasujący	fagasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fagasującym	fagasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fagasującym	fagasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fagasującymi	fagasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fagasują	fagasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fagasujcie	fagasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fagasujecie	fagasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fagasuje	fagasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fagasujemy	fagasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fagasujesz	fagasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fagasuję	fagasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fagasuj	fagasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fagasujmy	fagasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fagasowscy	fagasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fagasowska	fagasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fagasowską	fagasowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fagasowską	fagasowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fagasowskich	fagasowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fagasowskich	fagasowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowskich	fagasowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowskie	fagasowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowskie	fagasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowskie	fagasowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fagasowskie	fagasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fagasowskiego	fagasowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fagasowskiego	fagasowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagasowskiej	fagasowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fagasowskiej	fagasowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fagasowskiej	fagasowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fagasowskiemu	fagasowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagasowski	fagasowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fagasowski	fagasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fagasowskim	fagasowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowskim	fagasowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagasowskim	fagasowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagasowskimi	fagasowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagasowsko	fagasowski	adja		
fagasowsku	fagasowski	adjp		
fagasowsko	fagasowsko	adv:pos		
fagasowskościach	fagasowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskościami	fagasowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskością	fagasowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskości	fagasowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskościom	fagasowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskość	fagasowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowskość	fagasowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagasach	fagas:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasa	fagas:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasa	fagas:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasami	fagas:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasem	fagas:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagas	fagas:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasie	fagas:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasie	fagas:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasi	fagas:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasi	fagas:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasom	fagas:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasowi	fagas:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasów	fagas:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasów	fagas:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasy	fagas:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasy	fagas:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
fagasach	fagas:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasa	fagas:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasa	fagas:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasami	fagas:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasem	fagas:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagas	fagas:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasie	fagas:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasie	fagas:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasom	fagas:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasowi	fagas:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasów	fagas:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasy	fagas:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasy	fagas:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagasy	fagas:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faginach	fagina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagina	fagina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginami	fagina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginą	fagina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginę	fagina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagin	fagina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginie	fagina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginie	fagina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagino	fagina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginom	fagina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginy	fagina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginy	fagina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginy	fagina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faginy	fagina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistach	fagocista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocista	fagocista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistami	fagocista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistą	fagocista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistę	fagocista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocisto	fagocista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistom	fagocista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistów	fagocista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistów	fagocista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocisty	fagocista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocisty	fagocista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocisty	fagocista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagociście	fagocista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagociście	fagocista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagociści	fagocista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagociści	fagocista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistce	fagocistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistce	fagocistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistek	fagocistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistkach	fagocistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistka	fagocistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistkami	fagocistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistką	fagocistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistkę	fagocistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistki	fagocistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistki	fagocistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistki	fagocistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistki	fagocistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistko	fagocistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocistkom	fagocistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocycie	fagocyt	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocycie	fagocyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocycie	fagocyt	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocycie	fagocyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytach	fagocyt	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytach	fagocyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyta	fagocyt	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyta	fagocyt	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytami	fagocyt	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytami	fagocyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytem	fagocyt	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytem	fagocyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyt	fagocyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyt	fagocyt	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyt	fagocyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytom	fagocyt	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytom	fagocyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowi	fagocyt	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowi	fagocyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytów	fagocyt	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytów	fagocyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytu	fagocyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fagocyty	fagocyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarnościach	fagocytarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarnościami	fagocytarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarnością	fagocytarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarności	fagocytarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarnościom	fagocytarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarność	fagocytarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarność	fagocytarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytarna	fagocytarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fagocytarną	fagocytarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fagocytarną	fagocytarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fagocytarne	fagocytarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytarne	fagocytarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytarne	fagocytarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarne	fagocytarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarnego	fagocytarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fagocytarnego	fagocytarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarnej	fagocytarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fagocytarnej	fagocytarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fagocytarnej	fagocytarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fagocytarnemu	fagocytarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarni	fagocytarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fagocytarno	fagocytarny	adja		
fagocytarnych	fagocytarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fagocytarnych	fagocytarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytarnych	fagocytarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytarny	fagocytarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fagocytarny	fagocytarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fagocytarnym	fagocytarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytarnym	fagocytarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarnym	fagocytarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytarnymi	fagocytarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytoblastach	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastami	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastem	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblast	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblast	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastom	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastowi	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastów	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblastu	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblasty	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblasty	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblasty	fagocytoblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblaście	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoblaście	fagocytoblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowościach	fagocytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowościami	fagocytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowością	fagocytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowości	fagocytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowościom	fagocytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowość	fagocytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowość	fagocytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytowa	fagocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fagocytową	fagocytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fagocytową	fagocytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fagocytowe	fagocytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytowe	fagocytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytowe	fagocytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowe	fagocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowego	fagocytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fagocytowego	fagocytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowej	fagocytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fagocytowej	fagocytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fagocytowej	fagocytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fagocytowemu	fagocytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowi	fagocytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fagocytowo	fagocytowy	adja		
fagocytowych	fagocytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fagocytowych	fagocytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytowych	fagocytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytowy	fagocytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fagocytowy	fagocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fagocytowym	fagocytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytowym	fagocytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowym	fagocytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagocytowymi	fagocytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagocytozach	fagocytoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoza	fagocytoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozami	fagocytoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozą	fagocytoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozę	fagocytoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytoz	fagocytoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozie	fagocytoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozie	fagocytoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozo	fagocytoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozom	fagocytoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozy	fagocytoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozy	fagocytoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozy	fagocytoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocytozy	fagocytoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagocie	fagot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagocie	fagot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotach	fagot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotami	fagot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotem	fagot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagot	fagot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagot	fagot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotom	fagot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowi	fagot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotów	fagot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotu	fagot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagoty	fagot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagoty	fagot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagoty	fagot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowościach	fagotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowościami	fagotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowością	fagotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowości	fagotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowościom	fagotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowość	fagotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowość	fagotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fagotowa	fagotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fagotową	fagotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fagotową	fagotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fagotowe	fagotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagotowe	fagotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fagotowe	fagotowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fagotowe	fagotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fagotowego	fagotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fagotowego	fagotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagotowej	fagotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fagotowej	fagotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fagotowej	fagotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fagotowemu	fagotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagotowi	fagotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fagotowo	fagotowy	adja		
fagotowych	fagotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fagotowych	fagotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagotowych	fagotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagotowy	fagotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fagotowy	fagotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fagotowym	fagotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fagotowym	fagotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagotowym	fagotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fagotowymi	fagotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fair	fair:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fair	fair:d	adv:pos		
fairwayach	fairway	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwaya	fairway	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayami	fairway	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwaye	fairway	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwaye	fairway	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwaye	fairway	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayem	fairway	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairway	fairway	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairway	fairway	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayom	fairway	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayowi	fairway	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayów	fairway	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayu	fairway	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayu	fairway	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fairwayu	fairway	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fai	faja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fai	faja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fai	faja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fai	faja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajach	faja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faja	faja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajami	faja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fają	faja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faje	faja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faje	faja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faje	faja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faję	faja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faj	faja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fajo	faja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajom	faja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajalicie	fajalit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalicie	fajalit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitach	fajalit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitami	fajalit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitem	fajalit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalit	fajalit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalit	fajalit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitom	fajalit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitowi	fajalit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitów	fajalit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajalitu	fajalit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajality	fajalit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajality	fajalit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajality	fajalit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansach	fajans	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansami	fajans	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajanse	fajans	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajanse	fajans	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajanse	fajans	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansem	fajans	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajans	fajans	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajans	fajans	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansie	fajans	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansie	fajans	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansom	fajans	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowi	fajans	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansów	fajans	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansu	fajans	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajansarniach	fajansarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnia	fajansarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarniami	fajansarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnią	fajansarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnie	fajansarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnie	fajansarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnie	fajansarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnię	fajansarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarni	fajansarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
fajansarni	fajansarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarni	fajansarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarni	fajansarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarnio	fajansarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarniom	fajansarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajansarń	fajansarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|przest.
fajansiarscy	fajansiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajansiarska	fajansiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajansiarską	fajansiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajansiarską	fajansiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajansiarskich	fajansiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajansiarskich	fajansiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarskich	fajansiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarskie	fajansiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarskie	fajansiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarskie	fajansiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarskie	fajansiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarskiego	fajansiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajansiarskiego	fajansiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarskiej	fajansiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajansiarskiej	fajansiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajansiarskiej	fajansiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajansiarskiemu	fajansiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarski	fajansiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajansiarski	fajansiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajansiarskim	fajansiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarskim	fajansiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarskim	fajansiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansiarskimi	fajansiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansiarsko	fajansiarski	adja		
fajansiarsku	fajansiarski	adjp		
fajansiarsko	fajansiarsko	adv:pos		rzad.
fajansiarskościach	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskościami	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskością	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskości	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskościom	fajansiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskość	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarskość	fajansiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzach	fajansiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzach	fajansiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarza	fajansiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarza	fajansiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarza	fajansiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarza	fajansiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzami	fajansiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzami	fajansiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarze	fajansiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzem	fajansiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzem	fajansiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarz	fajansiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarz	fajansiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzom	fajansiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzom	fajansiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzowi	fajansiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzowi	fajansiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzów	fajansiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzów	fajansiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzu	fajansiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzu	fajansiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzu	fajansiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzu	fajansiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajansiarzy	fajansiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansiarzy	fajansiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowościach	fajansowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowościami	fajansowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowością	fajansowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowości	fajansowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowościom	fajansowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowość	fajansowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowość	fajansowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajansowa	fajansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajansową	fajansowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajansową	fajansowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajansowe	fajansowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajansowe	fajansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajansowe	fajansowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajansowe	fajansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajansowego	fajansowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajansowego	fajansowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansowej	fajansowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajansowej	fajansowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajansowej	fajansowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajansowemu	fajansowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansowi	fajansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajansowo	fajansowy	adja		
fajansowych	fajansowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajansowych	fajansowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansowych	fajansowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansowy	fajansowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajansowy	fajansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajansowym	fajansowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajansowym	fajansowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansowym	fajansowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajansowymi	fajansowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczanościach	fajczaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczanościami	fajczaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczanością	fajczaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaności	fajczaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczanościom	fajczaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaność	fajczaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczaność	fajczaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczana	fajczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajczaną	fajczany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajczaną	fajczany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajczane	fajczany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajczane	fajczany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajczane	fajczany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajczane	fajczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajczanego	fajczany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajczanego	fajczany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczanej	fajczany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajczanej	fajczany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajczanej	fajczany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajczanemu	fajczany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczani	fajczany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajczano	fajczany	adja		
fajczanych	fajczany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajczanych	fajczany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczanych	fajczany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczany	fajczany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajczany	fajczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajczanym	fajczany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczanym	fajczany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczanym	fajczany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczanymi	fajczany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarniach	fajczarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnia	fajczarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarniami	fajczarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnią	fajczarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnie	fajczarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnie	fajczarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnie	fajczarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnię	fajczarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarni	fajczarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
fajczarni	fajczarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarni	fajczarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarni	fajczarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarnio	fajczarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarniom	fajczarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajczarń	fajczarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
fajczarscy	fajczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajczarska	fajczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajczarską	fajczarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajczarską	fajczarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajczarskich	fajczarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajczarskich	fajczarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarskich	fajczarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarskie	fajczarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarskie	fajczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarskie	fajczarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajczarskie	fajczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajczarskiego	fajczarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajczarskiego	fajczarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczarskiej	fajczarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajczarskiej	fajczarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajczarskiej	fajczarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajczarskiemu	fajczarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczarski	fajczarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajczarski	fajczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajczarskim	fajczarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarskim	fajczarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczarskim	fajczarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajczarskimi	fajczarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajczarsko	fajczarski	adja		
fajczarsku	fajczarski	adjp		
fajczarsko	fajczarsko	adv:pos		
fajczarskościach	fajczarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskościami	fajczarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskością	fajczarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskości	fajczarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskościom	fajczarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskość	fajczarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarskość	fajczarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzach	fajczarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzach	fajczarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarza	fajczarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarza	fajczarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarza	fajczarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarza	fajczarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzami	fajczarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzami	fajczarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarze	fajczarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarze	fajczarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarze	fajczarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarze	fajczarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarze	fajczarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarze	fajczarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarze	fajczarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarze	fajczarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzem	fajczarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzem	fajczarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarz	fajczarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarz	fajczarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzom	fajczarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzom	fajczarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzowi	fajczarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzowi	fajczarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzów	fajczarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzów	fajczarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzu	fajczarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzu	fajczarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzu	fajczarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzu	fajczarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajczarzy	fajczarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajczarzy	fajczarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajcząca	fajczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajczącą	fajczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajczące	fajczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczące	fajczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczącego	fajczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajczącego	fajczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczącej	fajczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajczącemu	fajczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajcząc	fajczyć	pcon:imperf		przest.
fajcząco	fajczyć	pacta		
fajczących	fajczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajczących	fajczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczący	fajczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajczący	fajczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajczący	fajczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajczącym	fajczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczącym	fajczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczącymi	fajczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczą	fajczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczcie	fajczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczeniach	fajczyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczenia	fajczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczenia	fajczyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczeniami	fajczyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczenie	fajczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczeniem	fajczyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczeni	fajczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajczeniom	fajczyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczeniu	fajczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczeń	fajczyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajczę	fajczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fajcz	fajczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczmy	fajczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczona	fajczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajczoną	fajczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajczone	fajczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczone	fajczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczonego	fajczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajczonego	fajczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczonej	fajczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajczonemu	fajczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczono	fajczyć	imps:imperf		przest.
fajczonych	fajczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajczonych	fajczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczony	fajczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajczony	fajczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajczonym	fajczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczonym	fajczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajczonymi	fajczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajczycie	fajczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyć	fajczyć	inf:imperf		przest.
fajczy	fajczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyliby	fajczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczylibyście	fajczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczylibyśmy	fajczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyli	fajczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fajczyli	fajczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyliście	fajczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyliśmy	fajczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłaby	fajczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłabym	fajczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłabyś	fajczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyła	fajczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fajczyła	fajczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłam	fajczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłaś	fajczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyłby	fajczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłbym	fajczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłbyś	fajczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyłem	fajczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłeś	fajczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczył	fajczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fajczył	fajczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłoby	fajczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłobym	fajczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłobyś	fajczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyło	fajczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fajczyło	fajczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłom	fajczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyłoś	fajczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyłyby	fajczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłybyście	fajczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyłybyśmy	fajczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczyły	fajczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fajczyły	fajczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajczyłyście	fajczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczyłyśmy	fajczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczymy	fajczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fajczysz	fajczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fajczynach	fajczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyna	fajczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczynami	fajczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyną	fajczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczynę	fajczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyn	fajczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczynie	fajczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczynie	fajczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyno	fajczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczynom	fajczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyny	fajczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyny	fajczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyny	fajczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyny	fajczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyskach	fajczysko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyska	fajczysko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyska	fajczysko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyska	fajczysko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyska	fajczysko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyskami	fajczysko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysk	fajczysko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyskiem	fajczysko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysko	fajczysko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysko	fajczysko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysko	fajczysko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczyskom	fajczysko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysku	fajczysko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajczysku	fajczysko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fajdacie	fajdać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdać	fajdać	inf:imperf		pot.
fajda	fajdać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdająca	fajdać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajdającą	fajdać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajdające	fajdać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajdające	fajdać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajdającego	fajdać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajdającego	fajdać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajdającej	fajdać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajdającemu	fajdać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajdając	fajdać	pcon:imperf		pot.
fajdająco	fajdać	pacta		
fajdających	fajdać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajdających	fajdać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajdający	fajdać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajdający	fajdać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajdający	fajdać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajdającym	fajdać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajdającym	fajdać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajdającymi	fajdać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajdają	fajdać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdajcie	fajdać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdaj	fajdać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdajmy	fajdać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdaliby	fajdać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdalibyście	fajdać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdalibyśmy	fajdać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdali	fajdać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
fajdali	fajdać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdaliście	fajdać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdaliśmy	fajdać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałaby	fajdać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałabym	fajdać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałabyś	fajdać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdała	fajdać	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
fajdała	fajdać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałam	fajdać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałaś	fajdać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdałby	fajdać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałbym	fajdać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałbyś	fajdać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdałem	fajdać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałeś	fajdać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdał	fajdać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
fajdał	fajdać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałoby	fajdać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałobym	fajdać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałobyś	fajdać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdało	fajdać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
fajdało	fajdać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałom	fajdać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdałoś	fajdać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdałyby	fajdać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałybyście	fajdać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdałybyśmy	fajdać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdały	fajdać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
fajdały	fajdać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
fajdałyście	fajdać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
fajdałyśmy	fajdać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdam	fajdać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdamy	fajdać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
fajdaniach	fajdać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdania	fajdać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdania	fajdać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdaniami	fajdać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdanie	fajdać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdaniem	fajdać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdaniom	fajdać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdaniu	fajdać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdano	fajdać	imps:imperf		pot.
fajdań	fajdać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajdasz	fajdać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
fajeczce	fajeczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczce	fajeczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczek	fajeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczkach	fajeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczka	fajeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczkami	fajeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczką	fajeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczkę	fajeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczki	fajeczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczki	fajeczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczki	fajeczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczki	fajeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczko	fajeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajeczkom	fajeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerach	fajer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerami	fajer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerem	fajer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajer	fajer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajer	fajer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerom	fajer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerowi	fajer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerów	fajer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajeru	fajer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajery	fajer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajery	fajer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajery	fajer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerze	fajer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerze	fajer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerancie	fajerant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerancie	fajerant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantach	fajerant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantami	fajerant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantem	fajerant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerant	fajerant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerant	fajerant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantom	fajerant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowi	fajerant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantów	fajerant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantu	fajerant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajeranty	fajerant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajeranty	fajerant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajeranty	fajerant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowościach	fajerantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowościami	fajerantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowością	fajerantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowości	fajerantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowościom	fajerantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowość	fajerantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowość	fajerantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerantowa	fajerantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajerantową	fajerantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajerantową	fajerantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajerantowe	fajerantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerantowe	fajerantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerantowe	fajerantowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowe	fajerantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowego	fajerantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajerantowego	fajerantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowej	fajerantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajerantowej	fajerantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajerantowej	fajerantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajerantowemu	fajerantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowi	fajerantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerantowo	fajerantowy	adja		
fajerantowych	fajerantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerantowych	fajerantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerantowych	fajerantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerantowy	fajerantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajerantowy	fajerantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajerantowym	fajerantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerantowym	fajerantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowym	fajerantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerantowymi	fajerantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerce	fajerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerce	fajerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerek	fajerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkach	fajerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerka	fajerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkami	fajerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerką	fajerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkę	fajerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerki	fajerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerki	fajerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerki	fajerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerki	fajerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerko	fajerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkom	fajerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkasach	fajerkasa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasa	fajerkasa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasami	fajerkasa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasą	fajerkasa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasę	fajerkasa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkas	fajerkasa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasie	fajerkasa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasie	fajerkasa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkaso	fajerkasa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasom	fajerkasa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasy	fajerkasa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasy	fajerkasa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasy	fajerkasa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkasy	fajerkasa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajerkowościach	fajerkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowościami	fajerkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowością	fajerkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowości	fajerkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowościom	fajerkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowość	fajerkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowość	fajerkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerkowa	fajerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajerkową	fajerkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajerkową	fajerkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajerkowe	fajerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerkowe	fajerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerkowe	fajerkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowe	fajerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowego	fajerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajerkowego	fajerkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowej	fajerkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajerkowej	fajerkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajerkowej	fajerkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajerkowemu	fajerkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowi	fajerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerkowo	fajerkowy	adja		
fajerkowych	fajerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerkowych	fajerkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerkowych	fajerkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerkowy	fajerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajerkowy	fajerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajerkowym	fajerkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerkowym	fajerkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowym	fajerkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerkowymi	fajerkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkach	fajerwerk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkami	fajerwerk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerk	fajerwerk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerk	fajerwerk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkiem	fajerwerk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerki	fajerwerk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerki	fajerwerk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerki	fajerwerk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkom	fajerwerk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowi	fajerwerk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerków	fajerwerk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerku	fajerwerk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerku	fajerwerk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerku	fajerwerk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowościach	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowościami	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowością	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowości	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowościom	fajerwerkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowość	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowość	fajerwerkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajerwerkowa	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajerwerkową	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajerwerkową	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajerwerkowe	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkowe	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkowe	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowe	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowego	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajerwerkowego	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowej	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajerwerkowej	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajerwerkowej	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajerwerkowemu	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowi	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerwerkowo	fajerwerkowy	adja		
fajerwerkowych	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajerwerkowych	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkowych	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkowy	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajerwerkowy	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajerwerkowym	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajerwerkowym	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowym	fajerwerkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajerwerkowymi	fajerwerkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajfach	fajf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfami	fajf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfem	fajf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajf	fajf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajf	fajf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfie	fajf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfie	fajf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfom	fajf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfowi	fajf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfów	fajf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfu	fajf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfy	fajf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfy	fajf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfy	fajf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfer	fajfer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrach	fajfer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfra	fajfer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfra	fajfer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajframi	fajfer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrem	fajfer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrom	fajfer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrowi	fajfer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrów	fajfer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrów	fajfer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfry	fajfer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajfry	fajfer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrze	fajfer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrze	fajfer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrzy	fajfer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfrzy	fajfer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklokach	fajfoklok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklokami	fajfoklok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklok	fajfoklok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklok	fajfoklok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklokiem	fajfoklok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloki	fajfoklok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloki	fajfoklok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloki	fajfoklok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklokom	fajfoklok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfoklokowi	fajfoklok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloków	fajfoklok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloku	fajfoklok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloku	fajfoklok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajfokloku	fajfoklok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fajgiel	fajgiel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgiel	fajgiel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglach	fajgiel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgla	fajgiel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglami	fajgiel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgle	fajgiel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgle	fajgiel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgle	fajgiel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglem	fajgiel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajgli	fajgiel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglom	fajgiel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglowi	fajgiel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglu	fajgiel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajglu	fajgiel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fajce	fajka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajce	fajka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajek	fajka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkach	fajka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajka	fajka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkami	fajka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajką	fajka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkę	fajka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajki	fajka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajki	fajka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajki	fajka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajki	fajka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajko	fajka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkom	fajka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarniach	fajkarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnia	fajkarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarniami	fajkarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnią	fajkarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnie	fajkarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnie	fajkarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnie	fajkarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnię	fajkarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarni	fajkarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
fajkarni	fajkarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarni	fajkarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarni	fajkarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarnio	fajkarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarniom	fajkarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fajkarń	fajkarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
fajkarzach	fajkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzach	fajkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarza	fajkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarza	fajkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarza	fajkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarza	fajkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzami	fajkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzami	fajkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarze	fajkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarze	fajkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarze	fajkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarze	fajkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarze	fajkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarze	fajkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarze	fajkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarze	fajkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzem	fajkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzem	fajkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarz	fajkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarz	fajkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzom	fajkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzom	fajkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzowi	fajkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzowi	fajkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzów	fajkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzów	fajkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzu	fajkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzu	fajkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzu	fajkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzu	fajkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fajkarzy	fajkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkarzy	fajkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fajkować	fajkować	inf:imperf		
fajkowaliby	fajkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fajkowalibyście	fajkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fajkowalibyśmy	fajkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fajkowali	fajkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fajkowali	fajkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fajkowaliście	fajkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fajkowaliśmy	fajkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fajkowałaby	fajkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fajkowałabym	fajkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fajkowałabyś	fajkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fajkowała	fajkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fajkowała	fajkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fajkowałam	fajkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fajkowałaś	fajkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fajkowałby	fajkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fajkowałbym	fajkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fajkowałbyś	fajkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fajkowałem	fajkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fajkowałeś	fajkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fajkował	fajkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fajkował	fajkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fajkowałoby	fajkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fajkowałobym	fajkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fajkowałobyś	fajkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fajkowało	fajkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fajkowało	fajkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fajkowałom	fajkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fajkowałoś	fajkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fajkowałyby	fajkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fajkowałybyście	fajkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fajkowałybyśmy	fajkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fajkowały	fajkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fajkowały	fajkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fajkowałyście	fajkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fajkowałyśmy	fajkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fajkowana	fajkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajkowaną	fajkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajkowane	fajkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkowane	fajkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowanego	fajkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajkowanego	fajkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowanej	fajkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajkowanemu	fajkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowaniach	fajkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowania	fajkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowania	fajkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowaniami	fajkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowanie	fajkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowaniem	fajkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowani	fajkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajkowaniom	fajkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowaniu	fajkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowano	fajkować	imps:imperf		
fajkowanych	fajkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajkowanych	fajkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkowany	fajkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajkowany	fajkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajkowanym	fajkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkowanym	fajkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkowanymi	fajkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkowań	fajkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajkująca	fajkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajkującą	fajkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajkujące	fajkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkujące	fajkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkującego	fajkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajkującego	fajkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkującej	fajkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajkującemu	fajkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkując	fajkować	pcon:imperf		
fajkująco	fajkować	pacta		
fajkujących	fajkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajkujących	fajkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkujący	fajkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajkujący	fajkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajkujący	fajkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajkującym	fajkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkującym	fajkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajkującymi	fajkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajkują	fajkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fajkujcie	fajkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fajkujecie	fajkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fajkuje	fajkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fajkujemy	fajkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fajkujesz	fajkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fajkuję	fajkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fajkuj	fajkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fajkujmy	fajkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fajkowato	fajkowato	adv:pos		
fajkowatościach	fajkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatościami	fajkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatością	fajkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatości	fajkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatościom	fajkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatość	fajkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowatość	fajkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowaci	fajkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajkowata	fajkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajkowatą	fajkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajkowatą	fajkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajkowate	fajkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowate	fajkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowate	fajkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajkowate	fajkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajkowatego	fajkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajkowatego	fajkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowatej	fajkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajkowatej	fajkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajkowatej	fajkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajkowatemu	fajkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowato	fajkowaty	adja		
fajkowatych	fajkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajkowatych	fajkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowatych	fajkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowaty	fajkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajkowaty	fajkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajkowatym	fajkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowatym	fajkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowatym	fajkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowatymi	fajkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowościach	fajkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowościami	fajkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowością	fajkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowości	fajkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowościom	fajkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowość	fajkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowość	fajkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajkowa	fajkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajkową	fajkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajkową	fajkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajkowe	fajkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowe	fajkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowe	fajkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajkowe	fajkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajkowego	fajkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajkowego	fajkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowej	fajkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajkowej	fajkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajkowej	fajkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajkowemu	fajkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowi	fajkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajkowo	fajkowy	adja		
fajkowych	fajkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajkowych	fajkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowych	fajkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowy	fajkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajkowy	fajkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajkowym	fajkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajkowym	fajkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowym	fajkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajkowymi	fajkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajnie	fajnie	adv:pos		
fajniej	fajnie	adv:com		
fajniuchnościach	fajniuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchnościami	fajniuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchnością	fajniuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchności	fajniuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchnościom	fajniuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchność	fajniuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchność	fajniuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajniuchna	fajniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajniuchną	fajniuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajniuchną	fajniuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajniuchne	fajniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajniuchne	fajniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajniuchne	fajniuchny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchne	fajniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchnego	fajniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajniuchnego	fajniuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchnej	fajniuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajniuchnej	fajniuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajniuchnej	fajniuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajniuchnemu	fajniuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchni	fajniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajniuchno	fajniuchny	adja		
fajniuchnych	fajniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajniuchnych	fajniuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajniuchnych	fajniuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajniuchny	fajniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajniuchny	fajniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajniuchnym	fajniuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajniuchnym	fajniuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchnym	fajniuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajniuchnymi	fajniuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajniej	fajno	adv:com		
fajno	fajno	adv:pos		
fajnościach	fajność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajnościami	fajność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajnością	fajność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajności	fajność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajnościom	fajność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajność	fajność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajność	fajność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajnować	fajnować	inf:imperf		przest.
fajnowaliby	fajnować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowalibyście	fajnować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowalibyśmy	fajnować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowali	fajnować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fajnowali	fajnować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowaliście	fajnować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowaliśmy	fajnować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałaby	fajnować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałabym	fajnować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałabyś	fajnować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowała	fajnować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fajnowała	fajnować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałam	fajnować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałaś	fajnować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowałby	fajnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałbym	fajnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałbyś	fajnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowałem	fajnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałeś	fajnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnował	fajnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fajnował	fajnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałoby	fajnować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałobym	fajnować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałobyś	fajnować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowało	fajnować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fajnowało	fajnować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałom	fajnować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowałoś	fajnować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowałyby	fajnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałybyście	fajnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowałybyśmy	fajnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowały	fajnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fajnowały	fajnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnowałyście	fajnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnowałyśmy	fajnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnowana	fajnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajnowaną	fajnować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajnowane	fajnować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnowane	fajnować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowanego	fajnować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajnowanego	fajnować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowanej	fajnować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajnowanemu	fajnować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowaniach	fajnować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowania	fajnować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowania	fajnować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowaniami	fajnować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowanie	fajnować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowaniem	fajnować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowani	fajnować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajnowaniom	fajnować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowaniu	fajnować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowano	fajnować	imps:imperf		przest.
fajnowanych	fajnować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajnowanych	fajnować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnowany	fajnować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajnowany	fajnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajnowanym	fajnować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnowanym	fajnować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnowanymi	fajnować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnowań	fajnować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajnująca	fajnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajnującą	fajnować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajnujące	fajnować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnujące	fajnować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnującego	fajnować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajnującego	fajnować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnującej	fajnować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajnującemu	fajnować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnując	fajnować	pcon:imperf		przest.
fajnująco	fajnować	pacta		
fajnujących	fajnować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajnujących	fajnować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnujący	fajnować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajnujący	fajnować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajnujący	fajnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajnującym	fajnować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnującym	fajnować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajnującymi	fajnować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajnują	fajnować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnujcie	fajnować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnujecie	fajnować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnuje	fajnować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fajnujemy	fajnować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnujesz	fajnować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnuję	fajnować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fajnuj	fajnować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fajnujmy	fajnować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fajna	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
fajną	fajny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
fajną	fajny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
fajne	fajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajne	fajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajne	fajny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajne	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajnego	fajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
fajnego	fajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajnej	fajny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
fajnej	fajny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
fajnej	fajny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
fajnemu	fajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajniejsi	fajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
fajniejsza	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
fajniejszą	fajny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
fajniejszą	fajny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
fajniejsze	fajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fajniejsze	fajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fajniejsze	fajny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
fajniejsze	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
fajniejszego	fajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
fajniejszego	fajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fajniejszej	fajny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
fajniejszej	fajny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
fajniejszej	fajny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
fajniejszemu	fajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fajniejszych	fajny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
fajniejszych	fajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fajniejszych	fajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fajniejszy	fajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
fajniejszy	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
fajniejszym	fajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fajniejszym	fajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fajniejszym	fajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fajniejszymi	fajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fajni	fajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
fajno	fajny	adja		pot.
fajnych	fajny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
fajnych	fajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajnych	fajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajny	fajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
fajny	fajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
fajnym	fajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajnym	fajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajnym	fajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajnymi	fajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowo	fajowo	adv:pos		
fajowościach	fajowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowościami	fajowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowością	fajowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowości	fajowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowościom	fajowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowość	fajowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowość	fajowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajowa	fajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
fajową	fajowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
fajową	fajowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
fajowe	fajowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowe	fajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowe	fajowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowe	fajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowego	fajowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
fajowego	fajowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowej	fajowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
fajowej	fajowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
fajowej	fajowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
fajowemu	fajowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowi	fajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
fajowo	fajowy	adja		pot.
fajowych	fajowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
fajowych	fajowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowych	fajowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowy	fajowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
fajowy	fajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
fajowym	fajowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajowym	fajowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowym	fajowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
fajowymi	fajowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
fajrancie	fajrant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrancie	fajrant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantach	fajrant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantami	fajrant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantem	fajrant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrant	fajrant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrant	fajrant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantom	fajrant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantowi	fajrant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantów	fajrant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantu	fajrant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajranty	fajrant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajranty	fajrant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajranty	fajrant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajrantowościach	fajrantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowościami	fajrantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowością	fajrantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowości	fajrantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowościom	fajrantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowość	fajrantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowość	fajrantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajrantowa	fajrantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajrantową	fajrantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajrantową	fajrantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajrantowe	fajrantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajrantowe	fajrantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajrantowe	fajrantowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowe	fajrantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowego	fajrantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajrantowego	fajrantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowej	fajrantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajrantowej	fajrantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajrantowej	fajrantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajrantowemu	fajrantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowi	fajrantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajrantowo	fajrantowy	adja		
fajrantowych	fajrantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajrantowych	fajrantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajrantowych	fajrantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajrantowy	fajrantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajrantowy	fajrantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajrantowym	fajrantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajrantowym	fajrantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowym	fajrantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajrantowymi	fajrantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławiccy	fajsławicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajsławicka	fajsławicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajsławicką	fajsławicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajsławicką	fajsławicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajsławickich	fajsławicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajsławickich	fajsławicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławickich	fajsławicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławickie	fajsławicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławickie	fajsławicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławickie	fajsławicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajsławickie	fajsławicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajsławickiego	fajsławicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajsławickiego	fajsławicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajsławickiej	fajsławicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajsławickiej	fajsławicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajsławickiej	fajsławicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajsławickiemu	fajsławicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajsławicki	fajsławicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajsławicki	fajsławicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajsławickim	fajsławicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławickim	fajsławicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajsławickim	fajsławicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajsławickimi	fajsławicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajsławicko	fajsławicki	adja		
fajsławicku	fajsławicki	adjp		
fajsławicko	fajsławicko	adv:pos		
fajsławickościach	fajsławickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickościami	fajsławickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickością	fajsławickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickości	fajsławickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickościom	fajsławickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickość	fajsławickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajsławickość	fajsławickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajt	fajt	interj		
fajtacie	fajtać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fajtać	fajtać	inf:imperf		
fajta	fajtać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fajtająca	fajtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fajtającą	fajtać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fajtające	fajtać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajtające	fajtać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajtającego	fajtać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fajtającego	fajtać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajtającej	fajtać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fajtającemu	fajtać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajtając	fajtać	pcon:imperf		
fajtająco	fajtać	pacta		
fajtających	fajtać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajtających	fajtać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajtający	fajtać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fajtający	fajtać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fajtający	fajtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fajtającym	fajtać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajtającym	fajtać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fajtającymi	fajtać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fajtają	fajtać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fajtajcie	fajtać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fajtaj	fajtać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fajtajmy	fajtać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fajtaliby	fajtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fajtalibyście	fajtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fajtalibyśmy	fajtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fajtali	fajtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fajtali	fajtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fajtaliście	fajtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fajtaliśmy	fajtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fajtałaby	fajtać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fajtałabym	fajtać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fajtałabyś	fajtać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fajtała	fajtać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fajtała	fajtać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fajtałam	fajtać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fajtałaś	fajtać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fajtałby	fajtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fajtałbym	fajtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fajtałbyś	fajtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fajtałem	fajtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fajtałeś	fajtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fajtał	fajtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fajtał	fajtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fajtałoby	fajtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fajtałobym	fajtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fajtałobyś	fajtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fajtało	fajtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fajtało	fajtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fajtałom	fajtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fajtałoś	fajtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fajtałyby	fajtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fajtałybyście	fajtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fajtałybyśmy	fajtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fajtały	fajtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fajtały	fajtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fajtałyście	fajtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fajtałyśmy	fajtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fajtam	fajtać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fajtamy	fajtać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fajtaniach	fajtać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtania	fajtać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtania	fajtać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtaniami	fajtać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtanie	fajtać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtaniem	fajtać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtaniom	fajtać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtaniu	fajtać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtano	fajtać	imps:imperf		
fajtań	fajtać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fajtasz	fajtać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fajtłapach	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapa	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapami	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapą	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapę	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapie	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapie	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapo	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapom	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapowie	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapowie	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapów	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapów	fajtłapa:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapach	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapa	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapami	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapą	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapę	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłap	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapie	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapie	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapo	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapom	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s2	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapy	fajtłapa:s2	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fajtłapowatościach	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatościami	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatością	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatości	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatościom	fajtłapowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatość	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowatość	fajtłapowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajtłapowaci	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajtłapowata	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajtłapowatą	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajtłapowatą	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajtłapowate	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajtłapowate	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajtłapowate	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowate	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowatego	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajtłapowatego	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowatej	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajtłapowatej	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajtłapowatej	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajtłapowatemu	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowato	fajtłapowaty	adja		
fajtłapowatych	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajtłapowatych	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajtłapowatych	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajtłapowaty	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajtłapowaty	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajtłapowatym	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajtłapowatym	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowatym	fajtłapowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajtłapowatymi	fajtłapowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajtnąć	fajtnąć	inf:perf		
fajtną	fajtnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
fajtnąłby	fajtnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fajtnąłbym	fajtnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fajtnąłbyś	fajtnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fajtnąłem	fajtnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fajtnąłeś	fajtnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fajtnął	fajtnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
fajtnął	fajtnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fajtnąwszy	fajtnąć	pant:perf		
fajtnę	fajtnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
fajtnęliby	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fajtnęlibyście	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fajtnęlibyśmy	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fajtnęli	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
fajtnęli	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fajtnęliście	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fajtnęliśmy	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fajtnęłaby	fajtnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
fajtnęłabym	fajtnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
fajtnęłabyś	fajtnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
fajtnęła	fajtnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
fajtnęła	fajtnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
fajtnęłam	fajtnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
fajtnęłaś	fajtnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
fajtnęłoby	fajtnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fajtnęłobym	fajtnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fajtnęłobyś	fajtnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fajtnęło	fajtnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
fajtnęło	fajtnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fajtnęłom	fajtnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fajtnęłoś	fajtnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fajtnęłyby	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fajtnęłybyście	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fajtnęłybyśmy	fajtnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fajtnęły	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
fajtnęły	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fajtnęłyście	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fajtnęłyśmy	fajtnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fajtniecie	fajtnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
fajtnie	fajtnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
fajtniemy	fajtnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
fajtniesz	fajtnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
fajtnięciach	fajtnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięcia	fajtnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięcia	fajtnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięciami	fajtnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięcie	fajtnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięciem	fajtnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięciom	fajtnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięciu	fajtnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięć	fajtnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fajtnięto	fajtnąć	imps:perf		
fajtnijcie	fajtnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
fajtnij	fajtnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
fajtnijmy	fajtnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
fajumscy	fajumski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fajumska	fajumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fajumską	fajumski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fajumską	fajumski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fajumskich	fajumski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fajumskich	fajumski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajumskich	fajumski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajumskie	fajumski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajumskie	fajumski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fajumskie	fajumski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fajumskie	fajumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fajumskiego	fajumski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fajumskiego	fajumski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajumskiej	fajumski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fajumskiej	fajumski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fajumskiej	fajumski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fajumskiemu	fajumski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajumski	fajumski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fajumski	fajumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fajumskim	fajumski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajumskim	fajumski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajumskim	fajumski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fajumskimi	fajumski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fajumsko	fajumski	adja		
fajumsku	fajumski	adjp		
fajumsko	fajumsko	adv:pos		
fajumskościach	fajumskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskościami	fajumskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskością	fajumskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskości	fajumskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskościom	fajumskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskość	fajumskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fajumskość	fajumskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakcikach	fakcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcikami	fakcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcik	fakcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcik	fakcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcikiem	fakcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciki	fakcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciki	fakcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciki	fakcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcikom	fakcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcikowi	fakcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcików	fakcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciku	fakcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciku	fakcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakciku	fakcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcjach	fakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcja	fakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjami	fakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcją	fakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcje	fakcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcje	fakcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcje	fakcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcję	fakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcji	fakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
fakcji	fakcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcji	fakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcji	fakcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjo	fakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjom	fakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyj	fakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
fakcjonistach	fakcjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonista	fakcjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistami	fakcjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistą	fakcjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistę	fakcjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonisto	fakcjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistom	fakcjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistów	fakcjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonistów	fakcjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonisty	fakcjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonisty	fakcjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjonisty	fakcjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjoniście	fakcjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjoniście	fakcjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjoniści	fakcjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcjoniści	fakcjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjnościach	fakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjnościami	fakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjnością	fakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjności	fakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjnościom	fakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjność	fakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjność	fakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fakcyjna	fakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjną	fakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjną	fakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjne	fakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakcyjne	fakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakcyjne	fakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjne	fakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjnego	fakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fakcyjnego	fakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjnej	fakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjnej	fakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjnej	fakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fakcyjnemu	fakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjni	fakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fakcyjno	fakcyjny	adja		daw.
fakcyjnych	fakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fakcyjnych	fakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakcyjnych	fakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakcyjny	fakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fakcyjny	fakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fakcyjnym	fakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakcyjnym	fakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjnym	fakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fakcyjnymi	fakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fakelcugach	fakelcug	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugami	fakelcug	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcug	fakelcug	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcug	fakelcug	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugiem	fakelcug	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugi	fakelcug	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugi	fakelcug	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugi	fakelcug	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugom	fakelcug	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugowi	fakelcug	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugów	fakelcug	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugu	fakelcug	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugu	fakelcug	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakelcugu	fakelcug	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fakirach	fakir	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakira	fakir	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakira	fakir	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirami	fakir	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirem	fakir	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakir	fakir	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirom	fakir	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowie	fakir	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowie	fakir	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowi	fakir	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirów	fakir	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirów	fakir	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakiry	fakir	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fakiry	fakir	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fakirze	fakir	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirze	fakir	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirzy	fakir	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirzy	fakir	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakirek	fakirek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirek	fakirek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirkach	fakirek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirka	fakirek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirkami	fakirek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirkiem	fakirek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirki	fakirek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirki	fakirek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirki	fakirek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirkom	fakirek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirkowi	fakirek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirków	fakirek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirku	fakirek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirku	fakirek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowościach	fakirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowościami	fakirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowością	fakirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowości	fakirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowościom	fakirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowość	fakirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowość	fakirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirowa	fakirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakirową	fakirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakirową	fakirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakirowe	fakirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakirowe	fakirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakirowe	fakirowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakirowe	fakirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakirowego	fakirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakirowego	fakirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirowej	fakirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakirowej	fakirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakirowej	fakirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakirowemu	fakirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirowi	fakirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakirowo	fakirowy	adja		
fakirowych	fakirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakirowych	fakirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirowych	fakirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirowy	fakirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakirowy	fakirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakirowym	fakirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirowym	fakirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirowym	fakirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirowymi	fakirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirscy	fakirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakirska	fakirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakirską	fakirski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakirską	fakirski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakirskich	fakirski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakirskich	fakirski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirskich	fakirski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirskie	fakirski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakirskie	fakirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakirskie	fakirski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakirskie	fakirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakirskiego	fakirski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakirskiego	fakirski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirskiej	fakirski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakirskiej	fakirski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakirskiej	fakirski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakirskiemu	fakirski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirski	fakirski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakirski	fakirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakirskim	fakirski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirskim	fakirski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirskim	fakirski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakirskimi	fakirski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakirsko	fakirski	adja		
fakirsku	fakirski	adjp		
fakirsko	fakirsko	adv:pos		
fakirskościach	fakirskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskościami	fakirskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskością	fakirskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskości	fakirskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskościom	fakirskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskość	fakirskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakirskość	fakirskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakonach	fakon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonami	fakon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonem	fakon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakon	fakon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakon	fakon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonie	fakon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonie	fakon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonom	fakon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonowi	fakon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonów	fakon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakonu	fakon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakony	fakon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakony	fakon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakony	fakon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksach	faks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksami	faks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksem	faks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faks	faks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faks	faks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksie	faks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksie	faks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksom	faks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksowi	faks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksów	faks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksu	faks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	faks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	faks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	faks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksować	faksować	inf:imperf		
faksowaliby	faksować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faksowalibyście	faksować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faksowalibyśmy	faksować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faksowali	faksować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faksowali	faksować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faksowaliście	faksować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faksowaliśmy	faksować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faksowałaby	faksować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faksowałabym	faksować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faksowałabyś	faksować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faksowała	faksować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faksowała	faksować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faksowałam	faksować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faksowałaś	faksować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faksowałby	faksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faksowałbym	faksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faksowałbyś	faksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faksowałem	faksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faksowałeś	faksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faksował	faksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faksował	faksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faksowałoby	faksować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faksowałobym	faksować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faksowałobyś	faksować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faksowało	faksować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faksowało	faksować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faksowałom	faksować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faksowałoś	faksować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faksowałyby	faksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faksowałybyście	faksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faksowałybyśmy	faksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faksowały	faksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faksowały	faksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faksowałyście	faksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faksowałyśmy	faksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faksowana	faksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faksowaną	faksować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faksowane	faksować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksowane	faksować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksowanego	faksować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faksowanego	faksować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksowanej	faksować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faksowanemu	faksować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksowaniach	faksować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowania	faksować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowania	faksować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowaniami	faksować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowanie	faksować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowaniem	faksować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowani	faksować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksowaniom	faksować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowaniu	faksować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksowano	faksować	imps:imperf		
faksowanych	faksować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksowanych	faksować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksowany	faksować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faksowany	faksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faksowanym	faksować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksowanym	faksować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksowanymi	faksować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksowań	faksować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faksująca	faksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faksującą	faksować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faksujące	faksować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksujące	faksować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksującego	faksować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faksującego	faksować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksującej	faksować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faksującemu	faksować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksując	faksować	pcon:imperf		
faksująco	faksować	pacta		
faksujących	faksować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksujących	faksować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksujący	faksować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksujący	faksować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faksujący	faksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faksującym	faksować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksującym	faksować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksującymi	faksować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksują	faksować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faksujcie	faksować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faksujecie	faksować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faksuje	faksować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faksujemy	faksować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faksujesz	faksować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faksuję	faksować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faksuj	faksować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faksujmy	faksować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faksowościach	faksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowościami	faksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowością	faksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowości	faksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowościom	faksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowość	faksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowość	faksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksowa	faksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faksową	faksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faksową	faksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faksowe	faksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksowe	faksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksowe	faksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faksowe	faksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faksowego	faksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faksowego	faksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksowej	faksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faksowej	faksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faksowej	faksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faksowemu	faksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksowi	faksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faksowo	faksowy	adja		
faksowych	faksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faksowych	faksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksowych	faksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksowy	faksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faksowy	faksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faksowym	faksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksowym	faksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksowym	faksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksowymi	faksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymile	faksymile	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymiliach	faksymile	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilia	faksymile	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilia	faksymile	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilia	faksymile	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymiliami	faksymile	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymiliom	faksymile	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymiliów	faksymile	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilować	faksymilować	inf:imperf		
faksymilowaliby	faksymilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faksymilowalibyście	faksymilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faksymilowalibyśmy	faksymilować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faksymilowali	faksymilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faksymilowali	faksymilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faksymilowaliście	faksymilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faksymilowaliśmy	faksymilować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałaby	faksymilować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałabym	faksymilować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałabyś	faksymilować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faksymilowała	faksymilować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faksymilowała	faksymilować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałam	faksymilować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałaś	faksymilować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faksymilowałby	faksymilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałbym	faksymilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałbyś	faksymilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faksymilowałem	faksymilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałeś	faksymilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faksymilował	faksymilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faksymilował	faksymilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałoby	faksymilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałobym	faksymilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałobyś	faksymilować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faksymilowało	faksymilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faksymilowało	faksymilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałom	faksymilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faksymilowałoś	faksymilować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faksymilowałyby	faksymilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałybyście	faksymilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faksymilowałybyśmy	faksymilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faksymilowały	faksymilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faksymilowały	faksymilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faksymilowałyście	faksymilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faksymilowałyśmy	faksymilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faksymilowana	faksymilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaną	faksymilować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilowane	faksymilować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowane	faksymilować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanego	faksymilować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanego	faksymilować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanej	faksymilować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanemu	faksymilować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaniach	faksymilować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowania	faksymilować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowania	faksymilować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaniami	faksymilować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanie	faksymilować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaniem	faksymilować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowani	faksymilować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaniom	faksymilować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowaniu	faksymilować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowano	faksymilować	imps:imperf		
faksymilowanych	faksymilować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanych	faksymilować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowany	faksymilować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowany	faksymilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanym	faksymilować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanym	faksymilować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilowanymi	faksymilować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilowań	faksymilować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilująca	faksymilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilującą	faksymilować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilujące	faksymilować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilujące	faksymilować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilującego	faksymilować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faksymilującego	faksymilować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilującej	faksymilować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faksymilującemu	faksymilować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilując	faksymilować	pcon:imperf		
faksymilująco	faksymilować	pacta		
faksymilujących	faksymilować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksymilujących	faksymilować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilujący	faksymilować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faksymilujący	faksymilować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faksymilujący	faksymilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faksymilującym	faksymilować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilującym	faksymilować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faksymilującymi	faksymilować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faksymilują	faksymilować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faksymilujcie	faksymilować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faksymilujecie	faksymilować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faksymiluje	faksymilować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faksymilujemy	faksymilować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faksymilujesz	faksymilować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faksymiluję	faksymilować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faksymiluj	faksymilować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faksymilujmy	faksymilować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faksymilowanościach	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowanościami	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowanością	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaności	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowanościom	faksymilowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaność	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowaność	faksymilowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowana	faksymilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faksymilowaną	faksymilowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faksymilowaną	faksymilowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faksymilowane	faksymilowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowane	faksymilowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowane	faksymilowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowane	faksymilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowanego	faksymilowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faksymilowanego	faksymilowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowanej	faksymilowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faksymilowanej	faksymilowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faksymilowanej	faksymilowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faksymilowanemu	faksymilowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowani	faksymilowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faksymilowano	faksymilowany	adja		
faksymilowanych	faksymilowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faksymilowanych	faksymilowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowanych	faksymilowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowany	faksymilowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faksymilowany	faksymilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faksymilowanym	faksymilowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowanym	faksymilowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowanym	faksymilowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowanymi	faksymilowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowościach	faksymilowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowościami	faksymilowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowością	faksymilowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowości	faksymilowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowościom	faksymilowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowość	faksymilowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowość	faksymilowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faksymilowa	faksymilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faksymilową	faksymilowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faksymilową	faksymilowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faksymilowe	faksymilowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowe	faksymilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowe	faksymilowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowe	faksymilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowego	faksymilowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faksymilowego	faksymilowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowej	faksymilowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faksymilowej	faksymilowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faksymilowej	faksymilowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faksymilowemu	faksymilowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowi	faksymilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faksymilowo	faksymilowy	adja		
faksymilowych	faksymilowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faksymilowych	faksymilowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowych	faksymilowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowy	faksymilowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faksymilowy	faksymilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faksymilowym	faksymilowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faksymilowym	faksymilowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowym	faksymilowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faksymilowymi	faksymilowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakcie	fakt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakcie	fakt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktach	fakt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktami	fakt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktem	fakt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakt	fakt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakt	fakt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktom	fakt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktowi	fakt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktów	fakt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktu	fakt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakty	fakt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakty	fakt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakty	fakt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktografach	faktograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografa	faktograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografa	faktograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografami	faktograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografem	faktograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktograf	faktograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografie	faktograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografie	faktograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografom	faktograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografowie	faktograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografowie	faktograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografowi	faktograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografów	faktograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografów	faktograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktografy	faktograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faktografy	faktograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faktografiach	faktografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografia	faktografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografiami	faktografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografią	faktografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografie	faktografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografie	faktografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografie	faktografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografię	faktografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografii	faktografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faktografii	faktografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografii	faktografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografii	faktografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografij	faktografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faktografio	faktografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktografiom	faktografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficznie	faktograficznie	adv:pos		
faktograficznościach	faktograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficznościami	faktograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficznością	faktograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzności	faktograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficznościom	faktograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzność	faktograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzność	faktograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktograficzna	faktograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faktograficzną	faktograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faktograficzną	faktograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faktograficzne	faktograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktograficzne	faktograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktograficzne	faktograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faktograficzne	faktograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faktograficznego	faktograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faktograficznego	faktograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktograficznej	faktograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faktograficznej	faktograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faktograficznej	faktograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faktograficznemu	faktograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktograficzni	faktograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faktograficzno	faktograficzny	adja		
faktograficznych	faktograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faktograficznych	faktograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktograficznych	faktograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktograficzny	faktograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faktograficzny	faktograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faktograficznym	faktograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktograficznym	faktograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktograficznym	faktograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktograficznymi	faktograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktoidach	faktoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidami	faktoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidem	faktoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoid	faktoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoid	faktoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidom	faktoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidowi	faktoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidów	faktoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidu	faktoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidy	faktoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidy	faktoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidy	faktoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidzie	faktoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoidzie	faktoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiach	faktologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologia	faktologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiami	faktologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologią	faktologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologie	faktologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologie	faktologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologie	faktologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologię	faktologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologii	faktologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faktologii	faktologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologii	faktologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologii	faktologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologij	faktologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faktologio	faktologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiom	faktologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologicznościach	faktologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologicznościami	faktologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologicznością	faktologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczności	faktologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologicznościom	faktologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczność	faktologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczność	faktologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktologiczna	faktologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faktologiczną	faktologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faktologiczną	faktologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faktologiczne	faktologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktologiczne	faktologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktologiczne	faktologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faktologiczne	faktologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faktologicznego	faktologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faktologicznego	faktologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktologicznej	faktologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faktologicznej	faktologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faktologicznej	faktologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faktologicznemu	faktologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktologiczni	faktologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faktologiczno	faktologiczny	adja		
faktologicznych	faktologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faktologicznych	faktologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktologicznych	faktologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktologiczny	faktologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faktologiczny	faktologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faktologicznym	faktologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktologicznym	faktologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktologicznym	faktologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktologicznymi	faktologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktomontażach	faktomontaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażami	faktomontaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaże	faktomontaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaże	faktomontaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaże	faktomontaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażem	faktomontaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaż	faktomontaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaż	faktomontaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażom	faktomontaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażowi	faktomontaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażów	faktomontaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażu	faktomontaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażu	faktomontaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontażu	faktomontaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktomontaży	faktomontaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorancie	faktorant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorancie	faktorant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranci	faktorant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranci	faktorant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantach	faktorant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranta	faktorant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranta	faktorant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantami	faktorant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantem	faktorant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorant	faktorant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantom	faktorant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantowi	faktorant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantów	faktorant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktorantów	faktorant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranty	faktorant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoranty	faktorant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
faktoriach	faktoria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktoria	faktoria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktoriami	faktoria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorią	faktoria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorie	faktoria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorie	faktoria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorie	faktoria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorię	faktoria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorii	faktoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faktorii	faktoria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorii	faktoria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorii	faktoria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorio	faktoria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktoriom	faktoria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktoryj	faktoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faktoringach	faktoring	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringami	faktoring	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoring	faktoring	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoring	faktoring	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringiem	faktoring	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringi	faktoring	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringi	faktoring	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringi	faktoring	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringom	faktoring	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringowi	faktoring	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringów	faktoring	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringu	faktoring	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringu	faktoring	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringu	faktoring	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktoringowa	faktoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faktoringową	faktoringowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faktoringową	faktoringowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faktoringowe	faktoringowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktoringowe	faktoringowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktoringowe	faktoringowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowe	faktoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowego	faktoringowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faktoringowego	faktoringowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowej	faktoringowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faktoringowej	faktoringowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faktoringowej	faktoringowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faktoringowemu	faktoringowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowi	faktoringowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faktoringowo	faktoringowy	adja		
faktoringowych	faktoringowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faktoringowych	faktoringowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktoringowych	faktoringowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktoringowy	faktoringowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faktoringowy	faktoringowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faktoringowym	faktoringowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktoringowym	faktoringowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowym	faktoringowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktoringowymi	faktoringowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktorce	faktorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorce	faktorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorek	faktorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorkach	faktorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorka	faktorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorkami	faktorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorką	faktorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorkę	faktorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorki	faktorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorki	faktorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorki	faktorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorki	faktorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorko	faktorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorkom	faktorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorne	faktorne	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornego	faktorne	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornemu	faktorne	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornych	faktorne	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornych	faktorne	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornym	faktorne	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornym	faktorne	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornym	faktorne	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktornymi	faktorne	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorować	faktorować	inf:imperf		
faktorowaliby	faktorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faktorowalibyście	faktorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faktorowalibyśmy	faktorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faktorowali	faktorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faktorowali	faktorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faktorowaliście	faktorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faktorowaliśmy	faktorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faktorowałaby	faktorować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faktorowałabym	faktorować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faktorowałabyś	faktorować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faktorowała	faktorować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faktorowała	faktorować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faktorowałam	faktorować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faktorowałaś	faktorować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faktorowałby	faktorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faktorowałbym	faktorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faktorowałbyś	faktorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faktorowałem	faktorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faktorowałeś	faktorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faktorował	faktorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faktorował	faktorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faktorowałoby	faktorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faktorowałobym	faktorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faktorowałobyś	faktorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faktorowało	faktorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faktorowało	faktorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faktorowałom	faktorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faktorowałoś	faktorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faktorowałyby	faktorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faktorowałybyście	faktorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faktorowałybyśmy	faktorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faktorowały	faktorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faktorowały	faktorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faktorowałyście	faktorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faktorowałyśmy	faktorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faktorowaniach	faktorować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowania	faktorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowania	faktorować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowaniami	faktorować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowanie	faktorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowaniem	faktorować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowaniom	faktorować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowaniu	faktorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorowano	faktorować	imps:imperf		
faktorowań	faktorować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorująca	faktorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faktorującą	faktorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faktorujące	faktorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorujące	faktorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorującego	faktorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faktorującego	faktorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorującej	faktorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faktorującemu	faktorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorując	faktorować	pcon:imperf		
faktorująco	faktorować	pacta		
faktorujących	faktorować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faktorujących	faktorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorujący	faktorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faktorujący	faktorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faktorujący	faktorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faktorującym	faktorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorującym	faktorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorującymi	faktorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorują	faktorować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faktorujcie	faktorować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faktorujecie	faktorować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faktoruje	faktorować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faktorujemy	faktorować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faktorujesz	faktorować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faktoruję	faktorować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faktoruj	faktorować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faktorujmy	faktorować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faktorach	faktor:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktora	faktor:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktora	faktor:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorami	faktor:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorem	faktor:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktor	faktor:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorom	faktor:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorowie	faktor:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorowie	faktor:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorowi	faktor:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorów	faktor:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorów	faktor:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktory	faktor:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faktory	faktor:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorze	faktor:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorze	faktor:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorzy	faktor:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorzy	faktor:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faktorach	faktor:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktora	faktor:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorami	faktor:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorem	faktor:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktor	faktor:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktor	faktor:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorom	faktor:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorowi	faktor:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorów	faktor:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktory	faktor:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktory	faktor:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktory	faktor:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorze	faktor:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorze	faktor:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktorscy	faktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faktorska	faktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faktorską	faktorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faktorską	faktorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faktorskich	faktorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faktorskich	faktorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktorskich	faktorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktorskie	faktorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktorskie	faktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktorskie	faktorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faktorskie	faktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faktorskiego	faktorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faktorskiego	faktorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktorskiej	faktorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faktorskiej	faktorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faktorskiej	faktorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faktorskiemu	faktorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktorski	faktorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faktorski	faktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faktorskim	faktorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktorskim	faktorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktorskim	faktorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktorskimi	faktorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktorsko	faktorski	adja		
faktorsku	faktorski	adjp		
faktorsko	faktorsko	adv:pos		
faktorskościach	faktorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskościami	faktorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskością	faktorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskości	faktorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskościom	faktorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskość	faktorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorskość	faktorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwach	faktorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwa	faktorstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwa	faktorstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwa	faktorstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwa	faktorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwami	faktorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwem	faktorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstw	faktorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwie	faktorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwo	faktorstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwo	faktorstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwo	faktorstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwom	faktorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorstwu	faktorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktorząca	faktorzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faktorzącą	faktorzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faktorzące	faktorzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorzące	faktorzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzącego	faktorzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faktorzącego	faktorzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzącej	faktorzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faktorzącemu	faktorzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorząc	faktorzyć	pcon:imperf		przest.
faktorząco	faktorzyć	pacta		
faktorzących	faktorzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faktorzących	faktorzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorzący	faktorzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faktorzący	faktorzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faktorzący	faktorzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faktorzącym	faktorzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorzącym	faktorzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzącymi	faktorzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faktorzą	faktorzyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzeniach	faktorzyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzenia	faktorzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzenia	faktorzyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzeniami	faktorzyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzenie	faktorzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzeniem	faktorzyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzeniom	faktorzyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzeniu	faktorzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzeń	faktorzyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faktorzę	faktorzyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzono	faktorzyć	imps:imperf		przest.
faktorzycie	faktorzyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyć	faktorzyć	inf:imperf		przest.
faktorzy	faktorzyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyliby	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzylibyście	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzylibyśmy	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyli	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
faktorzyli	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyliście	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyliśmy	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłaby	faktorzyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłabym	faktorzyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłabyś	faktorzyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyła	faktorzyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
faktorzyła	faktorzyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłam	faktorzyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłaś	faktorzyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłby	faktorzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłbym	faktorzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłbyś	faktorzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłem	faktorzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłeś	faktorzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzył	faktorzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
faktorzył	faktorzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłoby	faktorzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłobym	faktorzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłobyś	faktorzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyło	faktorzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
faktorzyło	faktorzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłom	faktorzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłoś	faktorzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłyby	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłybyście	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłybyśmy	faktorzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzyły	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
faktorzyły	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłyście	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
faktorzyłyśmy	faktorzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzymy	faktorzyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
faktorzysz	faktorzyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
faktórzcie	faktorzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
faktórz	faktorzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
faktórzmy	faktorzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
faktotach	faktotum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktota	faktotum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktota	faktotum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktota	faktotum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotami	faktotum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotom	faktotum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotów	faktotum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faktotum	faktotum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fakturach	faktura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktura	faktura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturami	faktura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturą	faktura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturę	faktura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktur	faktura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturo	faktura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturom	faktura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktury	faktura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktury	faktura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktury	faktura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktury	faktura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturze	faktura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturze	faktura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalnie	fakturalnie	adv:pos		
fakturalnościach	fakturalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalnościami	fakturalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalnością	fakturalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalności	fakturalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalnościom	fakturalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalność	fakturalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalność	fakturalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturalna	fakturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakturalną	fakturalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakturalną	fakturalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakturalne	fakturalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakturalne	fakturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakturalne	fakturalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakturalne	fakturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakturalnego	fakturalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakturalnego	fakturalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturalnej	fakturalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakturalnej	fakturalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakturalnej	fakturalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakturalnemu	fakturalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturalni	fakturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakturalno	fakturalny	adja		
fakturalnych	fakturalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakturalnych	fakturalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturalnych	fakturalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturalny	fakturalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakturalny	fakturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakturalnym	fakturalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturalnym	fakturalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturalnym	fakturalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturalnymi	fakturalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturce	fakturka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturce	fakturka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturek	fakturka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturkach	fakturka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturka	fakturka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturkami	fakturka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturką	fakturka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturkę	fakturka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturki	fakturka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturki	fakturka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturki	fakturka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturki	fakturka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturko	fakturka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturkom	fakturka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturować	fakturować	inf:imperf		
fakturowaliby	fakturować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fakturowalibyście	fakturować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fakturowalibyśmy	fakturować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fakturowali	fakturować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fakturowali	fakturować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fakturowaliście	fakturować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fakturowaliśmy	fakturować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fakturowałaby	fakturować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fakturowałabym	fakturować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fakturowałabyś	fakturować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fakturowała	fakturować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fakturowała	fakturować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fakturowałam	fakturować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fakturowałaś	fakturować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fakturowałby	fakturować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fakturowałbym	fakturować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fakturowałbyś	fakturować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fakturowałem	fakturować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fakturowałeś	fakturować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fakturował	fakturować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fakturował	fakturować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fakturowałoby	fakturować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fakturowałobym	fakturować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fakturowałobyś	fakturować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fakturowało	fakturować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fakturowało	fakturować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fakturowałom	fakturować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fakturowałoś	fakturować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fakturowałyby	fakturować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fakturowałybyście	fakturować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fakturowałybyśmy	fakturować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fakturowały	fakturować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fakturowały	fakturować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fakturowałyście	fakturować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fakturowałyśmy	fakturować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fakturowana	fakturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fakturowaną	fakturować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fakturowane	fakturować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturowane	fakturować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowanego	fakturować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fakturowanego	fakturować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowanej	fakturować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fakturowanemu	fakturować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowaniach	fakturować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowania	fakturować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowania	fakturować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowaniami	fakturować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowanie	fakturować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowaniem	fakturować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowani	fakturować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fakturowaniom	fakturować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowaniu	fakturować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowano	fakturować	imps:imperf		
fakturowanych	fakturować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fakturowanych	fakturować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturowany	fakturować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fakturowany	fakturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fakturowanym	fakturować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturowanym	fakturować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturowanymi	fakturować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturowań	fakturować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fakturująca	fakturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fakturującą	fakturować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fakturujące	fakturować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturujące	fakturować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturującego	fakturować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fakturującego	fakturować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturującej	fakturować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fakturującemu	fakturować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturując	fakturować	pcon:imperf		
fakturująco	fakturować	pacta		
fakturujących	fakturować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fakturujących	fakturować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturujący	fakturować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fakturujący	fakturować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fakturujący	fakturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fakturującym	fakturować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturującym	fakturować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fakturującymi	fakturować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fakturują	fakturować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fakturujcie	fakturować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fakturujecie	fakturować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fakturuje	fakturować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fakturujemy	fakturować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fakturujesz	fakturować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fakturuję	fakturować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fakturuj	fakturować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fakturujmy	fakturować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fakturowo	fakturowo	adv:pos		
fakturowościach	fakturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowościami	fakturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowością	fakturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowości	fakturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowościom	fakturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowość	fakturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowość	fakturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturowa	fakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakturową	fakturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakturową	fakturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakturowe	fakturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakturowe	fakturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakturowe	fakturowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakturowe	fakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakturowego	fakturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakturowego	fakturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturowej	fakturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakturowej	fakturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakturowej	fakturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakturowemu	fakturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturowi	fakturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakturowo	fakturowy	adja		
fakturowych	fakturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakturowych	fakturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturowych	fakturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturowy	fakturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakturowy	fakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakturowym	fakturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturowym	fakturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturowym	fakturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakturowymi	fakturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakturzystach	fakturzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzysta	fakturzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystami	fakturzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystą	fakturzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystę	fakturzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzysto	fakturzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystom	fakturzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystów	fakturzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystów	fakturzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzysty	fakturzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzysty	fakturzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzysty	fakturzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzyście	fakturzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzyście	fakturzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzyści	fakturzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzyści	fakturzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystce	fakturzystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystce	fakturzystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystek	fakturzystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystkach	fakturzystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystka	fakturzystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystkami	fakturzystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystką	fakturzystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystkę	fakturzystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystki	fakturzystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystki	fakturzystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystki	fakturzystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystki	fakturzystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystko	fakturzystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakturzystkom	fakturzystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktycznie	faktycznie	adv:pos		
faktycznościach	faktyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktycznościami	faktyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktycznością	faktyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczności	faktyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktycznościom	faktyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczność	faktyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczność	faktyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyczna	faktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faktyczną	faktyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faktyczną	faktyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faktyczne	faktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktyczne	faktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faktyczne	faktyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faktyczne	faktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faktycznego	faktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faktycznego	faktyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktycznej	faktyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faktycznej	faktyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faktycznej	faktyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faktycznemu	faktyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktyczni	faktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faktyczno	faktyczny	adja		
faktycznych	faktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faktycznych	faktyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktycznych	faktyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktyczny	faktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faktyczny	faktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faktycznym	faktyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktycznym	faktyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktycznym	faktyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faktycznymi	faktyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faktysach	faktys	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysami	faktys	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysem	faktys	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktys	faktys	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktys	faktys	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysie	faktys	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysie	faktys	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysom	faktys	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysowi	faktys	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysów	faktys	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysu	faktys	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktys	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktys	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktys	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faktysach	faktysa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysa	faktysa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysami	faktysa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysą	faktysa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysę	faktysa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktys	faktysa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysie	faktysa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysie	faktysa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktyso	faktysa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysom	faktysa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktysa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktysa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktysa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faktysy	faktysa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywnie	fakultatywnie	adv:pos		
fakultatywnościach	fakultatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywnościami	fakultatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywnością	fakultatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywności	fakultatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywnościom	fakultatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywność	fakultatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywność	fakultatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultatywna	fakultatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakultatywną	fakultatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakultatywną	fakultatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakultatywne	fakultatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakultatywne	fakultatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakultatywne	fakultatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywne	fakultatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywnego	fakultatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakultatywnego	fakultatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywnej	fakultatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakultatywnej	fakultatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakultatywnej	fakultatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakultatywnemu	fakultatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywni	fakultatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakultatywno	fakultatywny	adja		
fakultatywnych	fakultatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakultatywnych	fakultatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultatywnych	fakultatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultatywny	fakultatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakultatywny	fakultatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakultatywnym	fakultatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultatywnym	fakultatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywnym	fakultatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultatywnymi	fakultatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultecie	fakultet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultecie	fakultet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetach	fakultet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetami	fakultet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetem	fakultet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultet	fakultet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultet	fakultet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetom	fakultet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowi	fakultet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetów	fakultet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetu	fakultet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultety	fakultet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultety	fakultet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultety	fakultet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowościach	fakultetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowościami	fakultetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowością	fakultetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowości	fakultetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowościom	fakultetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowość	fakultetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowość	fakultetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fakultetowa	fakultetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fakultetową	fakultetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fakultetową	fakultetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fakultetowe	fakultetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakultetowe	fakultetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fakultetowe	fakultetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowe	fakultetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowego	fakultetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fakultetowego	fakultetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowej	fakultetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fakultetowej	fakultetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fakultetowej	fakultetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fakultetowemu	fakultetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowi	fakultetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fakultetowo	fakultetowy	adja		
fakultetowych	fakultetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fakultetowych	fakultetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultetowych	fakultetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultetowy	fakultetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fakultetowy	fakultetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fakultetowym	fakultetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fakultetowym	fakultetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowym	fakultetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fakultetowymi	fakultetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falach	fala	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fala	fala	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falami	fala	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falą	fala	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fale	fala	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fale	fala	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fale	fala	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falę	fala	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fal	fala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fali	fala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fali	fala	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fali	fala	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fali	fala	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falo	fala	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falom	fala	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falafelach	falafel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafela	falafel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelami	falafel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafele	falafel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafele	falafel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafele	falafel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelem	falafel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafel	falafel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafel	falafel	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafel	falafel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafeli	falafel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelom	falafel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelowi	falafel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelu	falafel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falafelu	falafel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
falaflach	falafel	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafla	falafel	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafla	falafel	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflami	falafel	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafle	falafel	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafle	falafel	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falafle	falafel	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflem	falafel	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflom	falafel	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflowi	falafel	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflów	falafel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflu	falafel	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falaflu	falafel	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|pot.
falandyszach	falandysz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszami	falandysz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandysze	falandysz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandysze	falandysz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandysze	falandysz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszem	falandysz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandysz	falandysz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandysz	falandysz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszom	falandysz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszowi	falandysz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszów	falandysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszu	falandysz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszu	falandysz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszu	falandysz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyszy	falandysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falandyzacjach	falandyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacja	falandyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacjami	falandyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacją	falandyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacje	falandyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacje	falandyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacje	falandyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzację	falandyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacji	falandyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
falandyzacji	falandyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacji	falandyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacji	falandyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacjo	falandyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacjom	falandyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falandyzacyj	falandyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
falandyzować	falandyzować	inf:imperf		
falandyzowaliby	falandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falandyzowalibyście	falandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falandyzowalibyśmy	falandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falandyzowali	falandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falandyzowali	falandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falandyzowaliście	falandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falandyzowaliśmy	falandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałaby	falandyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałabym	falandyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałabyś	falandyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falandyzowała	falandyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falandyzowała	falandyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałam	falandyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałaś	falandyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falandyzowałby	falandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałbym	falandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałbyś	falandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falandyzowałem	falandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałeś	falandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falandyzował	falandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falandyzował	falandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałoby	falandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałobym	falandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałobyś	falandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falandyzowało	falandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falandyzowało	falandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałom	falandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falandyzowałoś	falandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falandyzowałyby	falandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałybyście	falandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falandyzowałybyśmy	falandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falandyzowały	falandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falandyzowały	falandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falandyzowałyście	falandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falandyzowałyśmy	falandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falandyzowana	falandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaną	falandyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzowane	falandyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowane	falandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanego	falandyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanego	falandyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanej	falandyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanemu	falandyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaniach	falandyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowania	falandyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowania	falandyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaniami	falandyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanie	falandyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaniem	falandyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowani	falandyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaniom	falandyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowaniu	falandyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowano	falandyzować	imps:imperf		
falandyzowanych	falandyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanych	falandyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowany	falandyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowany	falandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanym	falandyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanym	falandyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzowanymi	falandyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzowań	falandyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzująca	falandyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzującą	falandyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzujące	falandyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzujące	falandyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzującego	falandyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falandyzującego	falandyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzującej	falandyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falandyzującemu	falandyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzując	falandyzować	pcon:imperf		
falandyzująco	falandyzować	pacta		
falandyzujących	falandyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falandyzujących	falandyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzujący	falandyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falandyzujący	falandyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falandyzujący	falandyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falandyzującym	falandyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzującym	falandyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falandyzującymi	falandyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falandyzują	falandyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falandyzujcie	falandyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falandyzujecie	falandyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
falandyzuje	falandyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falandyzujemy	falandyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falandyzujesz	falandyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
falandyzuję	falandyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
falandyzuj	falandyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falandyzujmy	falandyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falandze	falanga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falandze	falanga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangach	falanga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falanga	falanga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangami	falanga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangą	falanga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangę	falanga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falang	falanga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangi	falanga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangi	falanga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangi	falanga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangi	falanga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falango	falanga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangom	falanga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falangistach	falangista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangista	falangista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistami	falangista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistą	falangista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistę	falangista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangisto	falangista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistom	falangista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistów	falangista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistów	falangista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangisty	falangista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falangisty	falangista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falangisty	falangista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangiście	falangista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangiście	falangista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangiści	falangista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangiści	falangista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangistce	falangistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistce	falangistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistek	falangistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistkach	falangistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistka	falangistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistkami	falangistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistką	falangistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistkę	falangistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistki	falangistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistki	falangistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistki	falangistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistki	falangistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistko	falangistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistkom	falangistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowscy	falangistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falangistowska	falangistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falangistowską	falangistowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falangistowską	falangistowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falangistowskich	falangistowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falangistowskich	falangistowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowskich	falangistowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowskie	falangistowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowskie	falangistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowskie	falangistowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falangistowskie	falangistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falangistowskiego	falangistowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falangistowskiego	falangistowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangistowskiej	falangistowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falangistowskiej	falangistowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falangistowskiej	falangistowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falangistowskiemu	falangistowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangistowski	falangistowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falangistowski	falangistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falangistowskim	falangistowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowskim	falangistowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangistowskim	falangistowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangistowskimi	falangistowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangistowsko	falangistowski	adja		
falangistowsku	falangistowski	adjp		
falangistowsko	falangistowsko	adv:pos		
falangistowskościach	falangistowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskościami	falangistowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskością	falangistowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskości	falangistowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskościom	falangistowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskość	falangistowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangistowskość	falangistowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangicie	falangita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangicie	falangita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangici	falangita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangici	falangita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitach	falangita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangita	falangita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitami	falangita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitą	falangita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitę	falangita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangito	falangita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitom	falangita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitów	falangita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangitów	falangita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangity	falangita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falangity	falangita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falangity	falangita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falangowo	falangowo	adv:pos		
falangowościach	falangowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowościami	falangowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowością	falangowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowości	falangowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowościom	falangowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowość	falangowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowość	falangowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falangowa	falangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falangową	falangowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falangową	falangowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falangowe	falangowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falangowe	falangowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falangowe	falangowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falangowe	falangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falangowego	falangowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falangowego	falangowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangowej	falangowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falangowej	falangowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falangowej	falangowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falangowemu	falangowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangowi	falangowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falangowo	falangowy	adja		
falangowych	falangowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falangowych	falangowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangowych	falangowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangowy	falangowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falangowy	falangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falangowym	falangowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falangowym	falangowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangowym	falangowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falangowymi	falangowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falansterach	falanster	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterami	falanster	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterem	falanster	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falanster	falanster	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falanster	falanster	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterom	falanster	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterowi	falanster	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterów	falanster	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteru	falanster	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falanstery	falanster	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falanstery	falanster	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falanstery	falanster	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterze	falanster	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterze	falanster	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjnościach	falansteryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjnościami	falansteryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjnością	falansteryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjności	falansteryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjnościom	falansteryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjność	falansteryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjność	falansteryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryjna	falansteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falansteryjną	falansteryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falansteryjną	falansteryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falansteryjne	falansteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryjne	falansteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryjne	falansteryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjne	falansteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjnego	falansteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falansteryjnego	falansteryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjnej	falansteryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falansteryjnej	falansteryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falansteryjnej	falansteryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falansteryjnemu	falansteryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjni	falansteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falansteryjno	falansteryjny	adja		
falansteryjnych	falansteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falansteryjnych	falansteryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryjnych	falansteryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryjny	falansteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falansteryjny	falansteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falansteryjnym	falansteryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryjnym	falansteryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjnym	falansteryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falansteryjnymi	falansteryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falansteryzmach	falansteryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmami	falansteryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmem	falansteryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzm	falansteryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzm	falansteryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmie	falansteryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmie	falansteryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmom	falansteryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmowi	falansteryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmów	falansteryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmu	falansteryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmy	falansteryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmy	falansteryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansteryzmy	falansteryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystach	falansterzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzysta	falansterzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystami	falansterzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystą	falansterzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystę	falansterzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzysto	falansterzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystom	falansterzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystów	falansterzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzystów	falansterzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzysty	falansterzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzysty	falansterzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzysty	falansterzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzyście	falansterzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzyście	falansterzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzyści	falansterzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falansterzyści	falansterzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falbanach	falbana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbana	falbana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanami	falbana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaną	falbana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanę	falbana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falban	falbana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanie	falbana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanie	falbana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbano	falbana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanom	falbana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbany	falbana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbany	falbana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbany	falbana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbany	falbana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczce	falbaneczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczce	falbaneczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczek	falbaneczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczkach	falbaneczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczka	falbaneczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczkami	falbaneczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczką	falbaneczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczkę	falbaneczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczki	falbaneczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczki	falbaneczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczki	falbaneczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczki	falbaneczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczko	falbaneczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaneczkom	falbaneczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastościach	falbaniastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastościami	falbaniastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastością	falbaniastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastości	falbaniastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastościom	falbaniastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastość	falbaniastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniastość	falbaniastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbaniasta	falbaniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falbaniastą	falbaniasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falbaniastą	falbaniasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falbaniaste	falbaniasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniaste	falbaniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniaste	falbaniasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falbaniaste	falbaniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falbaniastego	falbaniasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falbaniastego	falbaniasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbaniastej	falbaniasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falbaniastej	falbaniasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falbaniastej	falbaniasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falbaniastemu	falbaniasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbaniasto	falbaniasty	adja		
falbaniastych	falbaniasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falbaniastych	falbaniasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniastych	falbaniasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniasty	falbaniasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falbaniasty	falbaniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falbaniastym	falbaniasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniastym	falbaniasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbaniastym	falbaniasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbaniastymi	falbaniasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbaniaści	falbaniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falbance	falbanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbance	falbanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanek	falbanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankach	falbanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanka	falbanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankami	falbanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanką	falbanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankę	falbanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanki	falbanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanki	falbanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanki	falbanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanki	falbanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbanko	falbanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankom	falbanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowościach	falbankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowościami	falbankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowością	falbankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowości	falbankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowościom	falbankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowość	falbankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowość	falbankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falbankowa	falbankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falbankową	falbankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falbankową	falbankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falbankowe	falbankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falbankowe	falbankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falbankowe	falbankowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falbankowe	falbankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falbankowego	falbankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falbankowego	falbankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbankowej	falbankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falbankowej	falbankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falbankowej	falbankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falbankowemu	falbankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbankowi	falbankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falbankowo	falbankowy	adja		
falbankowych	falbankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falbankowych	falbankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbankowych	falbankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbankowy	falbankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falbankowy	falbankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falbankowym	falbankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbankowym	falbankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbankowym	falbankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falbankowymi	falbankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falbonce	falbonka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonce	falbonka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonek	falbonka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonkach	falbonka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonka	falbonka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonkami	falbonka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonką	falbonka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonkę	falbonka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonki	falbonka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonki	falbonka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonki	falbonka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonki	falbonka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonko	falbonka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falbonkom	falbonka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falcach	falc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falca	falc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcami	falc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falce	falc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falce	falc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falce	falc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcem	falc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falc	falc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falc	falc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcom	falc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcowi	falc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falców	falc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcu	falc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcu	falc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falcować	falcować	inf:imperf		
falcowaliby	falcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falcowalibyście	falcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falcowalibyśmy	falcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falcowali	falcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falcowali	falcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falcowaliście	falcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falcowaliśmy	falcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falcowałaby	falcować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falcowałabym	falcować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falcowałabyś	falcować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falcowała	falcować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falcowała	falcować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falcowałam	falcować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falcowałaś	falcować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falcowałby	falcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falcowałbym	falcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falcowałbyś	falcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falcowałem	falcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falcowałeś	falcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falcował	falcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falcował	falcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falcowałoby	falcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falcowałobym	falcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falcowałobyś	falcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falcowało	falcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falcowało	falcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falcowałom	falcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falcowałoś	falcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falcowałyby	falcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falcowałybyście	falcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falcowałybyśmy	falcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falcowały	falcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falcowały	falcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falcowałyście	falcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falcowałyśmy	falcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falcowana	falcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falcowaną	falcować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falcowane	falcować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcowane	falcować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcowanego	falcować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falcowanego	falcować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcowanej	falcować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falcowanemu	falcować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcowaniach	falcować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowania	falcować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowania	falcować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowaniami	falcować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowanie	falcować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowaniem	falcować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowani	falcować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falcowaniom	falcować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowaniu	falcować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falcowano	falcować	imps:imperf		
falcowanych	falcować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falcowanych	falcować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcowany	falcować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falcowany	falcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falcowanym	falcować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcowanym	falcować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcowanymi	falcować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcowań	falcować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falcująca	falcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falcującą	falcować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falcujące	falcować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcujące	falcować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcującego	falcować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falcującego	falcować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcującej	falcować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falcującemu	falcować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcując	falcować	pcon:imperf		
falcująco	falcować	pacta		
falcujących	falcować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falcujących	falcować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcujący	falcować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falcujący	falcować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falcujący	falcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falcującym	falcować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcującym	falcować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falcującymi	falcować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falcują	falcować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falcujcie	falcować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falcujecie	falcować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
falcuje	falcować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falcujemy	falcować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falcujesz	falcować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
falcuję	falcować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
falcuj	falcować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falcujmy	falcować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falcówce	falcówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówce	falcówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówek	falcówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówkach	falcówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówka	falcówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówkami	falcówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówką	falcówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówkę	falcówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówki	falcówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówki	falcówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówki	falcówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówki	falcówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówko	falcówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falcówkom	falcówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoriach	faldistorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoria	faldistorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoria	faldistorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoria	faldistorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoriami	faldistorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoriom	faldistorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistoriów	faldistorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faldistorium	faldistorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falecznościach	faleczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falecznościami	faleczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falecznością	faleczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczności	faleczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falecznościom	faleczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczność	faleczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczność	faleczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faleczna	faleczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
faleczną	faleczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
faleczną	faleczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
faleczne	faleczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
faleczne	faleczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
faleczne	faleczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
faleczne	faleczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
falecznego	faleczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
falecznego	faleczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falecznej	faleczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
falecznej	faleczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
falecznej	faleczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
falecznemu	faleczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
faleczni	faleczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
faleczno	faleczny	adja		daw.
falecznych	faleczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
falecznych	faleczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falecznych	faleczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
faleczny	faleczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
faleczny	faleczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
falecznym	faleczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falecznym	faleczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falecznym	faleczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falecznymi	faleczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falendyszach	falendysz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszami	falendysz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendysze	falendysz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendysze	falendysz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendysze	falendysz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszem	falendysz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendysz	falendysz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendysz	falendysz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszom	falendysz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszowi	falendysz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszów	falendysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszu	falendysz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszu	falendysz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszu	falendysz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszy	falendysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falendyszowościach	falendyszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowościami	falendyszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowością	falendyszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowości	falendyszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowościom	falendyszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowość	falendyszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowość	falendyszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falendyszowa	falendyszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falendyszową	falendyszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falendyszową	falendyszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falendyszowe	falendyszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falendyszowe	falendyszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falendyszowe	falendyszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowe	falendyszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowego	falendyszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falendyszowego	falendyszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowej	falendyszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falendyszowej	falendyszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falendyszowej	falendyszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falendyszowemu	falendyszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowi	falendyszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falendyszowo	falendyszowy	adja		
falendyszowych	falendyszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falendyszowych	falendyszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falendyszowych	falendyszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falendyszowy	falendyszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falendyszowy	falendyszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falendyszowym	falendyszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falendyszowym	falendyszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowym	falendyszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falendyszowymi	falendyszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faleniccy	falenicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falenicka	falenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falenicką	falenicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falenicką	falenicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falenickich	falenicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falenickich	falenicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falenickich	falenicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falenickie	falenicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falenickie	falenicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falenickie	falenicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falenickie	falenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falenickiego	falenicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falenickiego	falenicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falenickiej	falenicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falenickiej	falenicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falenickiej	falenicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falenickiemu	falenicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falenicki	falenicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falenicki	falenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falenickim	falenicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falenickim	falenicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falenickim	falenicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falenickimi	falenicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falenicko	falenicki	adja		
falenicku	falenicki	adjp		
falenicko	falenicko	adv:pos		
falenickościach	falenickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickościami	falenickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickością	falenickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickości	falenickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickościom	falenickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickość	falenickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falenickość	falenickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faleniach	faleń	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falenia	faleń	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniami	faleń	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falenie	faleń	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falenie	faleń	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falenie	faleń	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniem	faleń	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleni	faleń	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniom	faleń	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniowi	faleń	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniu	faleń	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleniu	faleń	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleń	faleń	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faleń	faleń	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernach	falern	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernami	falern	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernem	falern	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falern	falern	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falern	falern	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernie	falern	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernie	falern	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernom	falern	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernowi	falern	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernów	falern	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernu	falern	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falerny	falern	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falerny	falern	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falerny	falern	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falernach	falerno	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerna	falerno	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerna	falerno	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerna	falerno	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerna	falerno	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falernami	falerno	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falernem	falerno	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falern	falerno	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falernie	falerno	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerno	falerno	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerno	falerno	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falerno	falerno	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falernom	falerno	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falernu	falerno	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
falezach	faleza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faleza	faleza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezami	faleza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezą	faleza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezę	faleza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falez	faleza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezie	faleza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezie	faleza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezo	faleza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezom	faleza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezy	faleza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezy	faleza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezy	faleza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falezy	faleza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falisto	falisto	adv:pos		
falistościach	falistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistościami	falistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistością	falistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistości	falistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistościom	falistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistość	falistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falistość	falistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falista	falisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falistą	falisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falistą	falisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faliste	falisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faliste	falisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faliste	falisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faliste	falisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falistego	falisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falistego	falisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falistej	falisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falistej	falisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falistej	falisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falistemu	falisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falisto	falisty	adja		
falistych	falisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falistych	falisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falistych	falisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falisty	falisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falisty	falisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falistym	falisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falistym	falisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falistym	falisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falistymi	falisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faliści	falisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faliście	faliście	adv:pos		
falce	falka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falce	falka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falek	falka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falkach	falka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falka	falka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falkami	falka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falką	falka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falkę	falka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falki	falka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falki	falka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falki	falka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falki	falka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falko	falka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falkom	falka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzcy	falklandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falklandzka	falklandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falklandzką	falklandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falklandzką	falklandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falklandzkich	falklandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falklandzkich	falklandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzkich	falklandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzkie	falklandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzkie	falklandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzkie	falklandzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falklandzkie	falklandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falklandzkiego	falklandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falklandzkiego	falklandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falklandzkiej	falklandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falklandzkiej	falklandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falklandzkiej	falklandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falklandzkiemu	falklandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falklandzki	falklandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falklandzki	falklandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falklandzkim	falklandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzkim	falklandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falklandzkim	falklandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falklandzkimi	falklandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falklandzko	falklandzki	adja		
falklandzku	falklandzki	adjp		
falklandzko	falklandzko	adv:pos		
falklandzkościach	falklandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkościami	falklandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkością	falklandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkości	falklandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkościom	falklandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkość	falklandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falklandzkość	falklandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falkonach	falkon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonami	falkon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonem	falkon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkon	falkon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkon	falkon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonie	falkon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonie	falkon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonom	falkon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonowi	falkon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonów	falkon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonu	falkon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkony	falkon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkony	falkon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkony	falkon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecikach	falkonecik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecikami	falkonecik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecik	falkonecik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecik	falkonecik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecikiem	falkonecik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciki	falkonecik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciki	falkonecik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciki	falkonecik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecikom	falkonecik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecikowi	falkonecik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecików	falkonecik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciku	falkonecik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciku	falkonecik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkoneciku	falkonecik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecie	falkonet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonecie	falkonet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetach	falkonet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetami	falkonet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetem	falkonet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonet	falkonet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonet	falkonet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetom	falkonet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetowi	falkonet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetów	falkonet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonetu	falkonet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonety	falkonet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonety	falkonet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falkonety	falkonet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fallicznościach	falliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fallicznościami	falliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fallicznością	falliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczności	falliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fallicznościom	falliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczność	falliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczność	falliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falliczna	falliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falliczną	falliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falliczną	falliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falliczne	falliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falliczne	falliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falliczne	falliczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falliczne	falliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fallicznego	falliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fallicznego	falliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fallicznej	falliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fallicznej	falliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fallicznej	falliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fallicznemu	falliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falliczni	falliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falliczno	falliczny	adja		
fallicznych	falliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fallicznych	falliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fallicznych	falliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falliczny	falliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falliczny	falliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fallicznym	falliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fallicznym	falliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fallicznym	falliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fallicznymi	falliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fallusach	fallus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusach	fallus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusa	fallus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusa	fallus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusa	fallus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusami	fallus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusami	fallus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusem	fallus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusem	fallus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallus	fallus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallus	fallus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallus	fallus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusie	fallus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusie	fallus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusie	fallus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusie	fallus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusom	fallus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusom	fallus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusowi	fallus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusowi	fallus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusów	fallus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusów	fallus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fallusy	fallus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falnościach	falność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falnościami	falność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falnością	falność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falności	falność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falnościom	falność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falność	falność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falność	falność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
falna	falny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
falną	falny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
falną	falny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
falne	falny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falne	falny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falne	falny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
falne	falny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
falnego	falny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
falnego	falny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falnej	falny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
falnej	falny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
falnej	falny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
falnemu	falny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falni	falny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
falno	falny	adja		daw.
falnych	falny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
falnych	falny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falnych	falny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falny	falny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
falny	falny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
falnym	falny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falnym	falny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falnym	falny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
falnymi	falny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
falochronach	falochron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronami	falochron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronem	falochron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochron	falochron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochron	falochron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronie	falochron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronie	falochron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronom	falochron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronowi	falochron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronów	falochron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochronu	falochron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochrony	falochron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochrony	falochron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falochrony	falochron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falołomnościach	falołomność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomnościami	falołomność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomnością	falołomność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomności	falołomność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomnościom	falołomność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomność	falołomność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomność	falołomność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falołomna	falołomny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falołomną	falołomny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falołomną	falołomny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falołomne	falołomny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falołomne	falołomny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falołomne	falołomny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falołomne	falołomny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falołomnego	falołomny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falołomnego	falołomny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falołomnej	falołomny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falołomnej	falołomny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falołomnej	falołomny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falołomnemu	falołomny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falołomni	falołomny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falołomno	falołomny	adja		
falołomnych	falołomny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falołomnych	falołomny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falołomnych	falołomny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falołomny	falołomny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falołomny	falołomny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falołomnym	falołomny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falołomnym	falołomny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falołomnym	falołomny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falołomnymi	falołomny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falomierzach	falomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzach	falomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierza	falomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierza	falomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzami	falomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzami	falomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierze	falomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzem	falomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzem	falomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierz	falomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierz	falomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierz	falomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierz	falomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzom	falomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzom	falomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzowi	falomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzowi	falomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzów	falomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzu	falomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzu	falomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzu	falomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falomierzu	falomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
falomierzy	falomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falować	falować	inf:imperf		
falowaliby	falować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falowalibyście	falować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falowalibyśmy	falować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falowali	falować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falowali	falować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falowaliście	falować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falowaliśmy	falować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falowałaby	falować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falowałabym	falować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falowałabyś	falować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falowała	falować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falowała	falować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falowałam	falować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falowałaś	falować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falowałby	falować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falowałbym	falować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falowałbyś	falować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falowałem	falować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falowałeś	falować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falował	falować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falował	falować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falowałoby	falować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falowałobym	falować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falowałobyś	falować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falowało	falować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falowało	falować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falowałom	falować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falowałoś	falować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falowałyby	falować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falowałybyście	falować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falowałybyśmy	falować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falowały	falować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falowały	falować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falowałyście	falować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falowałyśmy	falować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falowana	falować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falowaną	falować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falowane	falować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falowane	falować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falowanego	falować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falowanego	falować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falowanej	falować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falowanemu	falować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falowaniach	falować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falowania	falować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falowania	falować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falowaniami	falować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falowanie	falować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falowaniem	falować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falowani	falować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falowaniom	falować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falowaniu	falować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falowano	falować	imps:imperf		
falowanych	falować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falowanych	falować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falowany	falować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falowany	falować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falowanym	falować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falowanym	falować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falowanymi	falować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falowań	falować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falująca	falować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falującą	falować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falujące	falować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falujące	falować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falującego	falować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falującego	falować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falującej	falować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falującemu	falować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falując	falować	pcon:imperf		
falująco	falować	pacta		
falujących	falować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falujących	falować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falujący	falować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falujący	falować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falujący	falować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falującym	falować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falującym	falować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falującymi	falować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falują	falować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falujcie	falować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falujecie	falować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faluje	falować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falujemy	falować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falujesz	falować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faluję	falować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faluj	falować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falujmy	falować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falowarce	falowarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarce	falowarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarek	falowarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarkach	falowarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarka	falowarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarkami	falowarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarką	falowarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarkę	falowarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarki	falowarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarki	falowarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarki	falowarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarki	falowarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarko	falowarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowarkom	falowarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowato	falowato	adv:pos		
falowatościach	falowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatościami	falowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatością	falowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatości	falowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatościom	falowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatość	falowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowatość	falowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowaci	falowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falowata	falowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falowatą	falowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falowatą	falowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falowate	falowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowate	falowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowate	falowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falowate	falowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falowatego	falowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falowatego	falowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowatej	falowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falowatej	falowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falowatej	falowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falowatemu	falowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowato	falowaty	adja		
falowatych	falowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falowatych	falowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowatych	falowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowaty	falowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falowaty	falowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falowatym	falowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowatym	falowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowatym	falowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowatymi	falowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowcach	falowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcach	falowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowca	falowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowca	falowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowca	falowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcami	falowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcami	falowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowce	falowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcem	falowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcem	falowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcom	falowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcom	falowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcowi	falowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcowi	falowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowców	falowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowców	falowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcu	falowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcu	falowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowcu	falowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowcu	falowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowiec	falowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowiec	falowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
falowiec	falowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownicach	falownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownica	falownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicami	falownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicą	falownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownice	falownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownice	falownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownice	falownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicę	falownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownic	falownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownico	falownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicom	falownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicy	falownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicy	falownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownicy	falownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falownikach	falownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownika	falownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownikami	falownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownik	falownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownik	falownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownikiem	falownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowniki	falownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowniki	falownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowniki	falownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownikom	falownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falownikowi	falownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowników	falownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowniku	falownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowniku	falownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowo	falowo	adv:pos		
falowodowościach	falowodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowościami	falowodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowością	falowodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowości	falowodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowościom	falowodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowość	falowodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowość	falowodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowa	falowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falowodową	falowodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falowodową	falowodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falowodowe	falowodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowodowe	falowodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowodowe	falowodowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falowodowe	falowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falowodowego	falowodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falowodowego	falowodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowodowej	falowodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falowodowej	falowodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falowodowej	falowodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falowodowemu	falowodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowodowi	falowodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falowodowo	falowodowy	adja		
falowodowych	falowodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falowodowych	falowodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowodowych	falowodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowodowy	falowodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falowodowy	falowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falowodowym	falowodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowodowym	falowodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowodowym	falowodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowodowymi	falowodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowościach	falowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowościami	falowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowością	falowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowości	falowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowościom	falowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowość	falowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowość	falowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falowodach	falowód	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodami	falowód	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodem	falowód	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodom	falowód	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodowi	falowód	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodów	falowód	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodu	falowód	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowody	falowód	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowody	falowód	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowody	falowód	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodzie	falowód	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowodzie	falowód	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowód	falowód	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowód	falowód	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falowa	falowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falową	falowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falową	falowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falowe	falowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowe	falowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falowe	falowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falowe	falowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falowego	falowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falowego	falowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowej	falowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falowej	falowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falowej	falowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falowemu	falowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowi	falowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falowo	falowy	adja		
falowych	falowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falowych	falowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowych	falowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowy	falowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falowy	falowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falowym	falowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falowym	falowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowym	falowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falowymi	falowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falrepach	falrep	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepami	falrep	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepem	falrep	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrep	falrep	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrep	falrep	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepie	falrep	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepie	falrep	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepom	falrep	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepowi	falrep	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepów	falrep	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepu	falrep	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepy	falrep	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepy	falrep	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falrepy	falrep	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsburcie	falsburta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburcie	falsburta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburtach	falsburta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburta	falsburta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburtami	falsburta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburtą	falsburta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburtę	falsburta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburt	falsburta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburto	falsburta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburtom	falsburta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburty	falsburta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburty	falsburta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburty	falsburta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsburty	falsburta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsecikach	falsecik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecika	falsecik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecikami	falsecik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecik	falsecik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecik	falsecik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecikiem	falsecik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciki	falsecik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciki	falsecik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciki	falsecik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecikom	falsecik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecikowi	falsecik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecików	falsecik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciku	falsecik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciku	falsecik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falseciku	falsecik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistach	falsecista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecista	falsecista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistami	falsecista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistą	falsecista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistę	falsecista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecisto	falsecista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistom	falsecista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistów	falsecista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecistów	falsecista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecisty	falsecista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falsecisty	falsecista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falsecisty	falsecista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falseciście	falsecista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falseciście	falsecista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falseciści	falsecista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falseciści	falsecista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsecie	falset	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsecie	falset	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetach	falset	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetami	falset	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetem	falset	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falset	falset	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falset	falset	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetom	falset	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetowi	falset	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetów	falset	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetu	falset	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsety	falset	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsety	falset	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsety	falset	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.
falsetować	falsetować	inf:imperf		
falsetowaliby	falsetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falsetowalibyście	falsetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falsetowalibyśmy	falsetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falsetowali	falsetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falsetowali	falsetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falsetowaliście	falsetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falsetowaliśmy	falsetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falsetowałaby	falsetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falsetowałabym	falsetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falsetowałabyś	falsetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falsetowała	falsetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falsetowała	falsetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falsetowałam	falsetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falsetowałaś	falsetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falsetowałby	falsetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falsetowałbym	falsetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falsetowałbyś	falsetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falsetowałem	falsetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falsetowałeś	falsetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falsetował	falsetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falsetował	falsetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falsetowałoby	falsetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falsetowałobym	falsetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falsetowałobyś	falsetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falsetowało	falsetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falsetowało	falsetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falsetowałom	falsetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falsetowałoś	falsetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falsetowałyby	falsetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falsetowałybyście	falsetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falsetowałybyśmy	falsetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falsetowały	falsetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falsetowały	falsetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falsetowałyście	falsetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falsetowałyśmy	falsetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falsetowaniach	falsetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowania	falsetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowania	falsetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowaniami	falsetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowanie	falsetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowaniem	falsetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowaniom	falsetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowaniu	falsetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetowano	falsetować	imps:imperf		
falsetowań	falsetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falsetująca	falsetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falsetującą	falsetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falsetujące	falsetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsetujące	falsetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsetującego	falsetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falsetującego	falsetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsetującej	falsetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falsetującemu	falsetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsetując	falsetować	pcon:imperf		
falsetująco	falsetować	pacta		
falsetujących	falsetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsetujących	falsetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsetujący	falsetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsetujący	falsetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falsetujący	falsetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falsetującym	falsetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsetującym	falsetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsetującymi	falsetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsetują	falsetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falsetujcie	falsetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falsetujecie	falsetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
falsetuje	falsetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falsetujemy	falsetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falsetujesz	falsetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
falsetuję	falsetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
falsetuj	falsetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falsetujmy	falsetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falsetowościach	falsetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowościami	falsetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowością	falsetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowości	falsetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowościom	falsetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowość	falsetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowość	falsetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsetowa	falsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falsetową	falsetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falsetową	falsetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falsetowe	falsetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falsetowe	falsetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falsetowe	falsetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falsetowe	falsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falsetowego	falsetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falsetowego	falsetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsetowej	falsetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falsetowej	falsetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falsetowej	falsetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falsetowemu	falsetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsetowi	falsetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falsetowo	falsetowy	adja		
falsetowych	falsetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falsetowych	falsetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsetowych	falsetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsetowy	falsetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falsetowy	falsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falsetowym	falsetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsetowym	falsetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsetowym	falsetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsetowymi	falsetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falstarcie	falstart	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstarcie	falstart	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartach	falstart	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartami	falstart	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartem	falstart	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstart	falstart	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstart	falstart	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartom	falstart	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartowi	falstart	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartów	falstart	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartu	falstart	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstarty	falstart	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstarty	falstart	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstarty	falstart	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
falstartować	falstartować	inf:imperf		
falstartowaliby	falstartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falstartowalibyście	falstartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falstartowalibyśmy	falstartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falstartowali	falstartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falstartowali	falstartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falstartowaliście	falstartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falstartowaliśmy	falstartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falstartowałaby	falstartować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falstartowałabym	falstartować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falstartowałabyś	falstartować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falstartowała	falstartować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falstartowała	falstartować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falstartowałam	falstartować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falstartowałaś	falstartować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falstartowałby	falstartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falstartowałbym	falstartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falstartowałbyś	falstartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falstartowałem	falstartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falstartowałeś	falstartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falstartował	falstartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falstartował	falstartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falstartowałoby	falstartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falstartowałobym	falstartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falstartowałobyś	falstartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falstartowało	falstartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falstartowało	falstartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falstartowałom	falstartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falstartowałoś	falstartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falstartowałyby	falstartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falstartowałybyście	falstartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falstartowałybyśmy	falstartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falstartowały	falstartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falstartowały	falstartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falstartowałyście	falstartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falstartowałyśmy	falstartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falstartowaniach	falstartować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowania	falstartować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowania	falstartować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowaniami	falstartować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowanie	falstartować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowaniem	falstartować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowaniom	falstartować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowaniu	falstartować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartowano	falstartować	imps:imperf		
falstartowań	falstartować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falstartująca	falstartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falstartującą	falstartować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falstartujące	falstartować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falstartujące	falstartować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falstartującego	falstartować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falstartującego	falstartować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falstartującej	falstartować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falstartującemu	falstartować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falstartując	falstartować	pcon:imperf		
falstartująco	falstartować	pacta		
falstartujących	falstartować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falstartujących	falstartować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falstartujący	falstartować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falstartujący	falstartować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falstartujący	falstartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falstartującym	falstartować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falstartującym	falstartować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falstartującymi	falstartować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falstartują	falstartować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falstartujcie	falstartować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falstartujecie	falstartować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
falstartuje	falstartować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falstartujemy	falstartować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falstartujesz	falstartować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
falstartuję	falstartować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
falstartuj	falstartować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falstartujmy	falstartować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falsyfikacjach	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacja	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacjami	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacją	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacje	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacje	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacje	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikację	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacji	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
falsyfikacji	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacji	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacji	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacjo	falsyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacjom	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacyj	falsyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
falsyfikacie	falsyfikat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikacie	falsyfikat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatach	falsyfikat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatami	falsyfikat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatem	falsyfikat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikat	falsyfikat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikat	falsyfikat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatom	falsyfikat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatowi	falsyfikat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatów	falsyfikat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatu	falsyfikat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikaty	falsyfikat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikaty	falsyfikat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikaty	falsyfikat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorach	falsyfikator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatora	falsyfikator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatora	falsyfikator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorami	falsyfikator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorem	falsyfikator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikator	falsyfikator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorom	falsyfikator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorowi	falsyfikator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorów	falsyfikator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorów	falsyfikator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatory	falsyfikator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatory	falsyfikator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorze	falsyfikator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorze	falsyfikator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorzy	falsyfikator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikatorzy	falsyfikator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikować	falsyfikować	inf:imperf		
falsyfikowaliby	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowalibyście	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowalibyśmy	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowali	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
falsyfikowali	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowaliście	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowaliśmy	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałaby	falsyfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałabym	falsyfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałabyś	falsyfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowała	falsyfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
falsyfikowała	falsyfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałam	falsyfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałaś	falsyfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowałby	falsyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałbym	falsyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałbyś	falsyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowałem	falsyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałeś	falsyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
falsyfikował	falsyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
falsyfikował	falsyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałoby	falsyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałobym	falsyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałobyś	falsyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowało	falsyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
falsyfikowało	falsyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałom	falsyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowałoś	falsyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowałyby	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałybyście	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowałybyśmy	falsyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowały	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
falsyfikowały	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
falsyfikowałyście	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
falsyfikowałyśmy	falsyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowana	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaną	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowane	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowane	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanego	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanego	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanej	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanemu	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaniach	falsyfikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowania	falsyfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowania	falsyfikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaniami	falsyfikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanie	falsyfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaniem	falsyfikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowani	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaniom	falsyfikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowaniu	falsyfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowano	falsyfikować	imps:imperf		
falsyfikowanych	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanych	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowany	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowany	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanym	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanym	falsyfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowanymi	falsyfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikowań	falsyfikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikująca	falsyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującą	falsyfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujące	falsyfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujące	falsyfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującego	falsyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującego	falsyfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującej	falsyfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującemu	falsyfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikując	falsyfikować	pcon:imperf		
falsyfikująco	falsyfikować	pacta		
falsyfikujących	falsyfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujących	falsyfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujący	falsyfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujący	falsyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikujący	falsyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującym	falsyfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującym	falsyfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
falsyfikującymi	falsyfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
falsyfikują	falsyfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
falsyfikujcie	falsyfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
falsyfikujecie	falsyfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
falsyfikuje	falsyfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
falsyfikujemy	falsyfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
falsyfikujesz	falsyfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
falsyfikuję	falsyfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
falsyfikuj	falsyfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
falsyfikujmy	falsyfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
falsyfikowalnościach	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalnościami	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalnością	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalności	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalnościom	falsyfikowalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalność	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalność	falsyfikowalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falsyfikowalna	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falsyfikowalną	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falsyfikowalną	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falsyfikowalne	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falsyfikowalne	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falsyfikowalne	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalne	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalnego	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falsyfikowalnego	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalnej	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falsyfikowalnej	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falsyfikowalnej	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falsyfikowalnemu	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalni	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falsyfikowalno	falsyfikowalny	adja		
falsyfikowalnych	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falsyfikowalnych	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsyfikowalnych	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsyfikowalny	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falsyfikowalny	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falsyfikowalnym	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falsyfikowalnym	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalnym	falsyfikowalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falsyfikowalnymi	falsyfikowalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falszburcie	falszburta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburcie	falszburta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburtach	falszburta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburta	falszburta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburtami	falszburta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburtą	falszburta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburtę	falszburta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburt	falszburta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburto	falszburta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburtom	falszburta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburty	falszburta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburty	falszburta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburty	falszburta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszburty	falszburta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilach	falszkil	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilami	falszkil	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkile	falszkil	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkile	falszkil	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkile	falszkil	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilem	falszkil	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkil	falszkil	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkil	falszkil	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkili	falszkil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilom	falszkil	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilowi	falszkil	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilów	falszkil	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilu	falszkil	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilu	falszkil	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falszkilu	falszkil	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
falująco	falująco	adv:pos		
falującościach	falującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującościami	falującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującością	falującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującości	falującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującościom	falującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującość	falującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
falującość	falującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
falująca	falujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
falującą	falujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
falującą	falujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
falujące	falujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falujące	falujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
falujące	falujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
falujące	falujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
falującego	falujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
falującego	falujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falującej	falujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
falującej	falujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
falującej	falujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
falującemu	falujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falująco	falujący	adja		
falujących	falujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
falujących	falujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falujących	falujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falujący	falujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
falujący	falujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
falujący	falujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
falującym	falujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
falującym	falujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falującym	falujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
falującymi	falujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fale	fał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fale	fał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałach	fał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałami	fał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałem	fał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fał	fał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fał	fał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałom	fał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałowi	fał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałów	fał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fału	fał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fały	fał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fały	fał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fały	fał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fałacie	fałat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałacie	fałat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatach	fałat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałata	fałat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatami	fałat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatem	fałat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałat	fałat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałat	fałat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatom	fałat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatowi	fałat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatów	fałat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatu	fałat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałaty	fałat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałaty	fałat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałaty	fałat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatek	fałatek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatek	fałatek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatkach	fałatek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatka	fałatek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatkami	fałatek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatkiem	fałatek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatki	fałatek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatki	fałatek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatki	fałatek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatkom	fałatek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatkowi	fałatek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatków	fałatek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatku	fałatek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałatku	fałatek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fałdach	fałd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdami	fałd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdem	fałd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałd	fałd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałd	fałd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdom	fałd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowi	fałd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdów	fałd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdu	fałd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzie	fałd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzie	fałd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdach	fałda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałda	fałda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdami	fałda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdą	fałda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdę	fałda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałd	fałda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdo	fałda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdom	fałda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdy	fałda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzie	fałda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzie	fałda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczce	fałdeczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczce	fałdeczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczek	fałdeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczkach	fałdeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczka	fałdeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczkami	fałdeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczką	fałdeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczkę	fałdeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczki	fałdeczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczki	fałdeczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczki	fałdeczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczki	fałdeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczko	fałdeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdeczkom	fałdeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdek	fałdek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdek	fałdek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkach	fałdek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdka	fałdek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkami	fałdek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkiem	fałdek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkom	fałdek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkowi	fałdek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdków	fałdek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdku	fałdek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdku	fałdek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdce	fałdka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdce	fałdka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdek	fałdka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkach	fałdka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdka	fałdka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkami	fałdka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdką	fałdka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkę	fałdka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdki	fałdka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdko	fałdka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdkom	fałdka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdować	fałdować	inf:imperf		
fałdowaliby	fałdować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałdowalibyście	fałdować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałdowalibyśmy	fałdować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałdowali	fałdować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fałdowali	fałdować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałdowaliście	fałdować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałdowaliśmy	fałdować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałdowałaby	fałdować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałdowałabym	fałdować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałdowałabyś	fałdować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałdowała	fałdować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fałdowała	fałdować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałdowałam	fałdować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałdowałaś	fałdować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałdowałby	fałdować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałdowałbym	fałdować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałdowałbyś	fałdować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałdowałem	fałdować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałdowałeś	fałdować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałdował	fałdować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fałdował	fałdować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałdowałoby	fałdować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałdowałobym	fałdować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałdowałobyś	fałdować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałdowało	fałdować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fałdowało	fałdować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałdowałom	fałdować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałdowałoś	fałdować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałdowałyby	fałdować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałdowałybyście	fałdować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałdowałybyśmy	fałdować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałdowały	fałdować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fałdowały	fałdować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałdowałyście	fałdować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałdowałyśmy	fałdować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałdowana	fałdować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdowaną	fałdować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałdowane	fałdować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdowane	fałdować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowanego	fałdować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałdowanego	fałdować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowanej	fałdować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdowanemu	fałdować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowaniach	fałdować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowania	fałdować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowania	fałdować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowaniami	fałdować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowanie	fałdować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowaniem	fałdować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowani	fałdować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdowaniom	fałdować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowaniu	fałdować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowano	fałdować	imps:imperf		
fałdowanych	fałdować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdowanych	fałdować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdowany	fałdować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałdowany	fałdować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałdowanym	fałdować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdowanym	fałdować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdowanymi	fałdować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdowań	fałdować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdująca	fałdować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdującą	fałdować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałdujące	fałdować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdujące	fałdować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdującego	fałdować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałdującego	fałdować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdującej	fałdować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdującemu	fałdować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdując	fałdować	pcon:imperf		
fałdująco	fałdować	pacta		
fałdujących	fałdować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdujących	fałdować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdujący	fałdować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdujący	fałdować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałdujący	fałdować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałdującym	fałdować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdującym	fałdować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdującymi	fałdować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdują	fałdować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fałdujcie	fałdować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fałdujecie	fałdować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fałduje	fałdować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fałdujemy	fałdować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fałdujesz	fałdować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fałduję	fałdować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fałduj	fałdować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fałdujmy	fałdować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fałdowaniach	fałdowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowania	fałdowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowania	fałdowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowania	fałdowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowania	fałdowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowaniami	fałdowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowanie	fałdowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowanie	fałdowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowanie	fałdowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowaniem	fałdowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowaniom	fałdowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowaniu	fałdowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowaniu	fałdowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowań	fałdowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowościach	fałdowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowościami	fałdowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowością	fałdowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowości	fałdowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowościom	fałdowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowość	fałdowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowość	fałdowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdowa	fałdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fałdową	fałdowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fałdową	fałdowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fałdowe	fałdowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałdowe	fałdowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałdowe	fałdowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fałdowe	fałdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fałdowego	fałdowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fałdowego	fałdowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdowej	fałdowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fałdowej	fałdowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fałdowej	fałdowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fałdowemu	fałdowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdowi	fałdowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fałdowo	fałdowy	adja		
fałdowych	fałdowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fałdowych	fałdowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdowych	fałdowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdowy	fałdowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fałdowy	fałdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fałdowym	fałdowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdowym	fałdowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdowym	fałdowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdowymi	fałdowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdząca	fałdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzącą	fałdzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzące	fałdzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzące	fałdzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzącego	fałdzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałdzącego	fałdzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzącej	fałdzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzącemu	fałdzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdząc	fałdzić	pcon:imperf		
fałdząco	fałdzić	pacta		
fałdzących	fałdzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdzących	fałdzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzący	fałdzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdzący	fałdzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałdzący	fałdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałdzącym	fałdzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzącym	fałdzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzącymi	fałdzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzą	fałdzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fałdzeniach	fałdzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzenia	fałdzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzenia	fałdzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzeniami	fałdzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzenie	fałdzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzeniem	fałdzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzeni	fałdzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdzeniom	fałdzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzeniu	fałdzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzeń	fałdzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzę	fałdzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fałdzicie	fałdzić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fałdzić	fałdzić	inf:imperf		
fałdzi	fałdzić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fałdziliby	fałdzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałdzilibyście	fałdzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałdzilibyśmy	fałdzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałdzili	fałdzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fałdzili	fałdzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałdziliście	fałdzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałdziliśmy	fałdzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałdziłaby	fałdzić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałdziłabym	fałdzić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałdziłabyś	fałdzić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałdziła	fałdzić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fałdziła	fałdzić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałdziłam	fałdzić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałdziłaś	fałdzić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałdziłby	fałdzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałdziłbym	fałdzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałdziłbyś	fałdzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałdziłem	fałdzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałdziłeś	fałdzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałdził	fałdzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fałdził	fałdzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałdziłoby	fałdzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałdziłobym	fałdzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałdziłobyś	fałdzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałdziło	fałdzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fałdziło	fałdzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałdziłom	fałdzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałdziłoś	fałdzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałdziłyby	fałdzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałdziłybyście	fałdzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałdziłybyśmy	fałdzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałdziły	fałdzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fałdziły	fałdzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałdziłyście	fałdzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałdziłyśmy	fałdzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałdzimy	fałdzić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fałdzisz	fałdzić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fałdzona	fałdzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzoną	fałdzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzone	fałdzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzone	fałdzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzonego	fałdzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałdzonego	fałdzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzonej	fałdzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałdzonemu	fałdzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzono	fałdzić	imps:imperf		
fałdzonych	fałdzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałdzonych	fałdzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzony	fałdzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałdzony	fałdzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałdzonym	fałdzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdzonym	fałdzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałdzonymi	fałdzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałdźcie	fałdzić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fałdź	fałdzić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fałdźmy	fałdzić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fałdzikach	fałdzik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzika	fałdzik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzikami	fałdzik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzik	fałdzik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzik	fałdzik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzikiem	fałdzik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziki	fałdzik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziki	fałdzik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziki	fałdzik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzikom	fałdzik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzikowi	fałdzik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzików	fałdzik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziku	fałdzik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziku	fałdzik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdziku	fałdzik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistce	fałdzistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistce	fałdzistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistek	fałdzistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistkach	fałdzistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistka	fałdzistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistkami	fałdzistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistką	fałdzistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistkę	fałdzistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistki	fałdzistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistki	fałdzistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistki	fałdzistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistki	fałdzistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistko	fałdzistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistkom	fałdzistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzisto	fałdzisto	adv:pos		
fałdzistościach	fałdzistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistościami	fałdzistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistością	fałdzistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistości	fałdzistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistościom	fałdzistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistość	fałdzistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzistość	fałdzistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałdzista	fałdzisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fałdzistą	fałdzisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fałdzistą	fałdzisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fałdziste	fałdzisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałdziste	fałdzisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałdziste	fałdzisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fałdziste	fałdzisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fałdzistego	fałdzisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fałdzistego	fałdzisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdzistej	fałdzisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fałdzistej	fałdzisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fałdzistej	fałdzisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fałdzistemu	fałdzisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdzisto	fałdzisty	adja		
fałdzistych	fałdzisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fałdzistych	fałdzisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdzistych	fałdzisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdzisty	fałdzisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fałdzisty	fałdzisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fałdzistym	fałdzisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdzistym	fałdzisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdzistym	fałdzisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałdzistymi	fałdzisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałdziści	fałdzisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fałdziście	fałdziście	adv:pos		
fałesznościach	fałeszność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałesznościami	fałeszność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałesznością	fałeszność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszności	fałeszność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałesznościom	fałeszność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszność	fałeszność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszność	fałeszność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fałeszna	fałeszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fałeszną	fałeszny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fałeszną	fałeszny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fałeszne	fałeszny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałeszne	fałeszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałeszne	fałeszny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałeszne	fałeszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałesznego	fałeszny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fałesznego	fałeszny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałesznej	fałeszny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fałesznej	fałeszny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fałesznej	fałeszny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fałesznemu	fałeszny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałeszni	fałeszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fałeszno	fałeszny	adja		daw.
fałesznych	fałeszny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fałesznych	fałeszny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałesznych	fałeszny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałeszny	fałeszny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fałeszny	fałeszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fałesznym	fałeszny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałesznym	fałeszny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałesznym	fałeszny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fałesznymi	fałeszny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fałkowscy	fałkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fałkowska	fałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fałkowską	fałkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fałkowską	fałkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fałkowskich	fałkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fałkowskich	fałkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowskich	fałkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowskie	fałkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowskie	fałkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowskie	fałkowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fałkowskie	fałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fałkowskiego	fałkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fałkowskiego	fałkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałkowskiej	fałkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fałkowskiej	fałkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fałkowskiej	fałkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fałkowskiemu	fałkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałkowski	fałkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fałkowski	fałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fałkowskim	fałkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowskim	fałkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałkowskim	fałkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałkowskimi	fałkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałkowsko	fałkowski	adja		
fałkowsku	fałkowski	adjp		
fałkowsko	fałkowsko	adv:pos		
fałkowskościach	fałkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskościami	fałkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskością	fałkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskości	fałkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskościom	fałkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskość	fałkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałkowskość	fałkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszach	fałsz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszami	fałsz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałsze	fałsz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałsze	fałsz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałsze	fałsz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszem	fałsz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałsz	fałsz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałsz	fałsz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszom	fałsz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszowi	fałsz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszów	fałsz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszu	fałsz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszu	fałsz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszu	fałsz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerce	fałszerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerce	fałszerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerek	fałszerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerkach	fałszerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerka	fałszerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerkami	fałszerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerką	fałszerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerkę	fałszerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerki	fałszerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerki	fałszerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerki	fałszerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerki	fałszerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerko	fałszerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerkom	fałszerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerscy	fałszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fałszerska	fałszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fałszerską	fałszerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fałszerską	fałszerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fałszerskich	fałszerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fałszerskich	fałszerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszerskich	fałszerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszerskie	fałszerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałszerskie	fałszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałszerskie	fałszerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fałszerskie	fałszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fałszerskiego	fałszerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fałszerskiego	fałszerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszerskiej	fałszerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fałszerskiej	fałszerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fałszerskiej	fałszerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fałszerskiemu	fałszerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszerski	fałszerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fałszerski	fałszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fałszerskim	fałszerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszerskim	fałszerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszerskim	fałszerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszerskimi	fałszerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszersko	fałszerski	adja		
fałszersku	fałszerski	adjp		
fałszersko	fałszersko	adv:pos		
fałszerskościach	fałszerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskościami	fałszerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskością	fałszerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskości	fałszerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskościom	fałszerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskość	fałszerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerskość	fałszerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwach	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwa	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwa	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwa	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwa	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwami	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwem	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstw	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwie	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwo	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwo	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwo	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwom	fałszerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerstwu	fałszerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzach	fałszerz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzach	fałszerz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerza	fałszerz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerza	fałszerz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerza	fałszerz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerza	fałszerz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzami	fałszerz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzami	fałszerz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerze	fałszerz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerze	fałszerz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerze	fałszerz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerze	fałszerz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerze	fałszerz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerze	fałszerz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerze	fałszerz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerze	fałszerz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzem	fałszerz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzem	fałszerz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerz	fałszerz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerz	fałszerz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzom	fałszerz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzom	fałszerz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzowi	fałszerz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzowi	fałszerz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzów	fałszerz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzów	fałszerz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzu	fałszerz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzu	fałszerz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzu	fałszerz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzu	fałszerz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fałszerzy	fałszerz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszerzy	fałszerz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszować	fałszować	inf:imperf		
fałszowaliby	fałszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałszowalibyście	fałszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałszowalibyśmy	fałszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałszowali	fałszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fałszowali	fałszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fałszowaliście	fałszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fałszowaliśmy	fałszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fałszowałaby	fałszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałszowałabym	fałszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałszowałabyś	fałszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałszowała	fałszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fałszowała	fałszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fałszowałam	fałszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fałszowałaś	fałszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fałszowałby	fałszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałszowałbym	fałszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałszowałbyś	fałszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałszowałem	fałszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fałszowałeś	fałszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fałszował	fałszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fałszował	fałszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fałszowałoby	fałszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałszowałobym	fałszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałszowałobyś	fałszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałszowało	fałszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fałszowało	fałszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fałszowałom	fałszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fałszowałoś	fałszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fałszowałyby	fałszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałszowałybyście	fałszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałszowałybyśmy	fałszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałszowały	fałszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fałszowały	fałszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fałszowałyście	fałszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fałszowałyśmy	fałszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fałszowana	fałszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałszowaną	fałszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałszowane	fałszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszowane	fałszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowanego	fałszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałszowanego	fałszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowanej	fałszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałszowanemu	fałszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowaniach	fałszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowania	fałszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowania	fałszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowaniami	fałszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowanie	fałszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowaniem	fałszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowani	fałszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałszowaniom	fałszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowaniu	fałszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowano	fałszować	imps:imperf		
fałszowanych	fałszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałszowanych	fałszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszowany	fałszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałszowany	fałszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałszowanym	fałszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszowanym	fałszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszowanymi	fałszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszowań	fałszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fałszująca	fałszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fałszującą	fałszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fałszujące	fałszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszujące	fałszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszującego	fałszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fałszującego	fałszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszującej	fałszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fałszującemu	fałszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszując	fałszować	pcon:imperf		
fałszująco	fałszować	pacta		
fałszujących	fałszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałszujących	fałszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszujący	fałszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fałszujący	fałszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fałszujący	fałszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fałszującym	fałszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszującym	fałszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fałszującymi	fałszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fałszują	fałszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fałszujcie	fałszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fałszujecie	fałszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fałszuje	fałszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fałszujemy	fałszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fałszujesz	fałszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fałszuję	fałszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fałszuj	fałszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fałszujmy	fałszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fałszowniach	fałszownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownia	fałszownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowniami	fałszownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownią	fałszownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownie	fałszownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownie	fałszownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownie	fałszownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownię	fałszownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowni	fałszownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowni	fałszownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowni	fałszownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowni	fałszownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszownio	fałszownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszowniom	fałszownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fałszywie	fałszywie	adv:pos		
fałszywiej	fałszywie	adv:com		
fałszywcach	fałszywiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywca	fałszywiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywca	fałszywiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcami	fałszywiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywce	fałszywiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywce	fałszywiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcem	fałszywiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcom	fałszywiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcowi	fałszywiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywców	fałszywiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywców	fałszywiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcu	fałszywiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcu	fałszywiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcy	fałszywiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcy	fałszywiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywcze	fałszywiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywiec	fałszywiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywce	fałszywka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywce	fałszywka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywek	fałszywka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywkach	fałszywka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywka	fałszywka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywkami	fałszywka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywką	fałszywka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywkę	fałszywka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywki	fałszywka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywki	fałszywka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywki	fałszywka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywki	fałszywka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywko	fałszywka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywkom	fałszywka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościach	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościami	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywością	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościom	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywość	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywość	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościach	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościami	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywością	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywości	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywościom	fałszywość:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywość	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywość	fałszywość:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fałszywa	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fałszywą	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fałszywą	fałszywy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fałszywe	fałszywy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałszywe	fałszywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fałszywe	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fałszywe	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fałszywego	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fałszywego	fałszywy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszywej	fałszywy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fałszywej	fałszywy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fałszywej	fałszywy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fałszywemu	fałszywy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszywi	fałszywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fałszywo	fałszywy	adja		
fałszywsi	fałszywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
fałszywsza	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
fałszywszą	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
fałszywszą	fałszywy	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
fałszywsze	fałszywy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fałszywsze	fałszywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fałszywsze	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
fałszywsze	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
fałszywszego	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
fałszywszego	fałszywy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fałszywszej	fałszywy	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
fałszywszej	fałszywy	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
fałszywszej	fałszywy	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
fałszywszemu	fałszywy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fałszywszych	fałszywy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
fałszywszych	fałszywy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fałszywszych	fałszywy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fałszywszy	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
fałszywszy	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
fałszywszym	fałszywy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fałszywszym	fałszywy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fałszywszym	fałszywy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fałszywszymi	fałszywy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fałszywych	fałszywy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fałszywych	fałszywy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszywych	fałszywy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszywy	fałszywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fałszywy	fałszywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fałszywym	fałszywy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fałszywym	fałszywy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszywym	fałszywy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fałszywymi	fałszywy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
famach	fama	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fama	fama	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
famami	fama	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
famą	fama	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
famę	fama	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fam	fama	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
famie	fama	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
famie	fama	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famo	fama	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famom	fama	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
famy	fama	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famy	fama	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
famy	fama	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famy	fama	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiach	familia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familia	familia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familiami	familia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familią	familia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familie	familia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familie	familia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familie	familia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familię	familia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familii	familia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
familii	familia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familii	familia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familii	familia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familij	familia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
familio	familia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familiom	familia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
familiancie	familiant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiancie	familiant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianci	familiant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianci	familiant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantach	familiant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianta	familiant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianta	familiant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantami	familiant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantem	familiant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiant	familiant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantom	familiant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantowi	familiant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantów	familiant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantów	familiant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianty	familiant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familianty	familiant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantce	familiantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantce	familiantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantek	familiantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantkach	familiantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantka	familiantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantkami	familiantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantką	familiantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantkę	familiantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantki	familiantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantki	familiantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantki	familiantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantki	familiantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantko	familiantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiantkom	familiantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
familiarnie	familiarnie	adv:pos		
familiarnościach	familiarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarnościami	familiarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarnością	familiarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarności	familiarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarnościom	familiarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarność	familiarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarność	familiarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familiarna	familiarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
familiarną	familiarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
familiarną	familiarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
familiarne	familiarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
familiarne	familiarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
familiarne	familiarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
familiarne	familiarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
familiarnego	familiarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
familiarnego	familiarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familiarnej	familiarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
familiarnej	familiarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
familiarnej	familiarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
familiarnemu	familiarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familiarni	familiarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
familiarno	familiarny	adja		
familiarnych	familiarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
familiarnych	familiarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familiarnych	familiarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familiarny	familiarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
familiarny	familiarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
familiarnym	familiarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familiarnym	familiarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familiarnym	familiarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familiarnymi	familiarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familijce	familijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijce	familijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijek	familijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijkach	familijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijka	familijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijkami	familijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijką	familijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijkę	familijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijki	familijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijki	familijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijki	familijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijki	familijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijko	familijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijkom	familijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijnie	familijnie	adv:pos		
familijnościach	familijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijnościami	familijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijnością	familijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijności	familijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijnościom	familijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijność	familijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijność	familijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
familijna	familijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
familijną	familijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
familijną	familijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
familijne	familijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
familijne	familijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
familijne	familijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
familijne	familijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
familijnego	familijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
familijnego	familijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familijnej	familijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
familijnej	familijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
familijnej	familijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
familijnemu	familijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familijni	familijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
familijno	familijny	adja		
familijnych	familijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
familijnych	familijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familijnych	familijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familijny	familijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
familijny	familijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
familijnym	familijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familijnym	familijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familijnym	familijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
familijnymi	familijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
familokach	familok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoka	familok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familokami	familok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familok	familok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familok	familok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familokiem	familok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoki	familok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoki	familok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoki	familok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familokom	familok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familokowi	familok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoków	familok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoku	familok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
familoku	familok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	reg.
famulusach	famulus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusa	famulus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusa	famulus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusami	famulus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusem	famulus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulus	famulus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusie	famulus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusie	famulus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusi	famulus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusi	famulus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusom	famulus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusowi	famulus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusów	famulus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusów	famulus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
famulusy	famulus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
famulusy	famulus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
famule	famuła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
famule	famuła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famułach	famuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuła	famuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
famułami	famuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
famułą	famuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
famułę	famuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuł	famuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuło	famuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famułom	famuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuły	famuła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuły	famuła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuły	famuła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
famuły	famuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanach	fan	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fana	fan	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fana	fan	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanami	fan	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanem	fan	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fan	fan	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanie	fan	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanie	fan	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fani	fan	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fani	fan	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanom	fan	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanowi	fan	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanów	fan	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanów	fan	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fany	fan	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fany	fan	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanaberiach	fanaberia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberia	fanaberia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberiami	fanaberia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberią	fanaberia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberię	fanaberia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberii	fanaberia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fanaberii	fanaberia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberii	fanaberia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberii	fanaberia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberio	fanaberia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberiom	fanaberia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyj	fanaberia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fanaberiach	fanaberie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberiami	fanaberie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberie	fanaberie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberii	fanaberie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fanaberiom	fanaberie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyj	fanaberie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fanaberyjnie	fanaberyjnie	adv:pos		
fanaberyjnościach	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjnościami	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjnością	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjności	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjnościom	fanaberyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjność	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjność	fanaberyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanaberyjna	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fanaberyjną	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fanaberyjną	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fanaberyjne	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanaberyjne	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanaberyjne	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjne	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjnego	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fanaberyjnego	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjnej	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fanaberyjnej	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fanaberyjnej	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fanaberyjnemu	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjni	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fanaberyjno	fanaberyjny	adja		
fanaberyjnych	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fanaberyjnych	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanaberyjnych	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanaberyjny	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fanaberyjny	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fanaberyjnym	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanaberyjnym	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjnym	fanaberyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanaberyjnymi	fanaberyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanale	fanał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanale	fanał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałach	fanał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałami	fanał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałem	fanał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanał	fanał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanał	fanał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałom	fanał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałowi	fanał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanałów	fanał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanału	fanał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanały	fanał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanały	fanał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanały	fanał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyccy	fanatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fanatycka	fanatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fanatycką	fanatycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fanatycką	fanatycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fanatyckich	fanatycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fanatyckich	fanatycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatyckich	fanatycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatyckie	fanatycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatyckie	fanatycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatyckie	fanatycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatyckie	fanatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatyckiego	fanatycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fanatyckiego	fanatycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatyckiej	fanatycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fanatyckiej	fanatycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fanatyckiej	fanatycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fanatyckiemu	fanatycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatycki	fanatycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fanatycki	fanatycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fanatyckim	fanatycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatyckim	fanatycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatyckim	fanatycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fanatyckimi	fanatycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fanatycko	fanatycki	adja		daw.
fanatycku	fanatycki	adjp		daw.
fanatycko	fanatycko	adv:pos		
fanatyckościach	fanatyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckościami	fanatyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckością	fanatyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckości	fanatyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckościom	fanatyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckość	fanatyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyckość	fanatyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanatyczce	fanatyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczce	fanatyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczek	fanatyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczkach	fanatyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczka	fanatyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczkami	fanatyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczką	fanatyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczkę	fanatyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczki	fanatyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczki	fanatyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczki	fanatyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczki	fanatyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczko	fanatyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczkom	fanatyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatycznie	fanatycznie	adv:pos		
fanatyczniej	fanatycznie	adv:com		
fanatycznościach	fanatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatycznościami	fanatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatycznością	fanatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczności	fanatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatycznościom	fanatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczność	fanatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczność	fanatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyczna	fanatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fanatyczną	fanatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fanatyczną	fanatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fanatyczne	fanatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanatyczne	fanatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanatyczne	fanatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fanatyczne	fanatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fanatycznego	fanatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fanatycznego	fanatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanatycznej	fanatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fanatycznej	fanatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fanatycznej	fanatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fanatycznemu	fanatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanatyczni	fanatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fanatyczno	fanatyczny	adja		
fanatycznych	fanatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fanatycznych	fanatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanatycznych	fanatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanatyczny	fanatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fanatyczny	fanatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fanatycznym	fanatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanatycznym	fanatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanatycznym	fanatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanatycznymi	fanatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanatycy	fanatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatycy	fanatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatykach	fanatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyka	fanatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyka	fanatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatykami	fanatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyk	fanatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatykiem	fanatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyki	fanatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyki	fanatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanatykom	fanatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatykowi	fanatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyków	fanatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyków	fanatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyku	fanatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyku	fanatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmach	fanatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmami	fanatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmem	fanatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzm	fanatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzm	fanatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmie	fanatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmie	fanatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmom	fanatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmowi	fanatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmów	fanatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmu	fanatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmy	fanatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmy	fanatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzmy	fanatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanatyzować	fanatyzować	inf:imperf		
fanatyzowaliby	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowalibyście	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowalibyśmy	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowali	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fanatyzowali	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowaliście	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowaliśmy	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałaby	fanatyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałabym	fanatyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałabyś	fanatyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowała	fanatyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fanatyzowała	fanatyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałam	fanatyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałaś	fanatyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowałby	fanatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałbym	fanatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałbyś	fanatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowałem	fanatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałeś	fanatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanatyzował	fanatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fanatyzował	fanatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałoby	fanatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałobym	fanatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałobyś	fanatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowało	fanatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fanatyzowało	fanatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałom	fanatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowałoś	fanatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowałyby	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałybyście	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowałybyśmy	fanatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowały	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fanatyzowały	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanatyzowałyście	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanatyzowałyśmy	fanatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanatyzowana	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaną	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowane	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowane	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanego	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanego	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanej	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanemu	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaniach	fanatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowania	fanatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowania	fanatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaniami	fanatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanie	fanatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaniem	fanatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowani	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaniom	fanatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowaniu	fanatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowano	fanatyzować	imps:imperf		
fanatyzowanych	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanych	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowany	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowany	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanym	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanym	fanatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowanymi	fanatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzowań	fanatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzująca	fanatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującą	fanatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujące	fanatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujące	fanatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującego	fanatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującego	fanatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującej	fanatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującemu	fanatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzując	fanatyzować	pcon:imperf		
fanatyzująco	fanatyzować	pacta		
fanatyzujących	fanatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujących	fanatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujący	fanatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujący	fanatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzujący	fanatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującym	fanatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującym	fanatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanatyzującymi	fanatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanatyzują	fanatyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fanatyzujcie	fanatyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fanatyzujecie	fanatyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fanatyzuje	fanatyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fanatyzujemy	fanatyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fanatyzujesz	fanatyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fanatyzuję	fanatyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fanatyzuj	fanatyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fanatyzujmy	fanatyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fanciarce	fanciarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarce	fanciarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarek	fanciarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarkach	fanciarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarka	fanciarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarkami	fanciarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarką	fanciarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarkę	fanciarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarki	fanciarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarki	fanciarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarki	fanciarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarki	fanciarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarko	fanciarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarkom	fanciarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwach	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwa	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwa	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwa	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwa	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwami	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwem	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstw	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwie	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwo	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwo	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwo	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwom	fanciarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarstwu	fanciarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanciarzach	fanciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzach	fanciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarza	fanciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarza	fanciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarza	fanciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarza	fanciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzami	fanciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzami	fanciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarze	fanciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarze	fanciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarze	fanciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarze	fanciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarze	fanciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarze	fanciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarze	fanciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarze	fanciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzem	fanciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzem	fanciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarz	fanciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarz	fanciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzom	fanciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzom	fanciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzowi	fanciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzowi	fanciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzów	fanciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzów	fanciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzu	fanciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzu	fanciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzu	fanciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzu	fanciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fanciarzy	fanciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanciarzy	fanciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fandangach	fandango	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandanga	fandango	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandanga	fandango	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandanga	fandango	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandanga	fandango	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandangami	fandango	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandang	fandango	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandangiem	fandango	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandango	fandango	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandango	fandango	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandango	fandango	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandangom	fandango	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandangu	fandango	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fandangu	fandango	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
faneroficie	fanerofit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faneroficie	fanerofit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitach	fanerofit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitami	fanerofit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitem	fanerofit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofit	fanerofit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofit	fanerofit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitom	fanerofit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitowi	fanerofit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitów	fanerofit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofitu	fanerofit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofity	fanerofit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofity	fanerofit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanerofity	fanerofit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarach	fanfara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfara	fanfara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarami	fanfara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarą	fanfara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarę	fanfara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfar	fanfara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaro	fanfara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarom	fanfara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfary	fanfara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfary	fanfara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfary	fanfara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfary	fanfara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarze	fanfara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarze	fanfara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronach	fanfaron	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfarona	fanfaron	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfarona	fanfaron	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronami	fanfaron	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronem	fanfaron	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaron	fanfaron	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronie	fanfaron	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronie	fanfaron	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaroni	fanfaron	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaroni	fanfaron	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronom	fanfaron	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronowi	fanfaron	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronów	fanfaron	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronów	fanfaron	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfarony	fanfaron	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfarony	fanfaron	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fanfaronadach	fanfaronada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronada	fanfaronada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadami	fanfaronada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadą	fanfaronada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadę	fanfaronada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronad	fanfaronada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronado	fanfaronada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadom	fanfaronada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronady	fanfaronada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronady	fanfaronada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronady	fanfaronada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronady	fanfaronada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadzie	fanfaronada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronadzie	fanfaronada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronicy	fanfaronik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronicy	fanfaronik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronikach	fanfaronik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronika	fanfaronik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronika	fanfaronik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronikami	fanfaronik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronik	fanfaronik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronikiem	fanfaronik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroniki	fanfaronik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroniki	fanfaronik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronikom	fanfaronik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronikowi	fanfaronik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroników	fanfaronik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroników	fanfaronik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroniku	fanfaronik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaroniku	fanfaronik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfaronować	fanfaronować	inf:imperf		
fanfaronowaliby	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowalibyście	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowalibyśmy	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowali	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fanfaronowali	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowaliście	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowaliśmy	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałaby	fanfaronować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałabym	fanfaronować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałabyś	fanfaronować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowała	fanfaronować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fanfaronowała	fanfaronować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałam	fanfaronować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałaś	fanfaronować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowałby	fanfaronować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałbym	fanfaronować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałbyś	fanfaronować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowałem	fanfaronować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałeś	fanfaronować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanfaronował	fanfaronować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fanfaronował	fanfaronować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałoby	fanfaronować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałobym	fanfaronować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałobyś	fanfaronować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowało	fanfaronować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fanfaronowało	fanfaronować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałom	fanfaronować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowałoś	fanfaronować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowałyby	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałybyście	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowałybyśmy	fanfaronować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowały	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fanfaronowały	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanfaronowałyście	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanfaronowałyśmy	fanfaronować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanfaronowaniach	fanfaronować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowania	fanfaronować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowania	fanfaronować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowaniami	fanfaronować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowanie	fanfaronować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowaniem	fanfaronować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowaniom	fanfaronować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowaniu	fanfaronować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronowano	fanfaronować	imps:imperf		
fanfaronowań	fanfaronować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronująca	fanfaronować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującą	fanfaronować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujące	fanfaronować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujące	fanfaronować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującego	fanfaronować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującego	fanfaronować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującej	fanfaronować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującemu	fanfaronować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronując	fanfaronować	pcon:imperf		
fanfaronująco	fanfaronować	pacta		
fanfaronujących	fanfaronować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujących	fanfaronować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujący	fanfaronować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujący	fanfaronować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronujący	fanfaronować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującym	fanfaronować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującym	fanfaronować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfaronującymi	fanfaronować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfaronują	fanfaronować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fanfaronujcie	fanfaronować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fanfaronujecie	fanfaronować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fanfaronuje	fanfaronować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fanfaronujemy	fanfaronować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fanfaronujesz	fanfaronować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fanfaronuję	fanfaronować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fanfaronuj	fanfaronować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fanfaronujmy	fanfaronować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fanfarować	fanfarować	inf:imperf		
fanfarowaliby	fanfarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanfarowalibyście	fanfarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanfarowalibyśmy	fanfarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanfarowali	fanfarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fanfarowali	fanfarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fanfarowaliście	fanfarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fanfarowaliśmy	fanfarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałaby	fanfarować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałabym	fanfarować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałabyś	fanfarować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanfarowała	fanfarować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fanfarowała	fanfarować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałam	fanfarować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałaś	fanfarować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fanfarowałby	fanfarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałbym	fanfarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałbyś	fanfarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanfarowałem	fanfarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałeś	fanfarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fanfarował	fanfarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fanfarował	fanfarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałoby	fanfarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałobym	fanfarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałobyś	fanfarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanfarowało	fanfarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fanfarowało	fanfarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałom	fanfarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fanfarowałoś	fanfarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fanfarowałyby	fanfarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałybyście	fanfarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanfarowałybyśmy	fanfarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanfarowały	fanfarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fanfarowały	fanfarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fanfarowałyście	fanfarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fanfarowałyśmy	fanfarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fanfarowaniach	fanfarować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowania	fanfarować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowania	fanfarować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowaniami	fanfarować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowanie	fanfarować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowaniem	fanfarować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowaniom	fanfarować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowaniu	fanfarować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarowano	fanfarować	imps:imperf		
fanfarowań	fanfarować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarująca	fanfarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fanfarującą	fanfarować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fanfarujące	fanfarować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfarujące	fanfarować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarującego	fanfarować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fanfarującego	fanfarować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarującej	fanfarować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fanfarującemu	fanfarować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarując	fanfarować	pcon:imperf		
fanfarująco	fanfarować	pacta		
fanfarujących	fanfarować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanfarujących	fanfarować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfarujący	fanfarować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fanfarujący	fanfarować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fanfarujący	fanfarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fanfarującym	fanfarować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfarującym	fanfarować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fanfarującymi	fanfarować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fanfarują	fanfarować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fanfarujcie	fanfarować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fanfarujecie	fanfarować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fanfaruje	fanfarować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fanfarujemy	fanfarować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fanfarujesz	fanfarować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fanfaruję	fanfarować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fanfaruj	fanfarować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fanfarujmy	fanfarować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fanfarowościach	fanfarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowościami	fanfarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowością	fanfarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowości	fanfarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowościom	fanfarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowość	fanfarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowość	fanfarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarowa	fanfarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fanfarową	fanfarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fanfarową	fanfarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fanfarowe	fanfarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarowe	fanfarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarowe	fanfarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowe	fanfarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowego	fanfarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fanfarowego	fanfarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowej	fanfarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fanfarowej	fanfarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fanfarowej	fanfarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fanfarowemu	fanfarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowi	fanfarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fanfarowo	fanfarowy	adja		
fanfarowych	fanfarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fanfarowych	fanfarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarowych	fanfarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarowy	fanfarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fanfarowy	fanfarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fanfarowym	fanfarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarowym	fanfarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowym	fanfarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanfarowymi	fanfarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanfarzystach	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzysta	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystami	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystą	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystę	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzysto	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystom	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystów	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzystów	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzysty	fanfarzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzysty	fanfarzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzysty	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzyście	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzyście	fanfarzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzyści	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fanfarzyści	fanfarzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fandze	fanga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fandze	fanga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangach	fanga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanga	fanga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangami	fanga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangą	fanga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangę	fanga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fang	fanga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangi	fanga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangi	fanga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangi	fanga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangi	fanga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fango	fanga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangom	fanga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fangach	fango	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fanga	fango	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fanga	fango	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fanga	fango	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fanga	fango	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fangami	fango	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fang	fango	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fangiem	fango	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fango	fango	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fango	fango	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fango	fango	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fangom	fango	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fangu	fango	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fangu	fango	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fance	fanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fance	fanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanek	fanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fankach	fanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanka	fanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fankami	fanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanką	fanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fankę	fanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanki	fanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanki	fanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanki	fanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanki	fanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanko	fanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fankom	fanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubach	fanklub	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubami	fanklub	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubem	fanklub	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklub	fanklub	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklub	fanklub	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubie	fanklub	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubie	fanklub	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubom	fanklub	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubowi	fanklub	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubów	fanklub	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanklubu	fanklub	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankluby	fanklub	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankluby	fanklub	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankluby	fanklub	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankule	fankuł	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankule	fankuł	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułach	fankuł	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułami	fankuł	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułem	fankuł	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankuł	fankuł	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankuł	fankuł	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułom	fankuł	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułowi	fankuł	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułów	fankuł	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankułu	fankuł	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankuły	fankuł	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankuły	fankuł	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fankuły	fankuł	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanowscy	fanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fanowska	fanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fanowską	fanowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fanowską	fanowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fanowskich	fanowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fanowskich	fanowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanowskich	fanowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanowskie	fanowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanowskie	fanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanowskie	fanowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fanowskie	fanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fanowskiego	fanowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fanowskiego	fanowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanowskiej	fanowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fanowskiej	fanowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fanowskiej	fanowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fanowskiemu	fanowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanowski	fanowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fanowski	fanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fanowskim	fanowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanowskim	fanowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanowskim	fanowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanowskimi	fanowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanowsko	fanowski	adja		
fanowsku	fanowski	adjp		
fanowsko	fanowsko	adv:pos		
fanowskościach	fanowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskościami	fanowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskością	fanowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskości	fanowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskościom	fanowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskość	fanowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanowskość	fanowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanszonach	fanszon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonami	fanszon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonem	fanszon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszon	fanszon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszon	fanszon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonie	fanszon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonie	fanszon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonom	fanszon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonowi	fanszon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonów	fanszon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonu	fanszon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszony	fanszon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszony	fanszon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszony	fanszon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonikach	fanszonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonikami	fanszonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonik	fanszonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonik	fanszonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonikiem	fanszonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniki	fanszonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniki	fanszonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniki	fanszonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonikom	fanszonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszonikowi	fanszonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoników	fanszonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniku	fanszonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniku	fanszonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fanszoniku	fanszonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fancie	fant	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fancie	fant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fancie	fant	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fancie	fant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantach	fant	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantach	fant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanta	fant	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanta	fant	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantami	fant	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantami	fant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantem	fant	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantem	fant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fant	fant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fant	fant	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fant	fant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantom	fant	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantom	fant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantowi	fant	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantowi	fant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantów	fant	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fantów	fant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantu	fant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanty	fant	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanty	fant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanty	fant	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanty	fant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanty	fant	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fanty	fant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoriach	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoria	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoriami	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorią	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorie	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorie	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorie	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorię	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorii	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fantasmagorii	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorii	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorii	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorio	fantasmagoria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoriom	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryj	fantasmagoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fantasmagorycznie	fantasmagorycznie	adv:pos		
fantasmagorycznościach	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorycznościami	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorycznością	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczności	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagorycznościom	fantasmagoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczność	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczność	fantasmagoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryczna	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantasmagoryczną	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantasmagoryczną	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantasmagoryczne	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryczne	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryczne	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryczne	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagorycznego	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantasmagorycznego	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagorycznej	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantasmagorycznej	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantasmagorycznej	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantasmagorycznemu	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryczni	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantasmagoryczno	fantasmagoryczny	adja		
fantasmagorycznych	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantasmagorycznych	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagorycznych	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryczny	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantasmagoryczny	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantasmagorycznym	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagorycznym	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagorycznym	fantasmagoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagorycznymi	fantasmagoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjnościach	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjnościami	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjnością	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjności	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjnościom	fantasmagoryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjność	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjność	fantasmagoryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasmagoryjna	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjną	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjną	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjne	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjne	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjne	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjne	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjnego	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantasmagoryjnego	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjnej	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjnej	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjnej	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantasmagoryjnemu	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjni	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantasmagoryjno	fantasmagoryjny	adja		
fantasmagoryjnych	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantasmagoryjnych	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjnych	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjny	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantasmagoryjny	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantasmagoryjnym	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantasmagoryjnym	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjnym	fantasmagoryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantasmagoryjnymi	fantasmagoryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastach	fantasta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantasta	fantasta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastami	fantasta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastą	fantasta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastę	fantasta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantasto	fantasta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastom	fantasta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastów	fantasta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastów	fantasta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantasty	fantasta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasty	fantasta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasty	fantasta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantaście	fantasta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantaście	fantasta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantaści	fantasta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantaści	fantasta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantastce	fantastka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastce	fantastka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastek	fantastka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastkach	fantastka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastka	fantastka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastkami	fantastka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastką	fantastka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastkę	fantastka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastki	fantastka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastki	fantastka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastki	fantastka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastki	fantastka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastko	fantastka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastkom	fantastka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyccy	fantastycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fantastycka	fantastycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fantastycką	fantastycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fantastycką	fantastycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fantastyckich	fantastycki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fantastyckich	fantastycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastyckich	fantastycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastyckie	fantastycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastyckie	fantastycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastyckie	fantastycki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastyckie	fantastycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastyckiego	fantastycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fantastyckiego	fantastycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastyckiej	fantastycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fantastyckiej	fantastycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fantastyckiej	fantastycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fantastyckiemu	fantastycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastycki	fantastycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fantastycki	fantastycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fantastyckim	fantastycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastyckim	fantastycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastyckim	fantastycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantastyckimi	fantastycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantastycko	fantastycki	adja		daw.
fantastycku	fantastycki	adjp		daw.
fantastycko	fantastycko	adv:pos		
fantastyckościach	fantastyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckościami	fantastyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckością	fantastyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckości	fantastyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckościom	fantastyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckość	fantastyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyckość	fantastyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantastyczce	fantastyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczce	fantastyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczek	fantastyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczkach	fantastyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczka	fantastyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczkami	fantastyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczką	fantastyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczkę	fantastyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczki	fantastyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczki	fantastyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczki	fantastyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczki	fantastyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczko	fantastyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczkom	fantastyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznie	fantastycznie	adv:pos		
fantastyczniej	fantastycznie	adv:com		
fantastyczniałaby	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałabym	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałabyś	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniała	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniała	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałam	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałaś	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałby	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałbym	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałbyś	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałem	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałeś	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniał	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniał	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałoby	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałobym	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałobyś	fantastycznieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniało	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniało	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałom	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałoś	fantastycznieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałyby	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałybyście	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałybyśmy	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniały	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniały	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałyście	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniałyśmy	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniano	fantastycznieć	imps:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieć	fantastycznieć	inf:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejąca	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącą	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejące	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejące	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącego	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącego	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącej	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącemu	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejąc	fantastycznieć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejąco	fantastycznieć	pacta		
fantastyczniejących	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejących	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejący	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejący	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejący	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącym	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącym	fantastycznieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantastyczniejącymi	fantastycznieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantastycznieją	fantastycznieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejcie	fantastycznieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejecie	fantastycznieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieje	fantastycznieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejemy	fantastycznieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejesz	fantastycznieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieję	fantastycznieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniej	fantastycznieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastyczniejmy	fantastycznieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieliby	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznielibyście	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznielibyśmy	fantastycznieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieli	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieli	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieliście	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieliśmy	fantastycznieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
fantastycznieniach	fantastycznieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznienia	fantastycznieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznienia	fantastycznieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznieniami	fantastycznieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznienie	fantastycznieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznieniem	fantastycznieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznieniom	fantastycznieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznieniu	fantastycznieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznień	fantastycznieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantastycznonaukowościach	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowościami	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowością	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowości	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowościom	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowość	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowość	fantastycznonaukowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznonaukowa	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukową	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukową	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukowe	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowe	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowe	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowe	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowego	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowego	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowej	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukowej	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukowej	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantastycznonaukowemu	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowi	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantastycznonaukowo	fantastycznonaukowy	adja		
fantastycznonaukowych	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantastycznonaukowych	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowych	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowy	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowy	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowym	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznonaukowym	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowym	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznonaukowymi	fantastycznonaukowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznościach	fantastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznościami	fantastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznością	fantastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczności	fantastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastycznościom	fantastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczność	fantastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczność	fantastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyczna	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantastyczną	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantastyczną	fantastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantastyczne	fantastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantastyczne	fantastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantastyczne	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantastyczne	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznego	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantastycznego	fantastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantastycznej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantastycznej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantastycznemu	fantastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastyczniejsi	fantastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
fantastyczniejsza	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
fantastyczniejszą	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
fantastyczniejszą	fantastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
fantastyczniejsze	fantastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczniejsze	fantastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczniejsze	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejsze	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejszego	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
fantastyczniejszego	fantastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejszej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
fantastyczniejszej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
fantastyczniejszej	fantastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
fantastyczniejszemu	fantastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejszych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
fantastyczniejszych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczniejszych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczniejszy	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
fantastyczniejszy	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
fantastyczniejszym	fantastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczniejszym	fantastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejszym	fantastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fantastyczniejszymi	fantastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fantastyczni	fantastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantastyczno	fantastyczny	adja		
fantastycznych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantastycznych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznych	fantastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastyczny	fantastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantastyczny	fantastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantastycznym	fantastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycznym	fantastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznym	fantastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantastycznymi	fantastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantastycy	fantastyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastycy	fantastyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastykach	fantastyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyka	fantastyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyka	fantastyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastykami	fantastyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyk	fantastyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastykiem	fantastyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyki	fantastyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyki	fantastyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastykom	fantastyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastykowi	fantastyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyków	fantastyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyków	fantastyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyku	fantastyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyku	fantastyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantastyce	fantastyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyce	fantastyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastykach	fantastyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyka	fantastyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastykami	fantastyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyką	fantastyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastykę	fantastyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyk	fantastyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyki	fantastyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyki	fantastyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyki	fantastyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyki	fantastyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastyko	fantastyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantastykom	fantastyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantasy	fantasy	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjach	fantazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazja	fantazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjami	fantazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazją	fantazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazje	fantazja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazje	fantazja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazje	fantazja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazję	fantazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazji	fantazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fantazji	fantazja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazji	fantazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazji	fantazja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjo	fantazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjom	fantazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyj	fantazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fantazjotwórcach	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórca	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcami	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcą	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórce	fantazjotwórca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórce	fantazjotwórca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcę	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórco	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcom	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórców	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórców	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcy	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcy	fantazjotwórca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcy	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcy	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcy	fantazjotwórca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczo	fantazjotwórczo	adv:pos		
fantazjotwórczościach	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczościami	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczością	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczości	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczościom	fantazjotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczość	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórczość	fantazjotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórcza	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantazjotwórczą	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantazjotwórczą	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantazjotwórcze	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórcze	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórcze	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórcze	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórczego	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantazjotwórczego	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórczej	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantazjotwórczej	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantazjotwórczej	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantazjotwórczemu	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórczo	fantazjotwórczy	adja		
fantazjotwórczych	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazjotwórczych	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórczych	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórczy	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazjotwórczy	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantazjotwórczy	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantazjotwórczym	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórczym	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórczym	fantazjotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazjotwórczymi	fantazjotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazjotwórstwach	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwa	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwa	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwa	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwa	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwami	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwem	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstw	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwie	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwo	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwo	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwo	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwom	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjotwórstwu	fantazjotwórstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fantazjować	fantazjować	inf:imperf		
fantazjowaliby	fantazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fantazjowalibyście	fantazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fantazjowalibyśmy	fantazjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fantazjowali	fantazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fantazjowali	fantazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fantazjowaliście	fantazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fantazjowaliśmy	fantazjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałaby	fantazjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałabym	fantazjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałabyś	fantazjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fantazjowała	fantazjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fantazjowała	fantazjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałam	fantazjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałaś	fantazjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fantazjowałby	fantazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałbym	fantazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałbyś	fantazjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fantazjowałem	fantazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałeś	fantazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fantazjował	fantazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fantazjował	fantazjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałoby	fantazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałobym	fantazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałobyś	fantazjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fantazjowało	fantazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fantazjowało	fantazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałom	fantazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fantazjowałoś	fantazjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fantazjowałyby	fantazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałybyście	fantazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fantazjowałybyśmy	fantazjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fantazjowały	fantazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fantazjowały	fantazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fantazjowałyście	fantazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fantazjowałyśmy	fantazjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fantazjowaniach	fantazjować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowania	fantazjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowania	fantazjować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowaniami	fantazjować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowanie	fantazjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowaniem	fantazjować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowaniom	fantazjować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowaniu	fantazjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjowano	fantazjować	imps:imperf		
fantazjowań	fantazjować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjująca	fantazjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fantazjującą	fantazjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fantazjujące	fantazjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantazjujące	fantazjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjującego	fantazjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fantazjującego	fantazjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjującej	fantazjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fantazjującemu	fantazjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjując	fantazjować	pcon:imperf		
fantazjująco	fantazjować	pacta		
fantazjujących	fantazjować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantazjujących	fantazjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantazjujący	fantazjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantazjujący	fantazjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fantazjujący	fantazjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fantazjującym	fantazjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantazjującym	fantazjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantazjującymi	fantazjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantazjują	fantazjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fantazjujcie	fantazjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fantazjujecie	fantazjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fantazjuje	fantazjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fantazjujemy	fantazjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fantazjujesz	fantazjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fantazjuję	fantazjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fantazjuj	fantazjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fantazjujmy	fantazjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fantazjuszach	fantazjusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusza	fantazjusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusza	fantazjusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszami	fantazjusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusze	fantazjusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusze	fantazjusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusze	fantazjusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusze	fantazjusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszem	fantazjusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjusz	fantazjusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszom	fantazjusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowi	fantazjusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszów	fantazjusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszów	fantazjusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszu	fantazjusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszu	fantazjusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszy	fantazjusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszy	fantazjusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowscy	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowska	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowską	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowską	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskich	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskich	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskich	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskie	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskie	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskie	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskie	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiego	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiego	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiej	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiej	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiej	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskiemu	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowski	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowski	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskim	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskim	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskim	fantazjuszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowskimi	fantazjuszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		indyw.
fantazjuszowsko	fantazjuszowski	adja		indyw.
fantazjuszowsku	fantazjuszowski	adjp		indyw.
fantazjuszowsko	fantazjuszowsko	adv:pos		daw.
fantazjuszowskościach	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskościami	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskością	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskości	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskościom	fantazjuszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskość	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazjuszowskość	fantazjuszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
fantazmach	fantazm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmami	fantazm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmem	fantazm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazm	fantazm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazm	fantazm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmie	fantazm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmie	fantazm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmom	fantazm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmowi	fantazm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmów	fantazm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmu	fantazm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmy	fantazm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmy	fantazm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmy	fantazm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmacie	fantazmat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmacie	fantazmat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatach	fantazmat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatami	fantazmat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatem	fantazmat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmat	fantazmat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmat	fantazmat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatom	fantazmat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatowi	fantazmat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatów	fantazmat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatu	fantazmat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmaty	fantazmat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmaty	fantazmat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmaty	fantazmat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fantazmatycznościach	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatycznościami	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatycznością	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczności	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatycznościom	fantazmatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczność	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczność	fantazmatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazmatyczna	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantazmatyczną	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantazmatyczną	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantazmatyczne	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmatyczne	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmatyczne	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatyczne	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatycznego	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantazmatycznego	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatycznej	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantazmatycznej	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantazmatycznej	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantazmatycznemu	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatyczni	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazmatyczno	fantazmatyczny	adja		
fantazmatycznych	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazmatycznych	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmatycznych	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmatyczny	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantazmatyczny	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantazmatycznym	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmatycznym	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatycznym	fantazmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazmatycznymi	fantazmatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazmach	fantazmo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazma	fantazmo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazma	fantazmo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazma	fantazmo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazma	fantazmo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmami	fantazmo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmem	fantazmo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazm	fantazmo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmie	fantazmo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmo	fantazmo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmo	fantazmo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmo	fantazmo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmom	fantazmo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazmu	fantazmo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantazyjce	fantazyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjce	fantazyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjek	fantazyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjkach	fantazyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjka	fantazyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjkami	fantazyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjką	fantazyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjkę	fantazyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjki	fantazyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjki	fantazyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjki	fantazyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjki	fantazyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjko	fantazyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjkom	fantazyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjnie	fantazyjnie	adv:pos		
fantazyjniej	fantazyjnie	adv:com		
fantazyjnościach	fantazyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjnościami	fantazyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjnością	fantazyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjności	fantazyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjnościom	fantazyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjność	fantazyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjność	fantazyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantazyjna	fantazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantazyjną	fantazyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantazyjną	fantazyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantazyjne	fantazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazyjne	fantazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantazyjne	fantazyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjne	fantazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjnego	fantazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantazyjnego	fantazyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjnej	fantazyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantazyjnej	fantazyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantazyjnej	fantazyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantazyjnemu	fantazyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjni	fantazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazyjno	fantazyjny	adja		
fantazyjnych	fantazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantazyjnych	fantazyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazyjnych	fantazyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazyjny	fantazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantazyjny	fantazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantazyjnym	fantazyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantazyjnym	fantazyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjnym	fantazyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantazyjnymi	fantazyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantnościach	fantność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantnościami	fantność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantnością	fantność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantności	fantność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantnościom	fantność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantność	fantność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantność	fantność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantna	fantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fantną	fantny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fantną	fantny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fantne	fantny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantne	fantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantne	fantny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantne	fantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantnego	fantny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fantnego	fantny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantnej	fantny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fantnej	fantny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fantnej	fantny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fantnemu	fantny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantni	fantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fantno	fantny	adja		daw.
fantnych	fantny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fantnych	fantny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantnych	fantny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantny	fantny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fantny	fantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fantnym	fantny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantnym	fantny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantnym	fantny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fantnymi	fantny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fantomach	fantom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantoma	fantom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomami	fantom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomem	fantom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantom	fantom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantom	fantom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomie	fantom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomie	fantom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomom	fantom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowi	fantom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomów	fantom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomu	fantom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomy	fantom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomy	fantom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomy	fantom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatycznie	fantomatycznie	adv:pos		
fantomatycznościach	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatycznościami	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatycznością	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczności	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatycznościom	fantomatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczność	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczność	fantomatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomatyczna	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantomatyczną	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantomatyczną	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantomatyczne	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantomatyczne	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantomatyczne	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantomatyczne	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantomatycznego	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantomatycznego	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomatycznej	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantomatycznej	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantomatycznej	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantomatycznemu	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomatyczni	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantomatyczno	fantomatyczny	adja		
fantomatycznych	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantomatycznych	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomatycznych	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomatyczny	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantomatyczny	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantomatycznym	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomatycznym	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomatycznym	fantomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomatycznymi	fantomatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowościach	fantomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowościami	fantomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowością	fantomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowości	fantomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowościom	fantomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowość	fantomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowość	fantomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantomowa	fantomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantomową	fantomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantomową	fantomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantomowe	fantomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowe	fantomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowe	fantomowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantomowe	fantomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantomowego	fantomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantomowego	fantomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomowej	fantomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantomowej	fantomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantomowej	fantomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantomowemu	fantomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomowi	fantomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantomowo	fantomowy	adja		
fantomowych	fantomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantomowych	fantomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowych	fantomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowy	fantomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantomowy	fantomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantomowym	fantomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantomowym	fantomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomowym	fantomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantomowymi	fantomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantować	fantować	inf:imperf		daw.
fantowaliby	fantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowalibyście	fantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowalibyśmy	fantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowali	fantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fantowali	fantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowaliście	fantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowaliśmy	fantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałaby	fantować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałabym	fantować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałabyś	fantować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowała	fantować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fantowała	fantować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałam	fantować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałaś	fantować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowałby	fantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałbym	fantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałbyś	fantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowałem	fantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałeś	fantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fantował	fantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fantował	fantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałoby	fantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałobym	fantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałobyś	fantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowało	fantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fantowało	fantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałom	fantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowałoś	fantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowałyby	fantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałybyście	fantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowałybyśmy	fantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowały	fantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fantowały	fantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fantowałyście	fantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fantowałyśmy	fantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowana	fantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fantowaną	fantować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fantowane	fantować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantowane	fantować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantowanego	fantować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fantowanego	fantować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantowanej	fantować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fantowanemu	fantować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantowaniach	fantować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowania	fantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowania	fantować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowaniami	fantować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowanie	fantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowaniem	fantować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowani	fantować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantowaniom	fantować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowaniu	fantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fantowano	fantować	imps:imperf		daw.
fantowanych	fantować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantowanych	fantować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantowany	fantować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fantowany	fantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fantowanym	fantować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantowanym	fantować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantowanymi	fantować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantowań	fantować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fantująca	fantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fantującą	fantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fantujące	fantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantujące	fantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantującego	fantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fantującego	fantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantującej	fantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fantującemu	fantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantując	fantować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fantująco	fantować	pacta		
fantujących	fantować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantujących	fantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantujący	fantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fantujący	fantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fantujący	fantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fantującym	fantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantującym	fantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fantującymi	fantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fantują	fantować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fantujcie	fantować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fantujecie	fantować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fantuje	fantować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fantujemy	fantować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fantujesz	fantować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fantuję	fantować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fantuj	fantować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fantujmy	fantować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fantowniach	fantownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownia	fantownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowniami	fantownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownią	fantownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownie	fantownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownie	fantownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownie	fantownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownię	fantownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowni	fantownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowni	fantownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowni	fantownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowni	fantownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantownio	fantownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowniom	fantownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fantowościach	fantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowościami	fantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowością	fantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowości	fantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowościom	fantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowość	fantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowość	fantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fantowa	fantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fantową	fantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fantową	fantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fantowe	fantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantowe	fantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fantowe	fantowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fantowe	fantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fantowego	fantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fantowego	fantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantowej	fantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fantowej	fantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fantowej	fantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fantowemu	fantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantowi	fantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fantowo	fantowy	adja		
fantowych	fantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fantowych	fantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantowych	fantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantowy	fantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fantowy	fantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fantowym	fantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fantowym	fantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantowym	fantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fantowymi	fantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanzach	fanza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanza	fanza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzami	fanza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzą	fanza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzę	fanza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanz	fanza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzie	fanza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzie	fanza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzo	fanza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzom	fanza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzy	fanza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzy	fanza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzy	fanza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzy	fanza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinach	fanzin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinami	fanzin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinem	fanzin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzin	fanzin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzin	fanzin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinie	fanzin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinie	fanzin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinom	fanzin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowi	fanzin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinów	fanzin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinu	fanzin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanziny	fanzin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanziny	fanzin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanziny	fanzin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowościach	fanzinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowościami	fanzinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowością	fanzinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowości	fanzinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowościom	fanzinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowość	fanzinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowość	fanzinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fanzinowa	fanzinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fanzinową	fanzinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fanzinową	fanzinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fanzinowe	fanzinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanzinowe	fanzinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fanzinowe	fanzinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowe	fanzinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowego	fanzinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fanzinowego	fanzinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowej	fanzinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fanzinowej	fanzinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fanzinowej	fanzinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fanzinowemu	fanzinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowi	fanzinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fanzinowo	fanzinowy	adja		
fanzinowych	fanzinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fanzinowych	fanzinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanzinowych	fanzinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanzinowy	fanzinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fanzinowy	fanzinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fanzinowym	fanzinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fanzinowym	fanzinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowym	fanzinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fanzinowymi	fanzinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farach	far	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farami	far	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farem	far	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
far	far	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
far	far	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farom	far	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farowi	far	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farów	far	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faru	far	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	far	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	far	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	far	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farze	far	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farze	far	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farach	fara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fara	fara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farami	fara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farą	fara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farę	fara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
far	fara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faro	fara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farom	fara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	fara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	fara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	fara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fary	fara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farze	fara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farze	fara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faradach	farad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farada	farad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradami	farad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradem	farad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farad	farad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farad	farad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradom	farad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradowi	farad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradów	farad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farady	farad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farady	farad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farady	farad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradzie	farad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradzie	farad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzach	faradomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzach	faradomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierza	faradomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierza	faradomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzami	faradomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzami	faradomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierze	faradomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzem	faradomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzem	faradomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierz	faradomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierz	faradomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierz	faradomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierz	faradomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzom	faradomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzom	faradomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzowi	faradomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzowi	faradomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzów	faradomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzu	faradomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzu	faradomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzu	faradomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradomierzu	faradomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faradomierzy	faradomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faradycznościach	faradyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradycznościami	faradyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradycznością	faradyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczności	faradyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradycznościom	faradyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczność	faradyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczność	faradyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyczna	faradyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faradyczną	faradyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faradyczną	faradyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faradyczne	faradyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faradyczne	faradyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faradyczne	faradyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faradyczne	faradyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faradycznego	faradyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faradycznego	faradyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faradycznej	faradyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faradycznej	faradyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faradycznej	faradyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faradycznemu	faradyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faradyczni	faradyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faradyczno	faradyczny	adja		
faradycznych	faradyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faradycznych	faradyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faradycznych	faradyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faradyczny	faradyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faradyczny	faradyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faradycznym	faradyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faradycznym	faradyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faradycznym	faradyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faradycznymi	faradyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faradyzacjach	faradyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacja	faradyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacjami	faradyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacją	faradyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacje	faradyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacje	faradyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacje	faradyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzację	faradyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacji	faradyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faradyzacji	faradyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacji	faradyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacji	faradyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacjo	faradyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacjom	faradyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faradyzacyj	faradyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faradyzować	faradyzować	inf:imperf		med.
faradyzowaliby	faradyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowalibyście	faradyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowalibyśmy	faradyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowali	faradyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		med.
faradyzowali	faradyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowaliście	faradyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowaliśmy	faradyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałaby	faradyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałabym	faradyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałabyś	faradyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowała	faradyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		med.
faradyzowała	faradyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałam	faradyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałaś	faradyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowałby	faradyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałbym	faradyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałbyś	faradyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowałem	faradyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałeś	faradyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzował	faradyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		med.
faradyzował	faradyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałoby	faradyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałobym	faradyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałobyś	faradyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowało	faradyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		med.
faradyzowało	faradyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałom	faradyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowałoś	faradyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowałyby	faradyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałybyście	faradyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowałybyśmy	faradyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowały	faradyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		med.
faradyzowały	faradyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzowałyście	faradyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzowałyśmy	faradyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzowana	faradyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaną	faradyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzowane	faradyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowane	faradyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanego	faradyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanego	faradyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanej	faradyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanemu	faradyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaniach	faradyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowania	faradyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowania	faradyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaniami	faradyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanie	faradyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaniem	faradyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowani	faradyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaniom	faradyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowaniu	faradyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowano	faradyzować	imps:imperf		med.
faradyzowanych	faradyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanych	faradyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowany	faradyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowany	faradyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanym	faradyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanym	faradyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzowanymi	faradyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzowań	faradyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzująca	faradyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzującą	faradyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzujące	faradyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzujące	faradyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzującego	faradyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faradyzującego	faradyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzującej	faradyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faradyzującemu	faradyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzując	faradyzować	pcon:imperf		med.
faradyzująco	faradyzować	pacta		
faradyzujących	faradyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faradyzujących	faradyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzujący	faradyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faradyzujący	faradyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faradyzujący	faradyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faradyzującym	faradyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzującym	faradyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faradyzującymi	faradyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faradyzują	faradyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzujcie	faradyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzujecie	faradyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzuje	faradyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		med.
faradyzujemy	faradyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzujesz	faradyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzuję	faradyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		med.
faradyzuj	faradyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		med.
faradyzujmy	faradyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		med.
faramuszce	faramuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszce	faramuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszek	faramuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszkach	faramuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszka	faramuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszkami	faramuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszką	faramuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszkę	faramuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszki	faramuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszki	faramuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszki	faramuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszki	faramuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszko	faramuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuszkom	faramuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faramuśnicy	faramuśnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnicy	faramuśnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnikach	faramuśnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnika	faramuśnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnika	faramuśnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnikami	faramuśnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnik	faramuśnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnikiem	faramuśnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśniki	faramuśnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśniki	faramuśnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnikom	faramuśnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnikowi	faramuśnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśników	faramuśnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśników	faramuśnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśniku	faramuśnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśniku	faramuśnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnościach	faramuśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnościami	faramuśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnością	faramuśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśności	faramuśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśnościom	faramuśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśność	faramuśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśność	faramuśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
faramuśna	faramuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśną	faramuśny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśną	faramuśny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśne	faramuśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
faramuśne	faramuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
faramuśne	faramuśny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśne	faramuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśnego	faramuśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		gwar.
faramuśnego	faramuśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśnej	faramuśny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśnej	faramuśny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśnej	faramuśny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		gwar.
faramuśnemu	faramuśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśni	faramuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		gwar.
faramuśno	faramuśny	adja		gwar.
faramuśnych	faramuśny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		gwar.
faramuśnych	faramuśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
faramuśnych	faramuśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
faramuśny	faramuśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		gwar.
faramuśny	faramuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		gwar.
faramuśnym	faramuśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
faramuśnym	faramuśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśnym	faramuśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		gwar.
faramuśnymi	faramuśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		gwar.
farandolach	farandola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandola	farandola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandolami	farandola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandolą	farandola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandole	farandola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandole	farandola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandole	farandola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandolę	farandola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandol	farandola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|chor.
farandoli	farandola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|hom.
farandoli	farandola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandoli	farandola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandoli	farandola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandolo	farandola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
farandolom	farandola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.
faraonikach	faraonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonika	faraonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonikami	faraonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonik	faraonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonik	faraonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonikiem	faraonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoniki	faraonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoniki	faraonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoniki	faraonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonikom	faraonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonikowi	faraonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoników	faraonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoniku	faraonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraoniku	faraonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowościach	faraonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowościami	faraonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowością	faraonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowości	faraonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowościom	faraonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowość	faraonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowość	faraonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowa	faraonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faraonową	faraonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faraonową	faraonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faraonowe	faraonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraonowe	faraonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraonowe	faraonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faraonowe	faraonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faraonowego	faraonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faraonowego	faraonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraonowej	faraonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faraonowej	faraonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faraonowej	faraonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faraonowemu	faraonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraonowi	faraonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faraonowo	faraonowy	adja		
faraonowych	faraonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faraonowych	faraonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraonowych	faraonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraonowy	faraonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faraonowy	faraonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faraonowym	faraonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraonowym	faraonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraonowym	faraonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraonowymi	faraonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraonach	faraon:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraona	faraon:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraona	faraon:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonami	faraon:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonem	faraon:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraon	faraon:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonie	faraon:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonie	faraon:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraoni	faraon:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraoni	faraon:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonom	faraon:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowie	faraon:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowie	faraon:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonowi	faraon:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonów	faraon:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraonów	faraon:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faraony	faraon:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faraony	faraon:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faraonach	faraon:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraona	faraon:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraona	faraon:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonami	faraon:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonem	faraon:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraon	faraon:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonie	faraon:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonie	faraon:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonom	faraon:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonowi	faraon:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraonów	faraon:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraony	faraon:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraony	faraon:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraony	faraon:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	karc.
faraońscy	faraoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faraońska	faraoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faraońską	faraoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faraońską	faraoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faraońskich	faraoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faraońskich	faraoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraońskich	faraoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraońskie	faraoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraońskie	faraoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraońskie	faraoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faraońskie	faraoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faraońskiego	faraoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faraońskiego	faraoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraońskiej	faraoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faraońskiej	faraoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faraońskiej	faraoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faraońskiemu	faraoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraoński	faraoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faraoński	faraoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faraońskim	faraoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraońskim	faraoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraońskim	faraoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraońskimi	faraoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraońsko	faraoński	adja		
faraońsku	faraoński	adjp		
faraońsko	faraońsko	adv:pos		
faraońskościach	faraońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskościami	faraońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskością	faraońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskości	faraońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskościom	faraońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskość	faraońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraońskość	faraońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fararzach	fararz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzach	fararz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararza	fararz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararza	fararz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararza	fararz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararza	fararz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzami	fararz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzami	fararz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararze	fararz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararze	fararz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararze	fararz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararze	fararz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararze	fararz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararze	fararz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararze	fararz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararze	fararz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzem	fararz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzem	fararz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararz	fararz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararz	fararz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzom	fararz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzom	fararz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzowi	fararz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzowi	fararz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzów	fararz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzów	fararz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzu	fararz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzu	fararz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzu	fararz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzu	fararz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.|rzad.
fararzy	fararz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fararzy	fararz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farascy	faraski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faraska	faraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faraską	faraski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faraską	faraski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faraskich	faraski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faraskich	faraski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraskich	faraski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraskie	faraski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraskie	faraski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faraskie	faraski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faraskie	faraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faraskiego	faraski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faraskiego	faraski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraskiej	faraski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faraskiej	faraski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faraskiej	faraski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faraskiemu	faraski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraski	faraski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faraski	faraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faraskim	faraski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faraskim	faraski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraskim	faraski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faraskimi	faraski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farasko	faraski	adja		
farasku	faraski	adjp		
farasko	farasko	adv:pos		
faraskościach	faraskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskościami	faraskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskością	faraskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskości	faraskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskościom	faraskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskość	faraskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faraskość	faraskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbach	farba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farba	farba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbami	farba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbą	farba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbę	farba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farb	farba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbie	farba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbie	farba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbo	farba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbom	farba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farby	farba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farby	farba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farby	farba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farby	farba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarce	farbiarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarce	farbiarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarek	farbiarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarkach	farbiarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarka	farbiarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarkami	farbiarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarką	farbiarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarkę	farbiarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarki	farbiarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarki	farbiarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarki	farbiarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarki	farbiarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarko	farbiarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarkom	farbiarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarniach	farbiarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnia	farbiarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarniami	farbiarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnią	farbiarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnie	farbiarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnie	farbiarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnie	farbiarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnię	farbiarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarni	farbiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farbiarni	farbiarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarni	farbiarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarni	farbiarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarnio	farbiarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarniom	farbiarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarń	farbiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
farbiarscy	farbiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farbiarska	farbiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farbiarską	farbiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farbiarską	farbiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farbiarskich	farbiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farbiarskich	farbiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarskich	farbiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarskie	farbiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarskie	farbiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarskie	farbiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farbiarskie	farbiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farbiarskiego	farbiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farbiarskiego	farbiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbiarskiej	farbiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farbiarskiej	farbiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farbiarskiej	farbiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farbiarskiemu	farbiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbiarski	farbiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farbiarski	farbiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farbiarskim	farbiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarskim	farbiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbiarskim	farbiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbiarskimi	farbiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbiarsko	farbiarski	adja		
farbiarsku	farbiarski	adjp		
farbiarsko	farbiarsko	adv:pos		
farbiarskościach	farbiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskościami	farbiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskością	farbiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskości	farbiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskościom	farbiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskość	farbiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarskość	farbiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwach	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwa	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwa	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwa	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwa	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwami	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwem	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstw	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwie	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwo	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwo	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwo	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwom	farbiarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarstwu	farbiarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzach	farbiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzach	farbiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarza	farbiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarza	farbiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarza	farbiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarza	farbiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzami	farbiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzami	farbiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarze	farbiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarze	farbiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarze	farbiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarze	farbiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarze	farbiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarze	farbiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarze	farbiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarze	farbiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzem	farbiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzem	farbiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarz	farbiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarz	farbiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzom	farbiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzom	farbiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzowi	farbiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzowi	farbiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzów	farbiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzów	farbiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzu	farbiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzu	farbiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzu	farbiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzu	farbiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farbiarzy	farbiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiarzy	farbiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farbiczce	farbiczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczce	farbiczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczek	farbiczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczkach	farbiczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczka	farbiczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczkami	farbiczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczką	farbiczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczkę	farbiczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczki	farbiczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczki	farbiczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczki	farbiczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczki	farbiczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczko	farbiczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiczkom	farbiczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbcie	farbić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
farb	farbić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiąca	farbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbiącą	farbić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbiące	farbić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbiące	farbić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbiącego	farbić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbiącego	farbić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbiącej	farbić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbiącemu	farbić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbiąc	farbić	pcon:imperf		daw.
farbiąco	farbić	pacta		
farbiących	farbić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbiących	farbić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbiący	farbić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbiący	farbić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbiący	farbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbiącym	farbić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbiącym	farbić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbiącymi	farbić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbią	farbić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
farbicie	farbić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
farbić	farbić	inf:imperf		daw.
farbieniach	farbić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbienia	farbić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbienia	farbić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbieniami	farbić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbienie	farbić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbieniem	farbić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbieni	farbić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbieniom	farbić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farbieniu	farbić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbień	farbić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbię	farbić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
farbi	farbić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiliby	farbić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
farbilibyście	farbić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
farbilibyśmy	farbić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
farbili	farbić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
farbili	farbić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiliście	farbić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiliśmy	farbić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłaby	farbić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłabym	farbić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłabyś	farbić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiła	farbić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
farbiła	farbić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłam	farbić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłaś	farbić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiłby	farbić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłbym	farbić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłbyś	farbić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiłem	farbić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłeś	farbić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
farbił	farbić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
farbił	farbić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłoby	farbić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłobym	farbić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłobyś	farbić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiło	farbić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
farbiło	farbić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłom	farbić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiłoś	farbić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiłyby	farbić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłybyście	farbić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiłybyśmy	farbić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiły	farbić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
farbiły	farbić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
farbiłyście	farbić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
farbiłyśmy	farbić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
farbimy	farbić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
farbiona	farbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbioną	farbić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbione	farbić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbione	farbić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbionego	farbić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbionego	farbić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbionej	farbić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbionemu	farbić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbiono	farbić	imps:imperf		daw.
farbionych	farbić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbionych	farbić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbiony	farbić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbiony	farbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbionym	farbić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbionym	farbić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbionymi	farbić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbisz	farbić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
farbmy	farbić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
farbierniach	farbiernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernia	farbiernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierniami	farbiernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernią	farbiernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernie	farbiernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernie	farbiernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernie	farbiernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernię	farbiernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierni	farbiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
farbierni	farbiernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierni	farbiernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierni	farbiernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbiernio	farbiernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierniom	farbiernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierń	farbiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
farbierscy	farbierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbierska	farbierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
farbierską	farbierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
farbierską	farbierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
farbierskich	farbierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbierskich	farbierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbierskich	farbierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbierskie	farbierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbierskie	farbierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbierskie	farbierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierskie	farbierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierskiego	farbierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
farbierskiego	farbierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierskiej	farbierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
farbierskiej	farbierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
farbierskiej	farbierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
farbierskiemu	farbierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierski	farbierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
farbierski	farbierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
farbierskim	farbierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbierskim	farbierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierskim	farbierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbierskimi	farbierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbiersko	farbierski	adja		daw.
farbiersku	farbierski	adjp		daw.
farbiersko	farbiersko	adv:pos		daw.
farbierskościach	farbierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskościami	farbierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskością	farbierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskości	farbierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskościom	farbierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskość	farbierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierskość	farbierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwach	farbierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwa	farbierstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwa	farbierstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwa	farbierstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwa	farbierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwami	farbierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwem	farbierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstw	farbierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwie	farbierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwo	farbierstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwo	farbierstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwo	farbierstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwom	farbierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbierstwu	farbierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistościach	farbistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistościami	farbistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistością	farbistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistości	farbistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistościom	farbistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistość	farbistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbistość	farbistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbista	farbisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
farbistą	farbisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
farbistą	farbisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
farbiste	farbisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbiste	farbisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbiste	farbisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbiste	farbisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbistego	farbisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
farbistego	farbisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbistej	farbisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
farbistej	farbisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
farbistej	farbisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
farbistemu	farbisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbisto	farbisty	adja		daw.
farbistych	farbisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbistych	farbisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbistych	farbisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbisty	farbisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
farbisty	farbisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
farbistym	farbisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbistym	farbisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbistym	farbisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbistymi	farbisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbiści	farbisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbce	farbka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbce	farbka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbek	farbka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkach	farbka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbka	farbka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkami	farbka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbką	farbka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkę	farbka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbki	farbka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbki	farbka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbki	farbka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbki	farbka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbko	farbka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkom	farbka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkować	farbkować	inf:imperf		
farbkowaliby	farbkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbkowalibyście	farbkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbkowalibyśmy	farbkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbkowali	farbkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
farbkowali	farbkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbkowaliście	farbkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbkowaliśmy	farbkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbkowałaby	farbkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbkowałabym	farbkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbkowałabyś	farbkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbkowała	farbkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
farbkowała	farbkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbkowałam	farbkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbkowałaś	farbkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbkowałby	farbkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbkowałbym	farbkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbkowałbyś	farbkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbkowałem	farbkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbkowałeś	farbkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbkował	farbkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
farbkował	farbkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbkowałoby	farbkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbkowałobym	farbkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbkowałobyś	farbkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbkowało	farbkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
farbkowało	farbkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbkowałom	farbkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbkowałoś	farbkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbkowałyby	farbkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbkowałybyście	farbkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbkowałybyśmy	farbkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbkowały	farbkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
farbkowały	farbkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbkowałyście	farbkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbkowałyśmy	farbkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbkowana	farbkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbkowaną	farbkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbkowane	farbkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkowane	farbkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowanego	farbkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbkowanego	farbkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowanej	farbkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbkowanemu	farbkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowaniach	farbkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowania	farbkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowania	farbkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowaniami	farbkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowanie	farbkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowaniem	farbkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowani	farbkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbkowaniom	farbkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowaniu	farbkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowano	farbkować	imps:imperf		
farbkowanych	farbkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbkowanych	farbkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkowany	farbkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbkowany	farbkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbkowanym	farbkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkowanym	farbkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkowanymi	farbkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkowań	farbkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbkująca	farbkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbkującą	farbkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbkujące	farbkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkujące	farbkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkującego	farbkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbkującego	farbkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkującej	farbkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbkującemu	farbkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkując	farbkować	pcon:imperf		
farbkująco	farbkować	pacta		
farbkujących	farbkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbkujących	farbkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkujący	farbkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbkujący	farbkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbkujący	farbkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbkującym	farbkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkującym	farbkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbkującymi	farbkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbkują	farbkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
farbkujcie	farbkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
farbkujecie	farbkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
farbkuje	farbkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
farbkujemy	farbkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
farbkujesz	farbkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
farbkuję	farbkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
farbkuj	farbkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
farbkujmy	farbkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
farbkowościach	farbkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowościami	farbkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowością	farbkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowości	farbkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowościom	farbkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowość	farbkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowość	farbkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbkowa	farbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farbkową	farbkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farbkową	farbkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farbkowe	farbkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbkowe	farbkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbkowe	farbkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farbkowe	farbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farbkowego	farbkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farbkowego	farbkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbkowej	farbkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farbkowej	farbkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farbkowej	farbkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farbkowemu	farbkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbkowi	farbkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farbkowo	farbkowy	adja		
farbkowych	farbkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farbkowych	farbkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbkowych	farbkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbkowy	farbkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farbkowy	farbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farbkowym	farbkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbkowym	farbkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbkowym	farbkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbkowymi	farbkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbnościach	farbność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbnościami	farbność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbnością	farbność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbności	farbność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbnościom	farbność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbność	farbność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbność	farbność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbonce	farbonka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonce	farbonka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonek	farbonka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonkach	farbonka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonka	farbonka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonkami	farbonka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonką	farbonka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonkę	farbonka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonki	farbonka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonki	farbonka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonki	farbonka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonki	farbonka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonko	farbonka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbonkom	farbonka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
farbować	farbować:v1	inf:imperf		
farbowaliby	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbowalibyście	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbowalibyśmy	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbowali	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
farbowali	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbowaliście	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbowaliśmy	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbowałaby	farbować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbowałabym	farbować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbowałabyś	farbować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbowała	farbować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
farbowała	farbować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbowałam	farbować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbowałaś	farbować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbowałby	farbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbowałbym	farbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbowałbyś	farbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbowałem	farbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbowałeś	farbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbował	farbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
farbował	farbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbowałoby	farbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbowałobym	farbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbowałobyś	farbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbowało	farbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
farbowało	farbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbowałom	farbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbowałoś	farbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbowałyby	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbowałybyście	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbowałybyśmy	farbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbowały	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
farbowały	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbowałyście	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbowałyśmy	farbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbowana	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbowaną	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbowane	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowane	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanego	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbowanego	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanej	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbowanemu	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniach	farbować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowania	farbować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowania	farbować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniami	farbować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanie	farbować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniem	farbować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowani	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbowaniom	farbować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniu	farbować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowano	farbować:v1	imps:imperf		
farbowanych	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbowanych	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowany	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbowany	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbowanym	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowanym	farbować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanymi	farbować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowań	farbować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbująca	farbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbującą	farbować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbujące	farbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbujące	farbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującego	farbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbującego	farbować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującej	farbować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbującemu	farbować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbując	farbować:v1	pcon:imperf		
farbująco	farbować:v1	pacta		
farbujących	farbować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbujących	farbować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbującym	farbować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbującym	farbować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującymi	farbować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbują	farbować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
farbujcie	farbować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
farbujecie	farbować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
farbuje	farbować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
farbujemy	farbować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
farbujesz	farbować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
farbuję	farbować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
farbuj	farbować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
farbujmy	farbować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
farbować	farbować:v2	inf:imperf		
farbowaliby	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbowalibyście	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbowalibyśmy	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbowali	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
farbowali	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farbowaliście	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farbowaliśmy	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farbowałaby	farbować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbowałabym	farbować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbowałabyś	farbować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbowała	farbować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
farbowała	farbować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farbowałam	farbować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farbowałaś	farbować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farbowałby	farbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbowałbym	farbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbowałbyś	farbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbowałem	farbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farbowałeś	farbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farbował	farbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
farbował	farbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farbowałoby	farbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbowałobym	farbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbowałobyś	farbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbowało	farbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
farbowało	farbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farbowałom	farbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farbowałoś	farbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farbowałyby	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbowałybyście	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbowałybyśmy	farbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbowały	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
farbowały	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farbowałyście	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farbowałyśmy	farbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farbowana	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbowaną	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbowane	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowane	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanego	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbowanego	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanej	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbowanemu	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniach	farbować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowania	farbować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowania	farbować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniami	farbować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanie	farbować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniem	farbować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowani	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbowaniom	farbować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowaniu	farbować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farbowano	farbować:v2	imps:imperf		
farbowanych	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbowanych	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowany	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbowany	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbowanym	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowanym	farbować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbowanymi	farbować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbowań	farbować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farbująca	farbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farbującą	farbować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farbujące	farbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbujące	farbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującego	farbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farbującego	farbować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującej	farbować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farbującemu	farbować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbując	farbować:v2	pcon:imperf		
farbująco	farbować:v2	pacta		
farbujących	farbować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbujących	farbować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farbujący	farbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farbującym	farbować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbującym	farbować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farbującymi	farbować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farbują	farbować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
farbujcie	farbować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
farbujecie	farbować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
farbuje	farbować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
farbujemy	farbować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
farbujesz	farbować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
farbuję	farbować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
farbuj	farbować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
farbujmy	farbować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
farbowance	farbowanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowance	farbowanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanek	farbowanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowankach	farbowanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanka	farbowanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowankami	farbowanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanką	farbowanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowankę	farbowanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanki	farbowanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanki	farbowanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanki	farbowanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanki	farbowanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowanko	farbowanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowankom	farbowanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowikach	farbowik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowika	farbowik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowika	farbowik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowikami	farbowik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowik	farbowik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowikiem	farbowik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowiki	farbowik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowiki	farbowik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowiki	farbowik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowikom	farbowik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowikowi	farbowik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowików	farbowik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowiku	farbowik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbowiku	farbowik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farbownikach	farbownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownika	farbownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownikami	farbownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownik	farbownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownik	farbownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownikiem	farbownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowniki	farbownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowniki	farbownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowniki	farbownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownikom	farbownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownikowi	farbownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowników	farbownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowniku	farbownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbowniku	farbownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farbownościach	farbowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbownościami	farbowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbownością	farbowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowności	farbowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbownościom	farbowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowność	farbowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowność	farbowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farbowna	farbowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
farbowną	farbowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
farbowną	farbowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
farbowne	farbowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbowne	farbowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbowne	farbowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbowne	farbowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbownego	farbowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
farbownego	farbowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbownej	farbowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
farbownej	farbowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
farbownej	farbowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
farbownemu	farbowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbowni	farbowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbowno	farbowny	adja		daw.
farbownych	farbowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farbownych	farbowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbownych	farbowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbowny	farbowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
farbowny	farbowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
farbownym	farbowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbownym	farbowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbownym	farbowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farbownymi	farbowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farbowościach	farbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowościami	farbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowością	farbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowości	farbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowościom	farbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowość	farbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowość	farbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbowa	farbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farbową	farbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farbową	farbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farbowe	farbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbowe	farbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farbowe	farbowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farbowe	farbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farbowego	farbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farbowego	farbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbowej	farbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farbowej	farbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farbowej	farbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farbowemu	farbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbowi	farbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farbowo	farbowy	adja		
farbowych	farbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farbowych	farbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbowych	farbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbowy	farbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farbowy	farbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farbowym	farbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbowym	farbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbowym	farbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farbowymi	farbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farbówce	farbówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówce	farbówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówek	farbówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówkach	farbówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówka	farbówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówkami	farbówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówką	farbówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówkę	farbówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówki	farbówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówki	farbówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówki	farbówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówki	farbówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówko	farbówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farbówkom	farbówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarach	farciara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciara	farciara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarami	farciara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarą	farciara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarę	farciara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciar	farciara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciaro	farciara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarom	farciara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciary	farciara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciary	farciara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciary	farciara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciary	farciara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzach	farciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzach	farciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarza	farciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarza	farciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarza	farciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarza	farciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzami	farciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzami	farciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarze	farciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarze	farciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarze	farciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarze	farciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarze	farciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzem	farciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzem	farciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarz	farciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarz	farciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzom	farciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzom	farciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzowi	farciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzowi	farciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzów	farciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzów	farciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzu	farciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzu	farciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzu	farciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzu	farciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farciarzy	farciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farciarzy	farciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farelce	farelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelce	farelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelek	farelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelkach	farelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelka	farelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelkami	farelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelką	farelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelkę	farelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelki	farelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelki	farelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelki	farelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelki	farelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelko	farelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farelkom	farelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerscy	farerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farerska	farerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farerską	farerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farerską	farerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farerskich	farerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farerskich	farerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farerskich	farerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farerskie	farerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farerskie	farerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farerskie	farerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farerskie	farerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farerskiego	farerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farerskiego	farerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farerskiej	farerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farerskiej	farerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farerskiej	farerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farerskiemu	farerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farerski	farerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farerski	farerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farerskim	farerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farerskim	farerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farerskim	farerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farerskimi	farerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farersko	farerski	adja		
farersku	farerski	adjp		
farersko	farersko	adv:pos		
farerskościach	farerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskościami	farerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskością	farerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskości	farerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskościom	farerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskość	farerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farerskość	farerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farfocel	farfocel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocel	farfocel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclach	farfocel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocla	farfocel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclami	farfocel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocle	farfocel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocle	farfocel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocle	farfocel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclem	farfocel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfocli	farfocel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclom	farfocel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclowi	farfocel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclów	farfocel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclu	farfocel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfoclu	farfocel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farfurach	farfur	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurami	farfur	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurem	farfur	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfur	farfur	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfur	farfur	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurom	farfur	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowi	farfur	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurów	farfur	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfuru	farfur	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfur	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfur	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfur	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurze	farfur	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurze	farfur	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurach	farfura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfura	farfura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurami	farfura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurą	farfura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurę	farfura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfur	farfura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfuro	farfura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurom	farfura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfury	farfura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurze	farfura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurze	farfura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurce	farfurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurce	farfurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurek	farfurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurkach	farfurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurka	farfurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurkami	farfurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurką	farfurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurkę	farfurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurki	farfurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurki	farfurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurki	farfurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurki	farfurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurko	farfurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurkom	farfurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurniach	farfurnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnia	farfurnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurniami	farfurnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnią	farfurnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnie	farfurnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnie	farfurnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnie	farfurnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnię	farfurnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurni	farfurnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
farfurni	farfurnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurni	farfurnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurni	farfurnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurnio	farfurnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurniom	farfurnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurń	farfurnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
farfurowościach	farfurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowościami	farfurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowością	farfurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowości	farfurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowościom	farfurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowość	farfurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowość	farfurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farfurowa	farfurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
farfurową	farfurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
farfurową	farfurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
farfurowe	farfurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farfurowe	farfurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farfurowe	farfurowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowe	farfurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowego	farfurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
farfurowego	farfurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowej	farfurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
farfurowej	farfurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
farfurowej	farfurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
farfurowemu	farfurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowi	farfurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farfurowo	farfurowy	adja		daw.
farfurowych	farfurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farfurowych	farfurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farfurowych	farfurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farfurowy	farfurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
farfurowy	farfurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
farfurowym	farfurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farfurowym	farfurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowym	farfurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farfurowymi	farfurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farmach	farma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farma	farma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmami	farma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmą	farma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmę	farma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farm	farma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmie	farma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmie	farma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmo	farma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmom	farma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmy	farma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmy	farma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmy	farma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmy	farma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceucie	farmaceuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceucie	farmaceuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuci	farmaceuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuci	farmaceuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutach	farmaceuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuta	farmaceuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutami	farmaceuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutą	farmaceuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutę	farmaceuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuto	farmaceuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutom	farmaceuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutów	farmaceuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutów	farmaceuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuty	farmaceuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuty	farmaceuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceuty	farmaceuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutce	farmaceutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutce	farmaceutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutek	farmaceutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutkach	farmaceutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutka	farmaceutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutkami	farmaceutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutką	farmaceutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutkę	farmaceutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutki	farmaceutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutki	farmaceutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutki	farmaceutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutki	farmaceutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutko	farmaceutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutkom	farmaceutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutycznościach	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutycznościami	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutycznością	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczności	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutycznościom	farmaceutyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczność	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczność	farmaceutyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyczna	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmaceutyczną	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmaceutyczną	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmaceutyczne	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutyczne	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutyczne	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutyczne	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutycznego	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmaceutycznego	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutycznej	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmaceutycznej	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmaceutycznej	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmaceutycznemu	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutyczni	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmaceutyczno	farmaceutyczny	adja		
farmaceutycznych	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmaceutycznych	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutycznych	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutyczny	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmaceutyczny	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmaceutycznym	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutycznym	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutycznym	farmaceutyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmaceutycznymi	farmaceutyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmaceutykach	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykami	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyk	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyk	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykiem	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykom	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykowi	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyków	farmaceutyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyku	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyku	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyku	farmaceutyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyce	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyce	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykach	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyka	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykami	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyką	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykę	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyk	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyki	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutyko	farmaceutyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmaceutykom	farmaceutyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacjach	farmacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacja	farmacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacjami	farmacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacją	farmacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacje	farmacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacje	farmacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacje	farmacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmację	farmacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacji	farmacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmacji	farmacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacji	farmacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacji	farmacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacjo	farmacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacjom	farmacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmacyj	farmacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmacy	farmak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmacy	farmak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakach	farmak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaka	farmak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaka	farmak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakami	farmak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmak	farmak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakiem	farmak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaki	farmak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaki	farmak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakom	farmak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakowi	farmak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaków	farmak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaków	farmak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaku	farmak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmaku	farmak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	żart.
farmakodynamicznościach	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamicznościami	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamicznością	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczności	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamicznościom	farmakodynamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczność	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczność	farmakodynamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiczna	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmakodynamiczną	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmakodynamiczną	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmakodynamiczne	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamiczne	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamiczne	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamiczne	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamicznego	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmakodynamicznego	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamicznej	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmakodynamicznej	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmakodynamicznej	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmakodynamicznemu	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamiczni	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakodynamiczno	farmakodynamiczny	adja		
farmakodynamicznych	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakodynamicznych	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamicznych	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamiczny	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmakodynamiczny	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmakodynamicznym	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamicznym	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamicznym	farmakodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakodynamicznymi	farmakodynamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakodynamice	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamice	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamikach	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamika	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamikami	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiką	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamikę	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamik	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiki	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiki	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiki	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiki	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamiko	farmakodynamika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakodynamikom	farmakodynamika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostach	farmakognosta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognosta	farmakognosta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostami	farmakognosta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostą	farmakognosta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostę	farmakognosta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognosto	farmakognosta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostom	farmakognosta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostów	farmakognosta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostów	farmakognosta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognosty	farmakognosta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognosty	farmakognosta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognosty	farmakognosta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognoście	farmakognosta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognoście	farmakognosta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakogności	farmakognosta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakogności	farmakognosta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostycznościach	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostycznościami	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostycznością	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczności	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostycznościom	farmakognostyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczność	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczność	farmakognostyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognostyczna	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmakognostyczną	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmakognostyczną	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmakognostyczne	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognostyczne	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognostyczne	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostyczne	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostycznego	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmakognostycznego	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostycznej	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmakognostycznej	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmakognostycznej	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmakognostycznemu	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostyczni	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakognostyczno	farmakognostyczny	adja		
farmakognostycznych	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakognostycznych	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognostycznych	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognostyczny	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmakognostyczny	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmakognostycznym	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognostycznym	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostycznym	farmakognostyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakognostycznymi	farmakognostyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakognozjach	farmakognozja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozja	farmakognozja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozjami	farmakognozja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozją	farmakognozja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozje	farmakognozja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozje	farmakognozja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozje	farmakognozja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozję	farmakognozja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozji	farmakognozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmakognozji	farmakognozja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozji	farmakognozja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozji	farmakognozja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozjo	farmakognozja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozjom	farmakognozja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakognozyj	farmakognozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmakokinetyce	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyce	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetykach	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyka	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetykami	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyką	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetykę	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyk	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyki	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyki	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyki	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyki	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetyko	farmakokinetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakokinetykom	farmakokinetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakolodzy	farmakolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakolodzy	farmakolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologach	farmakolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologa	farmakolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologa	farmakolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologami	farmakolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakolog	farmakolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiem	farmakolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologi	farmakolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologi	farmakolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologom	farmakolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologowie	farmakolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologowie	farmakolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologowi	farmakolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologów	farmakolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologów	farmakolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologu	farmakolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologu	farmakolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiach	farmakologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologia	farmakologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiami	farmakologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologią	farmakologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologie	farmakologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologie	farmakologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologie	farmakologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologię	farmakologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologii	farmakologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmakologii	farmakologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologii	farmakologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologii	farmakologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologij	farmakologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmakologio	farmakologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiom	farmakologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologicznie	farmakologicznie	adv:pos		
farmakologicznościach	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologicznościami	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologicznością	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczności	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologicznościom	farmakologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczność	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczność	farmakologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakologiczna	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmakologiczną	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmakologiczną	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmakologiczne	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakologiczne	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakologiczne	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakologiczne	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakologicznego	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmakologicznego	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakologicznej	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmakologicznej	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmakologicznej	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmakologicznemu	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakologiczni	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakologiczno	farmakologiczny	adja		
farmakologicznych	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakologicznych	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakologicznych	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakologiczny	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmakologiczny	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmakologicznym	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakologicznym	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakologicznym	farmakologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakologicznymi	farmakologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakomaniach	farmakomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomania	farmakomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomaniami	farmakomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanią	farmakomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanie	farmakomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanie	farmakomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanie	farmakomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanię	farmakomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanii	farmakomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmakomanii	farmakomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanii	farmakomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanii	farmakomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomanij	farmakomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmakomanio	farmakomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakomaniom	farmakomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeach	farmakopea	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopea	farmakopea	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeami	farmakopea	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeą	farmakopea	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopee	farmakopea	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopee	farmakopea	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopee	farmakopea	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeę	farmakopea	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopei	farmakopea	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopei	farmakopea	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopei	farmakopea	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopei	farmakopea	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeo	farmakopea	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopeom	farmakopea	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealnościach	farmakopealność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealnościami	farmakopealność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealnością	farmakopealność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealności	farmakopealność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealnościom	farmakopealność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealność	farmakopealność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealność	farmakopealność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakopealna	farmakopealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmakopealną	farmakopealny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmakopealną	farmakopealny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmakopealne	farmakopealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakopealne	farmakopealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmakopealne	farmakopealny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealne	farmakopealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealnego	farmakopealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmakopealnego	farmakopealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealnej	farmakopealny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmakopealnej	farmakopealny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmakopealnej	farmakopealny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmakopealnemu	farmakopealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealni	farmakopealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakopealno	farmakopealny	adja		
farmakopealnych	farmakopealny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmakopealnych	farmakopealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakopealnych	farmakopealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakopealny	farmakopealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmakopealny	farmakopealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmakopealnym	farmakopealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakopealnym	farmakopealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealnym	farmakopealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmakopealnymi	farmakopealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmakoterapiach	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapia	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapiami	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapią	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapie	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapie	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapie	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapię	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapii	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmakoterapii	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapii	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapii	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapij	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmakoterapio	farmakoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmakoterapiom	farmakoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonach	farmazon	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazona	farmazon	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazona	farmazon	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonami	farmazon	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonem	farmazon	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazon	farmazon	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonie	farmazon	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonie	farmazon	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazoni	farmazon	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazoni	farmazon	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonom	farmazon	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonowi	farmazon	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonów	farmazon	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonów	farmazon	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmazony	farmazon	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmazony	farmazon	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmazoniach	farmazonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonia	farmazonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazoniami	farmazonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonią	farmazonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonie	farmazonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonie	farmazonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonie	farmazonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonię	farmazonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonii	farmazonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmazonii	farmazonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonii	farmazonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonii	farmazonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonij	farmazonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farmazonio	farmazonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazoniom	farmazonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazonach	farmazony	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazonami	farmazony	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazonom	farmazony	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazonów	farmazony	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazony	farmazony	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazony	farmazony	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazony	farmazony	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farmazońscy	farmazoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmazońska	farmazoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmazońską	farmazoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmazońską	farmazoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmazońskich	farmazoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmazońskich	farmazoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońskich	farmazoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońskie	farmazoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońskie	farmazoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońskie	farmazoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmazońskie	farmazoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmazońskiego	farmazoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmazońskiego	farmazoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmazońskiej	farmazoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmazońskiej	farmazoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmazońskiej	farmazoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmazońskiemu	farmazoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmazoński	farmazoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmazoński	farmazoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmazońskim	farmazoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońskim	farmazoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmazońskim	farmazoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmazońskimi	farmazoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmazońsko	farmazoński	adja		
farmazońsku	farmazoński	adjp		
farmazońsko	farmazońsko	adv:pos		
farmazońskościach	farmazońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskościami	farmazońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskością	farmazońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskości	farmazońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskościom	farmazońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskość	farmazońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmazońskość	farmazońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerach	farmer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmera	farmer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmera	farmer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerami	farmer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerem	farmer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmer	farmer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerom	farmer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerowi	farmer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerów	farmer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerów	farmer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmery	farmer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmery	farmer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerze	farmer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerze	farmer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerzy	farmer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerzy	farmer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farmerce	farmerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerce	farmerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerek	farmerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkach	farmerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerka	farmerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkami	farmerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerką	farmerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkę	farmerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerko	farmerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkom	farmerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerek	farmerki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkach	farmerki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkami	farmerki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerki	farmerki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerkom	farmerki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
farmerscy	farmerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farmerska	farmerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farmerską	farmerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farmerską	farmerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farmerskich	farmerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farmerskich	farmerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmerskich	farmerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmerskie	farmerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmerskie	farmerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farmerskie	farmerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farmerskie	farmerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farmerskiego	farmerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farmerskiego	farmerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmerskiej	farmerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farmerskiej	farmerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farmerskiej	farmerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farmerskiemu	farmerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmerski	farmerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farmerski	farmerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farmerskim	farmerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmerskim	farmerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmerskim	farmerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farmerskimi	farmerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farmersko	farmerski	adja		
farmersku	farmerski	adjp		
farmersko	farmersko	adv:pos		
farmerskościach	farmerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskościami	farmerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskością	farmerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskości	farmerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskościom	farmerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskość	farmerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerskość	farmerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwach	farmerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwa	farmerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwa	farmerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwa	farmerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwa	farmerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwami	farmerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwem	farmerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstw	farmerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwie	farmerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwo	farmerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwo	farmerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwo	farmerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwom	farmerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmerstwu	farmerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacjach	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacja	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacjami	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacją	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacje	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacje	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacje	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzację	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacji	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
farmeryzacji	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacji	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacji	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacjo	farmeryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacjom	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farmeryzacyj	farmeryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
farnościach	farność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farnościami	farność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farnością	farność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farności	farność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farnościom	farność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farność	farność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farność	farność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farna	farny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farną	farny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farną	farny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farne	farny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farne	farny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farne	farny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farne	farny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farnego	farny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farnego	farny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farnej	farny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farnej	farny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farnej	farny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farnemu	farny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farni	farny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farno	farny	adja		
farnych	farny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farnych	farny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farnych	farny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farny	farny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farny	farny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farnym	farny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farnym	farny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farnym	farny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farnymi	farny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farosiczek	farosiczek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkach	farosiczek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczka	farosiczek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczka	farosiczek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkami	farosiczek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkiem	farosiczek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczki	farosiczek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczki	farosiczek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkom	farosiczek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkowie	farosiczek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkowie	farosiczek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczkowi	farosiczek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczków	farosiczek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczków	farosiczek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczku	farosiczek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosiczku	farosiczek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosikach	farosik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosika	farosik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosika	farosik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikami	farosik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosik	farosik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikiem	farosik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosiki	farosik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosiki	farosik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikom	farosik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikowie	farosik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikowie	farosik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosikowi	farosik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosików	farosik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosików	farosik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosiku	farosik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
farosiku	farosik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
faroszach	farosz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosza	farosz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosza	farosz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszami	farosz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosze	farosz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farosze	farosz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farosze	farosz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosze	farosz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszem	farosz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farosz	farosz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszom	farosz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszowi	farosz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszów	farosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszów	farosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszu	farosz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszu	farosz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszy	farosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszy	farosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszek	faroszek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkach	faroszek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszka	faroszek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszka	faroszek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkami	faroszek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkiem	faroszek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszki	faroszek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faroszki	faroszek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkom	faroszek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkowie	faroszek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkowie	faroszek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszkowi	faroszek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszków	faroszek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszków	faroszek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszku	faroszek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faroszku	faroszek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsach	farsa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsa	farsa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsami	farsa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsą	farsa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsę	farsa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fars	farsa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsie	farsa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsie	farsa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farso	farsa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsom	farsa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsy	farsa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsy	farsa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsy	farsa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsy	farsa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetce	farsetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetce	farsetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetek	farsetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetkach	farsetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetka	farsetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetkami	farsetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetką	farsetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetkę	farsetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetki	farsetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetki	farsetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetki	farsetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetki	farsetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetko	farsetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsetkom	farsetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsi	farsi	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
farsiarzach	farsiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzach	farsiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarza	farsiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarza	farsiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarza	farsiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarza	farsiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzami	farsiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzami	farsiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarze	farsiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarze	farsiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarze	farsiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarze	farsiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarze	farsiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarze	farsiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarze	farsiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarze	farsiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzem	farsiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzem	farsiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarz	farsiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarz	farsiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzom	farsiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzom	farsiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzowi	farsiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzowi	farsiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzów	farsiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzów	farsiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzu	farsiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzu	farsiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzu	farsiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzu	farsiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsiarzy	farsiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiarzy	farsiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsideł	farsidło	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidle	farsidło	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidłach	farsidło	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidła	farsidło	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidła	farsidło	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidła	farsidło	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidła	farsidło	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidłami	farsidło	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidłem	farsidło	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidło	farsidło	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidło	farsidło	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidło	farsidło	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidłom	farsidło	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsidłu	farsidło	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsistach	farsista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsista	farsista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistami	farsista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistą	farsista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistę	farsista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsisto	farsista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistom	farsista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistów	farsista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsistów	farsista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsisty	farsista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsisty	farsista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsisty	farsista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiście	farsista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiście	farsista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiści	farsista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsiści	farsista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farscy	farski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farska	farski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
farską	farski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
farską	farski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
farskich	farski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
farskich	farski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farskich	farski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farskie	farski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farskie	farski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farskie	farski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farskie	farski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
farskiego	farski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
farskiego	farski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farskiej	farski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
farskiej	farski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
farskiej	farski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
farskiemu	farski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farski	farski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
farski	farski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
farskim	farski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farskim	farski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farskim	farski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
farskimi	farski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
farsko	farski	adja		daw.
farsku	farski	adjp		daw.
farsko	farsko	adv:pos		daw.
farskościach	farskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskościami	farskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskością	farskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskości	farskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskościom	farskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskość	farskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farskość	farskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farsopisarstwach	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwa	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwa	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwa	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwa	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwami	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwem	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstw	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwie	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwo	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwo	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwo	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwom	farsopisarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarstwu	farsopisarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzach	farsopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzach	farsopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarza	farsopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarza	farsopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarza	farsopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarza	farsopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzami	farsopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzami	farsopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarze	farsopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzem	farsopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzem	farsopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarz	farsopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarz	farsopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzom	farsopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzom	farsopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzowi	farsopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzowi	farsopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzów	farsopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzów	farsopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzu	farsopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzu	farsopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzu	farsopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzu	farsopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
farsopisarzy	farsopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsopisarzy	farsopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farsowo	farsowo	adv:pos		
farsowościach	farsowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowościami	farsowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowością	farsowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowości	farsowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowościom	farsowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowość	farsowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowość	farsowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farsowa	farsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farsową	farsowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farsową	farsowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farsowe	farsowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farsowe	farsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farsowe	farsowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farsowe	farsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farsowego	farsowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farsowego	farsowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farsowej	farsowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farsowej	farsowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farsowej	farsowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farsowemu	farsowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farsowi	farsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farsowo	farsowy	adja		
farsowych	farsowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farsowych	farsowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farsowych	farsowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farsowy	farsowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farsowy	farsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farsowym	farsowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farsowym	farsowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farsowym	farsowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farsowymi	farsowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farszach	farsz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszami	farsz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farsze	farsz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farsze	farsz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farsze	farsz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszem	farsz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farsz	farsz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farsz	farsz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszom	farsz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszowi	farsz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszów	farsz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszu	farsz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszu	farsz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszu	farsz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszy	farsz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farszować	farszować	inf:imperf		
farszowaliby	farszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farszowalibyście	farszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farszowalibyśmy	farszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farszowali	farszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
farszowali	farszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farszowaliście	farszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farszowaliśmy	farszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farszowałaby	farszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farszowałabym	farszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farszowałabyś	farszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farszowała	farszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
farszowała	farszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farszowałam	farszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farszowałaś	farszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farszowałby	farszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farszowałbym	farszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farszowałbyś	farszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farszowałem	farszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farszowałeś	farszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farszował	farszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
farszował	farszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farszowałoby	farszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farszowałobym	farszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farszowałobyś	farszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farszowało	farszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
farszowało	farszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farszowałom	farszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farszowałoś	farszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farszowałyby	farszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farszowałybyście	farszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farszowałybyśmy	farszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farszowały	farszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
farszowały	farszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farszowałyście	farszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farszowałyśmy	farszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farszowana	farszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farszowaną	farszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farszowane	farszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszowane	farszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszowanego	farszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farszowanego	farszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszowanej	farszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farszowanemu	farszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszowaniach	farszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowania	farszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowania	farszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowaniami	farszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowanie	farszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowaniem	farszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowani	farszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farszowaniom	farszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowaniu	farszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farszowano	farszować	imps:imperf		
farszowanych	farszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farszowanych	farszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszowany	farszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farszowany	farszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farszowanym	farszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszowanym	farszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszowanymi	farszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszowań	farszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farszująca	farszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farszującą	farszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farszujące	farszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszujące	farszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszującego	farszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farszującego	farszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszującej	farszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farszującemu	farszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszując	farszować	pcon:imperf		
farszująco	farszować	pacta		
farszujących	farszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farszujących	farszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszujący	farszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farszujący	farszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farszujący	farszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farszującym	farszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszującym	farszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farszującymi	farszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farszują	farszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
farszujcie	farszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
farszujecie	farszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
farszuje	farszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
farszujemy	farszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
farszujesz	farszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
farszuję	farszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
farszuj	farszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
farszujmy	farszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
farszowościach	farszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowościami	farszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowością	farszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowości	farszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowościom	farszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowość	farszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowość	farszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farszowa	farszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farszową	farszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farszową	farszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farszowe	farszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farszowe	farszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farszowe	farszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farszowe	farszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farszowego	farszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farszowego	farszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farszowej	farszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farszowej	farszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farszowej	farszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farszowemu	farszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farszowi	farszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farszowo	farszowy	adja		
farszowych	farszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farszowych	farszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farszowych	farszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farszowy	farszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farszowy	farszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farszowym	farszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farszowym	farszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farszowym	farszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farszowymi	farszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farcie	fart	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farcie	fart	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farcie	fart	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farcie	fart	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartach	fart	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartach	fart	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farta	fart	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farta	fart	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartami	fart	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartami	fart	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartem	fart	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartem	fart	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fart	fart	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fart	fart	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fart	fart	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartom	fart	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartom	fart	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartowi	fart	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartowi	fart	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartów	fart	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartów	fart	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartu	fart	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
farty	fart	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fartować	fartować	inf:imperf		rzad.
fartowaliby	fartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowalibyście	fartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowalibyśmy	fartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowali	fartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
fartowali	fartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowaliście	fartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowaliśmy	fartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałaby	fartować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałabym	fartować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałabyś	fartować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowała	fartować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
fartowała	fartować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałam	fartować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałaś	fartować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowałby	fartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałbym	fartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałbyś	fartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowałem	fartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałeś	fartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartował	fartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
fartował	fartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałoby	fartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałobym	fartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałobyś	fartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowało	fartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
fartowało	fartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałom	fartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowałoś	fartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowałyby	fartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałybyście	fartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowałybyśmy	fartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowały	fartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
fartowały	fartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartowałyście	fartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartowałyśmy	fartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartowana	fartować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fartowaną	fartować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fartowane	fartować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartowane	fartować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartowanego	fartować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fartowanego	fartować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartowanej	fartować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fartowanemu	fartować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartowaniach	fartować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowania	fartować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowania	fartować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowaniami	fartować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowanie	fartować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowaniem	fartować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowani	fartować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fartowaniom	fartować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowaniu	fartować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fartowano	fartować	imps:imperf		rzad.
fartowanych	fartować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fartowanych	fartować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartowany	fartować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fartowany	fartować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fartowanym	fartować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartowanym	fartować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartowanymi	fartować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartowań	fartować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fartująca	fartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fartującą	fartować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fartujące	fartować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartujące	fartować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartującego	fartować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fartującego	fartować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartującej	fartować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fartującemu	fartować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartując	fartować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
fartująco	fartować	pacta		
fartujących	fartować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fartujących	fartować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartujący	fartować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fartujący	fartować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fartujący	fartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fartującym	fartować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartującym	fartować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fartującymi	fartować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fartują	fartować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartujcie	fartować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartujecie	fartować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartuje	fartować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
fartujemy	fartować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartujesz	fartować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartuję	fartować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartuj	fartować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
fartujmy	fartować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
fartownie	fartownie	adv:pos		
fartownościach	fartowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartownościami	fartowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartownością	fartowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowności	fartowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartownościom	fartowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowność	fartowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowność	fartowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartowna	fartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fartowną	fartowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fartowną	fartowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fartowne	fartowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartowne	fartowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartowne	fartowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fartowne	fartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fartownego	fartowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fartownego	fartowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartownej	fartowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fartownej	fartowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fartownej	fartowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fartownemu	fartowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartowni	fartowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fartowno	fartowny	adja		
fartownych	fartowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fartownych	fartowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartownych	fartowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartowny	fartowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fartowny	fartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fartownym	fartowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartownym	fartowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartownym	fartowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartownymi	fartowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchach	fartuch	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartucha	fartuch	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchami	fartuch	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchem	fartuch	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuch	fartuch	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuch	fartuch	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchom	fartuch	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowi	fartuch	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchów	fartuch	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchu	fartuch	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchu	fartuch	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchy	fartuch	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchy	fartuch	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchy	fartuch	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowościach	fartuchowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowościami	fartuchowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowością	fartuchowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowości	fartuchowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowościom	fartuchowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowość	fartuchowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowość	fartuchowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchowa	fartuchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fartuchową	fartuchowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fartuchową	fartuchowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fartuchowe	fartuchowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchowe	fartuchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchowe	fartuchowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowe	fartuchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowego	fartuchowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fartuchowego	fartuchowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowej	fartuchowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fartuchowej	fartuchowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fartuchowej	fartuchowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fartuchowemu	fartuchowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowi	fartuchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fartuchowo	fartuchowy	adja		
fartuchowych	fartuchowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fartuchowych	fartuchowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchowych	fartuchowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchowy	fartuchowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fartuchowy	fartuchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fartuchowym	fartuchowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchowym	fartuchowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowym	fartuchowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuchowymi	fartuchowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuchówce	fartuchówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówce	fartuchówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówek	fartuchówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówkach	fartuchówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówka	fartuchówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówkami	fartuchówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówką	fartuchówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówkę	fartuchówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówki	fartuchówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówki	fartuchówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówki	fartuchówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówki	fartuchówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówko	fartuchówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuchówkom	fartuchówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszek	fartuszek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszek	fartuszek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkach	fartuszek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszka	fartuszek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkami	fartuszek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkiem	fartuszek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszki	fartuszek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszki	fartuszek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszki	fartuszek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkom	fartuszek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowi	fartuszek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszków	fartuszek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszku	fartuszek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszku	fartuszek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowościach	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowościami	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowością	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowości	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowościom	fartuszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowość	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowość	fartuszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszkowa	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fartuszkową	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fartuszkową	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fartuszkowe	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszkowe	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszkowe	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowe	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowego	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fartuszkowego	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowej	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fartuszkowej	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fartuszkowej	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fartuszkowemu	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowi	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fartuszkowo	fartuszkowy	adja		
fartuszkowych	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fartuszkowych	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszkowych	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszkowy	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fartuszkowy	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fartuszkowym	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszkowym	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowym	fartuszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fartuszkowymi	fartuszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fartuszynach	fartuszyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyna	fartuszyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszynami	fartuszyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyną	fartuszyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszynę	fartuszyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyn	fartuszyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszynie	fartuszyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszynie	fartuszyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyno	fartuszyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszynom	fartuszyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyny	fartuszyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyny	fartuszyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyny	fartuszyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fartuszyny	fartuszyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterach	farwater	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterami	farwater	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterem	farwater	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwater	farwater	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwater	farwater	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterom	farwater	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowi	farwater	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterów	farwater	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwateru	farwater	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwatery	farwater	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwatery	farwater	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwatery	farwater	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterze	farwater	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterze	farwater	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowościach	farwaterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowościami	farwaterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowością	farwaterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowości	farwaterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowościom	farwaterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowość	farwaterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowość	farwaterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
farwaterowa	farwaterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
farwaterową	farwaterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
farwaterową	farwaterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
farwaterowe	farwaterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farwaterowe	farwaterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
farwaterowe	farwaterowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowe	farwaterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowego	farwaterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
farwaterowego	farwaterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowej	farwaterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
farwaterowej	farwaterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
farwaterowej	farwaterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
farwaterowemu	farwaterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowi	farwaterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
farwaterowo	farwaterowy	adja		
farwaterowych	farwaterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
farwaterowych	farwaterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farwaterowych	farwaterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farwaterowy	farwaterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
farwaterowy	farwaterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
farwaterowym	farwaterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farwaterowym	farwaterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowym	farwaterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
farwaterowymi	farwaterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
farynach	faryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryna	faryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farynami	faryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryną	faryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farynę	faryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryn	faryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farynie	faryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farynie	faryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryno	faryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
farynom	faryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryny	faryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryny	faryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryny	faryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryny	faryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarscy	faryniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faryniarska	faryniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
faryniarską	faryniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
faryniarską	faryniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
faryniarskich	faryniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faryniarskich	faryniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarskich	faryniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarskie	faryniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarskie	faryniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarskie	faryniarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarskie	faryniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarskiego	faryniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
faryniarskiego	faryniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarskiej	faryniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
faryniarskiej	faryniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
faryniarskiej	faryniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
faryniarskiemu	faryniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarski	faryniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
faryniarski	faryniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
faryniarskim	faryniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarskim	faryniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarskim	faryniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faryniarskimi	faryniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faryniarsko	faryniarski	adja		przest.
faryniarsku	faryniarski	adjp		przest.
faryniarsko	faryniarsko	adv:pos		
faryniarskościach	faryniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskościami	faryniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskością	faryniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskości	faryniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskościom	faryniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskość	faryniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarskość	faryniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faryniarzach	faryniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzach	faryniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarza	faryniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarza	faryniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarza	faryniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarza	faryniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzami	faryniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzami	faryniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarze	faryniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarze	faryniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarze	faryniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarze	faryniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarze	faryniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarze	faryniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarze	faryniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarze	faryniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzem	faryniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzem	faryniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarz	faryniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarz	faryniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzom	faryniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzom	faryniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzowi	faryniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzowi	faryniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzów	faryniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzów	faryniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzu	faryniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzu	faryniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzu	faryniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzu	faryniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
faryniarzy	faryniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faryniarzy	faryniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
farysach	farys	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysa	farys	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysa	farys	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysami	farys	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysem	farys	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farys	farys	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysie	farys	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysie	farys	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysi	farys	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysi	farys	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysom	farys	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysowie	farys	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysowie	farys	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysowi	farys	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysów	farys	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysów	farys	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
farysy	farys	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farysy	farys	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwach	farysostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwa	farysostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwa	farysostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwa	farysostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwa	farysostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwami	farysostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwem	farysostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostw	farysostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwie	farysostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwo	farysostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwo	farysostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwo	farysostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwom	farysostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysostwu	farysostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
farysować	farysować	inf:imperf		
farysowaliby	farysować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farysowalibyście	farysować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farysowalibyśmy	farysować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farysowali	farysować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
farysowali	farysować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
farysowaliście	farysować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
farysowaliśmy	farysować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
farysowałaby	farysować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farysowałabym	farysować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farysowałabyś	farysować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farysowała	farysować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
farysowała	farysować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
farysowałam	farysować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
farysowałaś	farysować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
farysowałby	farysować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farysowałbym	farysować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farysowałbyś	farysować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farysowałem	farysować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
farysowałeś	farysować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
farysował	farysować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
farysował	farysować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
farysowałoby	farysować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farysowałobym	farysować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farysowałobyś	farysować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farysowało	farysować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
farysowało	farysować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
farysowałom	farysować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
farysowałoś	farysować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
farysowałyby	farysować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farysowałybyście	farysować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farysowałybyśmy	farysować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farysowały	farysować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
farysowały	farysować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
farysowałyście	farysować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
farysowałyśmy	farysować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
farysowaniach	farysować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowania	farysować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowania	farysować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowaniami	farysować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowanie	farysować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowaniem	farysować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowaniom	farysować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowaniu	farysować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
farysowano	farysować	imps:imperf		
farysowań	farysować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
farysująca	farysować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
farysującą	farysować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
farysujące	farysować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farysujące	farysować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farysującego	farysować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
farysującego	farysować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farysującej	farysować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
farysującemu	farysować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farysując	farysować	pcon:imperf		
farysująco	farysować	pacta		
farysujących	farysować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farysujących	farysować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farysujący	farysować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
farysujący	farysować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
farysujący	farysować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
farysującym	farysować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farysującym	farysować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
farysującymi	farysować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
farysują	farysować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
farysujcie	farysować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
farysujecie	farysować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
farysuje	farysować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
farysujemy	farysować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
farysujesz	farysować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
farysuję	farysować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
farysuj	farysować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
farysujmy	farysować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faryzeizmach	faryzeizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmami	faryzeizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmem	faryzeizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizm	faryzeizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizm	faryzeizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmie	faryzeizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmie	faryzeizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmom	faryzeizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmowi	faryzeizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmów	faryzeizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmu	faryzeizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmy	faryzeizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmy	faryzeizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeizmy	faryzeizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejscy	faryzejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzejska	faryzejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faryzejską	faryzejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faryzejską	faryzejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faryzejskich	faryzejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzejskich	faryzejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejskich	faryzejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejskie	faryzejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejskie	faryzejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejskie	faryzejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzejskie	faryzejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzejskiego	faryzejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faryzejskiego	faryzejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzejskiej	faryzejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faryzejskiej	faryzejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faryzejskiej	faryzejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faryzejskiemu	faryzejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzejski	faryzejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faryzejski	faryzejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faryzejskim	faryzejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejskim	faryzejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzejskim	faryzejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzejskimi	faryzejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzejsko	faryzejski	adja		
faryzejsku	faryzejski	adjp		
faryzejsko	faryzejsko	adv:pos		
faryzejskościach	faryzejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskościami	faryzejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskością	faryzejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskości	faryzejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskościom	faryzejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskość	faryzejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejskość	faryzejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwach	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwa	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwa	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwa	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwa	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwami	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwem	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstw	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwie	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwo	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwo	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwo	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwom	faryzejstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzejstwu	faryzejstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszach	faryzeusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusza	faryzeusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusza	faryzeusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszami	faryzeusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusze	faryzeusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusze	faryzeusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusze	faryzeusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusze	faryzeusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszem	faryzeusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeusz	faryzeusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszom	faryzeusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowie	faryzeusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowie	faryzeusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowi	faryzeusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszów	faryzeusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszów	faryzeusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszu	faryzeusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszu	faryzeusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszy	faryzeusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszy	faryzeusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwach	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwa	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwa	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwa	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwa	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwami	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwem	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostw	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwie	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwo	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwo	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwo	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwom	faryzeuszostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszostwu	faryzeuszostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszować	faryzeuszować	inf:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowaliby	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowalibyście	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowalibyśmy	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowali	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowali	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowaliście	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowaliśmy	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałaby	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałabym	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałabyś	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowała	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowała	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałam	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałaś	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałby	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałbym	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałbyś	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałem	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałeś	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszował	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszował	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałoby	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałobym	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałobyś	faryzeuszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowało	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowało	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałom	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałoś	faryzeuszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałyby	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałybyście	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałybyśmy	faryzeuszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowały	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowały	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałyście	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowałyśmy	faryzeuszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowaniach	faryzeuszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowania	faryzeuszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowania	faryzeuszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowaniami	faryzeuszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowanie	faryzeuszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowaniem	faryzeuszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowaniom	faryzeuszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowaniu	faryzeuszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszowano	faryzeuszować	imps:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowań	faryzeuszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszująca	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującą	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujące	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujące	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującego	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującego	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującej	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującemu	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszując	faryzeuszować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszująco	faryzeuszować	pacta		
faryzeuszujących	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujących	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujący	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujący	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszujący	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującym	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującym	faryzeuszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszującymi	faryzeuszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faryzeuszują	faryzeuszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszujcie	faryzeuszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszujecie	faryzeuszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszuje	faryzeuszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszujemy	faryzeuszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszujesz	faryzeuszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszuję	faryzeuszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszuj	faryzeuszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszujmy	faryzeuszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
faryzeuszowościach	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowościami	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowością	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowości	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowościom	faryzeuszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowość	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowość	faryzeuszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowscy	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzeuszowska	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faryzeuszowską	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faryzeuszowską	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faryzeuszowskich	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzeuszowskich	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowskich	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowskie	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowskie	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowskie	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowskie	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowskiego	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faryzeuszowskiego	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowskiej	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faryzeuszowskiej	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faryzeuszowskiej	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faryzeuszowskiemu	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowski	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faryzeuszowski	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faryzeuszowskim	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowskim	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowskim	faryzeuszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowskimi	faryzeuszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowsko	faryzeuszowski	adja		
faryzeuszowsku	faryzeuszowski	adjp		
faryzeuszowsko	faryzeuszowsko	adv:pos		
faryzeuszowskościach	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskościami	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskością	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskości	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskościom	faryzeuszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskość	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowskość	faryzeuszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faryzeuszowa	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faryzeuszową	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faryzeuszową	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faryzeuszowe	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowe	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowe	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowe	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowego	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faryzeuszowego	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowej	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faryzeuszowej	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faryzeuszowej	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faryzeuszowemu	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowi	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzeuszowo	faryzeuszowy	adja		
faryzeuszowych	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faryzeuszowych	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowych	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowy	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faryzeuszowy	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faryzeuszowym	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faryzeuszowym	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowym	faryzeuszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faryzeuszowymi	faryzeuszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasach	fas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasami	fas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasem	fas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fas	fas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fas	fas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasie	fas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasie	fas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasom	fas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasowi	fas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasów	fas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasu	fas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasy	fas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasy	fas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasy	fas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
fasach	fasa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasa	fasa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasami	fasa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasą	fasa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasę	fasa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fas	fasa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasie	fasa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasie	fasa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faso	fasa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasom	fasa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasy	fasa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasy	fasa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasy	fasa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasy	fasa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadach	fasada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasada	fasada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadami	fasada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadą	fasada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadę	fasada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasad	fasada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasado	fasada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadom	fasada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasady	fasada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasady	fasada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasady	fasada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasady	fasada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadzie	fasada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadzie	fasada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowościach	fasadowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowościami	fasadowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowością	fasadowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowości	fasadowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowościom	fasadowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowość	fasadowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowość	fasadowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasadowa	fasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fasadową	fasadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fasadową	fasadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fasadowe	fasadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasadowe	fasadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasadowe	fasadowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fasadowe	fasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fasadowego	fasadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fasadowego	fasadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasadowej	fasadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fasadowej	fasadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fasadowej	fasadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fasadowemu	fasadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasadowi	fasadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fasadowo	fasadowy	adja		
fasadowych	fasadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fasadowych	fasadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasadowych	fasadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasadowy	fasadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fasadowy	fasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fasadowym	fasadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasadowym	fasadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasadowym	fasadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasadowymi	fasadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasadyzmach	fasadyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmami	fasadyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmem	fasadyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzm	fasadyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzm	fasadyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmie	fasadyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmie	fasadyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmom	fasadyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmowi	fasadyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmów	fasadyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmu	fasadyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmy	fasadyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmy	fasadyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasadyzmy	fasadyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozach	fascjoloza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjoloza	fascjoloza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozami	fascjoloza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozą	fascjoloza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozę	fascjoloza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjoloz	fascjoloza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozie	fascjoloza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozie	fascjoloza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozo	fascjoloza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozom	fascjoloza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozy	fascjoloza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozy	fascjoloza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozy	fascjoloza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascjolozy	fascjoloza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascykule	fascykuł	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykule	fascykuł	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułach	fascykuł	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułami	fascykuł	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułem	fascykuł	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykuł	fascykuł	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykuł	fascykuł	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułom	fascykuł	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułowi	fascykuł	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułów	fascykuł	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykułu	fascykuł	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykuły	fascykuł	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykuły	fascykuł	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascykuły	fascykuł	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynacjach	fascynacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacja	fascynacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacjami	fascynacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacją	fascynacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacje	fascynacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacje	fascynacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacje	fascynacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynację	fascynacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacji	fascynacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fascynacji	fascynacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacji	fascynacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacji	fascynacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacjo	fascynacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacjom	fascynacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacyj	fascynacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fascynacie	fascynat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynacie	fascynat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynaci	fascynat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynaci	fascynat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatach	fascynat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynata	fascynat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynata	fascynat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatami	fascynat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatem	fascynat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynat	fascynat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatom	fascynat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatowi	fascynat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatów	fascynat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatów	fascynat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fascynaty	fascynat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fascynaty	fascynat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fascynatorach	fascynator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatora	fascynator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatora	fascynator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorami	fascynator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorem	fascynator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynator	fascynator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorom	fascynator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorowi	fascynator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorów	fascynator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorów	fascynator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatory	fascynator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatory	fascynator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorze	fascynator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorze	fascynator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorzy	fascynator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynatorzy	fascynator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fascynować	fascynować	inf:imperf		
fascynowaliby	fascynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fascynowalibyście	fascynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fascynowalibyśmy	fascynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fascynowali	fascynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fascynowali	fascynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fascynowaliście	fascynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fascynowaliśmy	fascynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fascynowałaby	fascynować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fascynowałabym	fascynować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fascynowałabyś	fascynować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fascynowała	fascynować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fascynowała	fascynować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fascynowałam	fascynować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fascynowałaś	fascynować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fascynowałby	fascynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fascynowałbym	fascynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fascynowałbyś	fascynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fascynowałem	fascynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fascynowałeś	fascynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fascynował	fascynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fascynował	fascynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fascynowałoby	fascynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fascynowałobym	fascynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fascynowałobyś	fascynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fascynowało	fascynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fascynowało	fascynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fascynowałom	fascynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fascynowałoś	fascynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fascynowałyby	fascynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fascynowałybyście	fascynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fascynowałybyśmy	fascynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fascynowały	fascynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fascynowały	fascynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fascynowałyście	fascynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fascynowałyśmy	fascynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fascynowana	fascynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fascynowaną	fascynować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fascynowane	fascynować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynowane	fascynować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowanego	fascynować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fascynowanego	fascynować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowanej	fascynować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fascynowanemu	fascynować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowaniach	fascynować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowania	fascynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowania	fascynować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowaniami	fascynować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowanie	fascynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowaniem	fascynować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowani	fascynować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fascynowaniom	fascynować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowaniu	fascynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowano	fascynować	imps:imperf		
fascynowanych	fascynować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fascynowanych	fascynować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynowany	fascynować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fascynowany	fascynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fascynowanym	fascynować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynowanym	fascynować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynowanymi	fascynować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynowań	fascynować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fascynująca	fascynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fascynującą	fascynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fascynujące	fascynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynujące	fascynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynującego	fascynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fascynującego	fascynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynującej	fascynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fascynującemu	fascynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynując	fascynować	pcon:imperf		
fascynująco	fascynować	pacta		
fascynujących	fascynować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fascynujących	fascynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynujący	fascynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fascynujący	fascynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fascynujący	fascynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fascynującym	fascynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynującym	fascynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fascynującymi	fascynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fascynują	fascynować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fascynujcie	fascynować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fascynujecie	fascynować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fascynuje	fascynować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fascynujemy	fascynować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fascynujesz	fascynować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fascynuję	fascynować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fascynuj	fascynować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fascynujmy	fascynować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fascynująco	fascynująco	adv:pos		
fascynująca	fascynujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fascynującą	fascynujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fascynującą	fascynujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fascynujące	fascynujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fascynujące	fascynujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fascynujące	fascynujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fascynujące	fascynujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fascynującego	fascynujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fascynującego	fascynujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fascynującej	fascynujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fascynującej	fascynujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fascynującej	fascynujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fascynującemu	fascynujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fascynująco	fascynujący	adja		
fascynujących	fascynujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fascynujących	fascynujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fascynujących	fascynujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fascynujący	fascynujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fascynujący	fascynujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fascynujący	fascynujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fascynującym	fascynujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fascynującym	fascynujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fascynującym	fascynujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fascynującymi	fascynujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faseczce	faseczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczce	faseczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczek	faseczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczkach	faseczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczka	faseczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczkami	faseczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczką	faseczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczkę	faseczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczki	faseczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczki	faseczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczki	faseczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczki	faseczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczko	faseczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseczkom	faseczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasecie	faseta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasecie	faseta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetach	faseta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseta	faseta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetami	faseta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetą	faseta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetę	faseta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faset	faseta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faseto	faseta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetom	faseta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasety	faseta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasety	faseta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasety	faseta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasety	faseta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetce	fasetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetce	fasetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetek	fasetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetkach	fasetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetka	fasetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetkami	fasetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetką	fasetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetkę	fasetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetki	fasetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetki	fasetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetki	fasetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetki	fasetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetko	fasetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetkom	fasetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasetować	fasetować	inf:imperf		
fasetowaliby	fasetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasetowalibyście	fasetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasetowalibyśmy	fasetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasetowali	fasetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fasetowali	fasetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasetowaliście	fasetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasetowaliśmy	fasetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasetowałaby	fasetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasetowałabym	fasetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasetowałabyś	fasetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasetowała	fasetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fasetowała	fasetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasetowałam	fasetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasetowałaś	fasetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasetowałby	fasetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasetowałbym	fasetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasetowałbyś	fasetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasetowałem	fasetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasetowałeś	fasetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasetował	fasetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fasetował	fasetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasetowałoby	fasetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasetowałobym	fasetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasetowałobyś	fasetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasetowało	fasetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fasetowało	fasetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasetowałom	fasetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasetowałoś	fasetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasetowałyby	fasetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasetowałybyście	fasetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasetowałybyśmy	fasetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasetowały	fasetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fasetowały	fasetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasetowałyście	fasetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasetowałyśmy	fasetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasetowana	fasetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasetowaną	fasetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasetowane	fasetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetowane	fasetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowanego	fasetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasetowanego	fasetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowanej	fasetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasetowanemu	fasetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowaniach	fasetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowania	fasetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowania	fasetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowaniami	fasetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowanie	fasetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowaniem	fasetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowani	fasetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasetowaniom	fasetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowaniu	fasetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowano	fasetować	imps:imperf		
fasetowanych	fasetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasetowanych	fasetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetowany	fasetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasetowany	fasetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasetowanym	fasetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetowanym	fasetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetowanymi	fasetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetowań	fasetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasetująca	fasetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasetującą	fasetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasetujące	fasetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetujące	fasetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetującego	fasetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasetującego	fasetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetującej	fasetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasetującemu	fasetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetując	fasetować	pcon:imperf		
fasetująco	fasetować	pacta		
fasetujących	fasetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasetujących	fasetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetujący	fasetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasetujący	fasetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasetujący	fasetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasetującym	fasetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetującym	fasetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasetującymi	fasetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasetują	fasetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fasetujcie	fasetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fasetujecie	fasetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fasetuje	fasetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fasetujemy	fasetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fasetujesz	fasetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fasetuję	fasetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fasetuj	fasetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fasetujmy	fasetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fasjach	fasja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasja	fasja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasjami	fasja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasją	fasja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasje	fasja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasje	fasja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasje	fasja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasję	fasja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasji	fasja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
fasji	fasja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasji	fasja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasji	fasja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasjo	fasja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasjom	fasja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasyj	fasja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
fasce	faska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasce	faska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasek	faska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faskach	faska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faska	faska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faskami	faska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faską	faska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faskę	faska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faski	faska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faski	faska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faski	faska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faski	faska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasko	faska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faskom	faska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faskulach	faskula	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskula	faskula	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskulami	faskula	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskulą	faskula	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskule	faskula	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskule	faskula	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskule	faskula	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskulę	faskula	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskul	faskula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
faskuli	faskula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
faskuli	faskula	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskuli	faskula	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskuli	faskula	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskulo	faskula	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faskulom	faskula	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fasolach	fasola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasola	fasola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasolami	fasola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasolą	fasola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasole	fasola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasole	fasola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasole	fasola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasolę	fasola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasoli	fasola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasoli	fasola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasoli	fasola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasoli	fasola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasolo	fasola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasolom	fasola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fasoliskach	fasolisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliska	fasolisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliska	fasolisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliska	fasolisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliska	fasolisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliskami	fasolisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisk	fasolisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliskiem	fasolisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisko	fasolisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisko	fasolisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisko	fasolisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasoliskom	fasolisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisku	fasolisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolisku	fasolisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fasolce	fasolka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolce	fasolka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolek	fasolka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolkach	fasolka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolka	fasolka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolkami	fasolka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolką	fasolka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolkę	fasolka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolki	fasolka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolki	fasolka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolki	fasolka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolki	fasolka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolko	fasolka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolkom	fasolka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatościach	fasolowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatościami	fasolowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatością	fasolowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatości	fasolowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatościom	fasolowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatość	fasolowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowatość	fasolowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowaci	fasolowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fasolowata	fasolowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fasolowatą	fasolowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fasolowatą	fasolowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fasolowate	fasolowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowate	fasolowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowate	fasolowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fasolowate	fasolowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fasolowatego	fasolowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fasolowatego	fasolowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowatej	fasolowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fasolowatej	fasolowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fasolowatej	fasolowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fasolowatemu	fasolowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowato	fasolowaty	adja		
fasolowatych	fasolowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fasolowatych	fasolowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowatych	fasolowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowaty	fasolowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fasolowaty	fasolowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fasolowatym	fasolowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowatym	fasolowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowatym	fasolowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowatymi	fasolowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowościach	fasolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowościami	fasolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowością	fasolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowości	fasolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowościom	fasolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowość	fasolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowość	fasolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolowa	fasolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fasolową	fasolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fasolową	fasolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fasolowe	fasolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowe	fasolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowe	fasolowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fasolowe	fasolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fasolowego	fasolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fasolowego	fasolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowej	fasolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fasolowej	fasolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fasolowej	fasolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fasolowemu	fasolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowi	fasolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fasolowo	fasolowy	adja		
fasolowych	fasolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fasolowych	fasolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowych	fasolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowy	fasolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fasolowy	fasolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fasolowym	fasolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolowym	fasolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowym	fasolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasolowymi	fasolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasolówce	fasolówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówce	fasolówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówek	fasolówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówkach	fasolówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówka	fasolówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówkami	fasolówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówką	fasolówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówkę	fasolówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówki	fasolówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówki	fasolówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówki	fasolówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówki	fasolówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówko	fasolówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasolówkom	fasolówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonach	fason	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonami	fason	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonem	fason	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fason	fason	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fason	fason	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonie	fason	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonie	fason	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonom	fason	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowi	fason	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonów	fason	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasonu	fason	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasony	fason	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasony	fason	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasony	fason	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarscy	fasoniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fasoniarska	fasoniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fasoniarską	fasoniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fasoniarską	fasoniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fasoniarskich	fasoniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fasoniarskich	fasoniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarskich	fasoniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarskie	fasoniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarskie	fasoniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarskie	fasoniarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarskie	fasoniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarskiego	fasoniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fasoniarskiego	fasoniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarskiej	fasoniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fasoniarskiej	fasoniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fasoniarskiej	fasoniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fasoniarskiemu	fasoniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarski	fasoniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fasoniarski	fasoniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fasoniarskim	fasoniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarskim	fasoniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarskim	fasoniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasoniarskimi	fasoniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasoniarsko	fasoniarski	adja		
fasoniarsku	fasoniarski	adjp		
fasoniarsko	fasoniarsko	adv:pos		
fasoniarskościach	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskościami	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskością	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskości	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskościom	fasoniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskość	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasoniarskość	fasoniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonować	fasonować	inf:imperf		
fasonowaliby	fasonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasonowalibyście	fasonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasonowalibyśmy	fasonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasonowali	fasonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fasonowali	fasonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasonowaliście	fasonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasonowaliśmy	fasonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasonowałaby	fasonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasonowałabym	fasonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasonowałabyś	fasonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasonowała	fasonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fasonowała	fasonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasonowałam	fasonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasonowałaś	fasonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasonowałby	fasonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasonowałbym	fasonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasonowałbyś	fasonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasonowałem	fasonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasonowałeś	fasonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasonował	fasonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fasonował	fasonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasonowałoby	fasonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasonowałobym	fasonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasonowałobyś	fasonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasonowało	fasonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fasonowało	fasonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasonowałom	fasonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasonowałoś	fasonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasonowałyby	fasonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasonowałybyście	fasonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasonowałybyśmy	fasonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasonowały	fasonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fasonowały	fasonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasonowałyście	fasonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasonowałyśmy	fasonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasonowana	fasonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasonowaną	fasonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasonowane	fasonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonowane	fasonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowanego	fasonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasonowanego	fasonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowanej	fasonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasonowanemu	fasonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowaniach	fasonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowania	fasonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowania	fasonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowaniami	fasonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowanie	fasonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowaniem	fasonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowani	fasonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasonowaniom	fasonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowaniu	fasonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowano	fasonować	imps:imperf		
fasonowanych	fasonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasonowanych	fasonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonowany	fasonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasonowany	fasonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasonowanym	fasonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonowanym	fasonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonowanymi	fasonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonowań	fasonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasonująca	fasonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasonującą	fasonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasonujące	fasonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonujące	fasonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonującego	fasonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasonującego	fasonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonującej	fasonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasonującemu	fasonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonując	fasonować	pcon:imperf		
fasonująco	fasonować	pacta		
fasonujących	fasonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasonujących	fasonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonujący	fasonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasonujący	fasonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasonujący	fasonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasonującym	fasonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonującym	fasonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasonującymi	fasonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasonują	fasonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fasonujcie	fasonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fasonujecie	fasonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fasonuje	fasonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fasonujemy	fasonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fasonujesz	fasonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fasonuję	fasonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fasonuj	fasonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fasonujmy	fasonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fasonowościach	fasonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowościami	fasonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowością	fasonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowości	fasonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowościom	fasonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowość	fasonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowość	fasonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasonowa	fasonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fasonową	fasonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fasonową	fasonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fasonowe	fasonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasonowe	fasonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fasonowe	fasonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fasonowe	fasonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fasonowego	fasonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fasonowego	fasonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasonowej	fasonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fasonowej	fasonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fasonowej	fasonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fasonowemu	fasonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasonowi	fasonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fasonowo	fasonowy	adja		
fasonowych	fasonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fasonowych	fasonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasonowych	fasonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasonowy	fasonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fasonowy	fasonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fasonowym	fasonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasonowym	fasonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasonowym	fasonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fasonowymi	fasonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasowaczce	fasowaczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczce	fasowaczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczek	fasowaczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczkach	fasowaczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczka	fasowaczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczkami	fasowaczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczką	fasowaczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczkę	fasowaczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczki	fasowaczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczki	fasowaczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczki	fasowaczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczki	fasowaczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczko	fasowaczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowaczkom	fasowaczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasować	fasować:v1	inf:imperf		
fasowaliby	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasowalibyście	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasowalibyśmy	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasowali	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fasowali	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasowaliście	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasowaliśmy	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasowałaby	fasować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasowałabym	fasować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasowałabyś	fasować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasowała	fasować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fasowała	fasować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasowałam	fasować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasowałaś	fasować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasowałby	fasować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasowałbym	fasować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasowałbyś	fasować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasowałem	fasować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasowałeś	fasować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasował	fasować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fasował	fasować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasowałoby	fasować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasowałobym	fasować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasowałobyś	fasować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasowało	fasować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fasowało	fasować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasowałom	fasować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasowałoś	fasować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasowałyby	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasowałybyście	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasowałybyśmy	fasować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasowały	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fasowały	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasowałyście	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasowałyśmy	fasować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasowana	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasowaną	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasowane	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowane	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanego	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasowanego	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanej	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasowanemu	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniach	fasować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowania	fasować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowania	fasować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniami	fasować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanie	fasować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniem	fasować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowani	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasowaniom	fasować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniu	fasować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowano	fasować:v1	imps:imperf		
fasowanych	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasowanych	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowany	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasowany	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasowanym	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowanym	fasować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanymi	fasować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowań	fasować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasująca	fasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasującą	fasować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasujące	fasować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasujące	fasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującego	fasować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasującego	fasować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującej	fasować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasującemu	fasować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasując	fasować:v1	pcon:imperf		
fasująco	fasować:v1	pacta		
fasujących	fasować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasujących	fasować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasującym	fasować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasującym	fasować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującymi	fasować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasują	fasować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fasujcie	fasować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fasujecie	fasować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fasuje	fasować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fasujemy	fasować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fasujesz	fasować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fasuję	fasować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fasuj	fasować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fasujmy	fasować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fasować	fasować:v2	inf:imperf		
fasowaliby	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasowalibyście	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasowalibyśmy	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasowali	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fasowali	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fasowaliście	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fasowaliśmy	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fasowałaby	fasować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasowałabym	fasować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasowałabyś	fasować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasowała	fasować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fasowała	fasować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fasowałam	fasować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fasowałaś	fasować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fasowałby	fasować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasowałbym	fasować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasowałbyś	fasować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasowałem	fasować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fasowałeś	fasować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fasował	fasować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fasował	fasować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fasowałoby	fasować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasowałobym	fasować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasowałobyś	fasować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasowało	fasować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fasowało	fasować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fasowałom	fasować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fasowałoś	fasować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fasowałyby	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasowałybyście	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasowałybyśmy	fasować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasowały	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fasowały	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fasowałyście	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fasowałyśmy	fasować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fasowana	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasowaną	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasowane	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowane	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanego	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasowanego	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanej	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasowanemu	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniach	fasować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowania	fasować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowania	fasować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniami	fasować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanie	fasować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniem	fasować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowani	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasowaniom	fasować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowaniu	fasować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fasowano	fasować:v2	imps:imperf		
fasowanych	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasowanych	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowany	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasowany	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasowanym	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowanym	fasować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasowanymi	fasować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasowań	fasować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fasująca	fasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fasującą	fasować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fasujące	fasować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasujące	fasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującego	fasować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fasującego	fasować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującej	fasować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fasującemu	fasować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasując	fasować:v2	pcon:imperf		
fasująco	fasować:v2	pacta		
fasujących	fasować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasujących	fasować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fasujący	fasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fasującym	fasować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasującym	fasować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fasującymi	fasować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fasują	fasować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fasujcie	fasować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fasujecie	fasować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fasuje	fasować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fasujemy	fasować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fasujesz	fasować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fasuję	fasować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fasuj	fasować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fasujmy	fasować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fasowniach	fasownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownia	fasownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowniami	fasownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownią	fasownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownie	fasownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownie	fasownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownie	fasownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownię	fasownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowni	fasownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowni	fasownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowni	fasownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowni	fasownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasownio	fasownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fasowniom	fasownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowościach	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowościami	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowością	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowości	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowościom	fastfoodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowość	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowość	fastfoodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastfoodowa	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fastfoodową	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fastfoodową	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fastfoodowe	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fastfoodowe	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fastfoodowe	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowe	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowego	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fastfoodowego	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowej	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fastfoodowej	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fastfoodowej	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fastfoodowemu	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowi	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fastfoodowo	fastfoodowy	adja		
fastfoodowych	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fastfoodowych	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fastfoodowych	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fastfoodowy	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fastfoodowy	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fastfoodowym	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fastfoodowym	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowym	fastfoodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fastfoodowymi	fastfoodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fasti	fasti	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fastrydze	fastryga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrydze	fastryga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygach	fastryga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastryga	fastryga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygami	fastryga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygą	fastryga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygę	fastryga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastryg	fastryga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygi	fastryga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygi	fastryga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygi	fastryga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygi	fastryga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygo	fastryga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygom	fastryga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarce	fastrygarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarce	fastrygarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarek	fastrygarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarkach	fastrygarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarka	fastrygarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarkami	fastrygarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarką	fastrygarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarkę	fastrygarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarki	fastrygarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarki	fastrygarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarki	fastrygarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarki	fastrygarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarko	fastrygarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygarkom	fastrygarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fastrygować	fastrygować	inf:imperf		
fastrygowaliby	fastrygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fastrygowalibyście	fastrygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fastrygowalibyśmy	fastrygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fastrygowali	fastrygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fastrygowali	fastrygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fastrygowaliście	fastrygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fastrygowaliśmy	fastrygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałaby	fastrygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałabym	fastrygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałabyś	fastrygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fastrygowała	fastrygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fastrygowała	fastrygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałam	fastrygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałaś	fastrygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fastrygowałby	fastrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałbym	fastrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałbyś	fastrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fastrygowałem	fastrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałeś	fastrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fastrygował	fastrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fastrygował	fastrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałoby	fastrygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałobym	fastrygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałobyś	fastrygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fastrygowało	fastrygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fastrygowało	fastrygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałom	fastrygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fastrygowałoś	fastrygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fastrygowałyby	fastrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałybyście	fastrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fastrygowałybyśmy	fastrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fastrygowały	fastrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fastrygowały	fastrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fastrygowałyście	fastrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fastrygowałyśmy	fastrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fastrygowana	fastrygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaną	fastrygować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygowane	fastrygować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowane	fastrygować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanego	fastrygować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanego	fastrygować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanej	fastrygować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanemu	fastrygować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaniach	fastrygować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowania	fastrygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowania	fastrygować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaniami	fastrygować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanie	fastrygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaniem	fastrygować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowani	fastrygować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaniom	fastrygować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowaniu	fastrygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowano	fastrygować	imps:imperf		
fastrygowanych	fastrygować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanych	fastrygować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowany	fastrygować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowany	fastrygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanym	fastrygować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanym	fastrygować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygowanymi	fastrygować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygowań	fastrygować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygująca	fastrygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygującą	fastrygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygujące	fastrygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygujące	fastrygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygującego	fastrygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fastrygującego	fastrygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygującej	fastrygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fastrygującemu	fastrygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygując	fastrygować	pcon:imperf		
fastrygująco	fastrygować	pacta		
fastrygujących	fastrygować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fastrygujących	fastrygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygujący	fastrygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fastrygujący	fastrygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fastrygujący	fastrygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fastrygującym	fastrygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygującym	fastrygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fastrygującymi	fastrygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fastrygują	fastrygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fastrygujcie	fastrygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fastrygujecie	fastrygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fastryguje	fastrygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fastrygujemy	fastrygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fastrygujesz	fastrygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fastryguję	fastrygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fastryguj	fastrygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fastrygujmy	fastrygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fasulcach	fasulec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulca	fasulec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcami	fasulec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulce	fasulec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulce	fasulec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulce	fasulec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcem	fasulec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcom	fasulec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcowi	fasulec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulców	fasulec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcu	fasulec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulcu	fasulec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulec	fasulec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasulec	fasulec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunek	fasunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunek	fasunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunkach	fasunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunkami	fasunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunkiem	fasunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunki	fasunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunki	fasunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunki	fasunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunkom	fasunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunkowi	fasunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunków	fasunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunku	fasunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunku	fasunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fasunku	fasunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszerować	faszerować	inf:imperf		
faszerowaliby	faszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszerowalibyście	faszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszerowalibyśmy	faszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszerowali	faszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faszerowali	faszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszerowaliście	faszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszerowaliśmy	faszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszerowałaby	faszerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszerowałabym	faszerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszerowałabyś	faszerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszerowała	faszerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faszerowała	faszerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszerowałam	faszerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszerowałaś	faszerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszerowałby	faszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszerowałbym	faszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszerowałbyś	faszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszerowałem	faszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszerowałeś	faszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszerował	faszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faszerował	faszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszerowałoby	faszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszerowałobym	faszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszerowałobyś	faszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszerowało	faszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faszerowało	faszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszerowałom	faszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszerowałoś	faszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszerowałyby	faszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszerowałybyście	faszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszerowałybyśmy	faszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszerowały	faszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faszerowały	faszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszerowałyście	faszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszerowałyśmy	faszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszerowana	faszerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszerowaną	faszerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszerowane	faszerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerowane	faszerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowanego	faszerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszerowanego	faszerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowanej	faszerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszerowanemu	faszerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowaniach	faszerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowania	faszerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowania	faszerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowaniami	faszerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowanie	faszerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowaniem	faszerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowani	faszerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszerowaniom	faszerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowaniu	faszerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowano	faszerować	imps:imperf		
faszerowanych	faszerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszerowanych	faszerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerowany	faszerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszerowany	faszerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszerowanym	faszerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerowanym	faszerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerowanymi	faszerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerowań	faszerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszerująca	faszerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszerującą	faszerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszerujące	faszerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerujące	faszerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerującego	faszerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszerującego	faszerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerującej	faszerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszerującemu	faszerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerując	faszerować	pcon:imperf		
faszerująco	faszerować	pacta		
faszerujących	faszerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszerujących	faszerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerujący	faszerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszerujący	faszerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszerujący	faszerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszerującym	faszerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerującym	faszerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszerującymi	faszerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszerują	faszerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faszerujcie	faszerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faszerujecie	faszerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faszeruje	faszerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faszerujemy	faszerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faszerujesz	faszerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faszeruję	faszerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faszeruj	faszerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faszerujmy	faszerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faszynach	faszyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyna	faszyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynami	faszyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyną	faszyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynę	faszyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyn	faszyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynie	faszyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynie	faszyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyno	faszyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynom	faszyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyny	faszyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyny	faszyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyny	faszyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyny	faszyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadach	faszynada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynada	faszynada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadami	faszynada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadą	faszynada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadę	faszynada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynad	faszynada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynado	faszynada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadom	faszynada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynady	faszynada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynady	faszynada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynady	faszynada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynady	faszynada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadzie	faszynada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynadzie	faszynada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzach	faszyniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzach	faszyniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarza	faszyniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarza	faszyniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarza	faszyniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarza	faszyniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzami	faszyniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzami	faszyniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarze	faszyniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzem	faszyniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzem	faszyniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarz	faszyniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarz	faszyniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzom	faszyniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzom	faszyniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzowi	faszyniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzowi	faszyniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzów	faszyniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzów	faszyniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzu	faszyniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzu	faszyniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzu	faszyniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzu	faszyniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
faszyniarzy	faszyniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyniarzy	faszyniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszynować	faszynować	inf:imperf		
faszynowaliby	faszynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszynowalibyście	faszynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszynowalibyśmy	faszynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszynowali	faszynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faszynowali	faszynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszynowaliście	faszynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszynowaliśmy	faszynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszynowałaby	faszynować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszynowałabym	faszynować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszynowałabyś	faszynować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszynowała	faszynować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faszynowała	faszynować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszynowałam	faszynować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszynowałaś	faszynować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszynowałby	faszynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszynowałbym	faszynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszynowałbyś	faszynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszynowałem	faszynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszynowałeś	faszynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszynował	faszynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faszynował	faszynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszynowałoby	faszynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszynowałobym	faszynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszynowałobyś	faszynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszynowało	faszynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faszynowało	faszynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszynowałom	faszynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszynowałoś	faszynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszynowałyby	faszynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszynowałybyście	faszynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszynowałybyśmy	faszynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszynowały	faszynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faszynowały	faszynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszynowałyście	faszynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszynowałyśmy	faszynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszynowana	faszynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszynowaną	faszynować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszynowane	faszynować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynowane	faszynować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowanego	faszynować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszynowanego	faszynować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowanej	faszynować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszynowanemu	faszynować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowaniach	faszynować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowania	faszynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowania	faszynować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowaniami	faszynować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowanie	faszynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowaniem	faszynować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowani	faszynować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszynowaniom	faszynować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowaniu	faszynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowano	faszynować	imps:imperf		
faszynowanych	faszynować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszynowanych	faszynować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynowany	faszynować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszynowany	faszynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszynowanym	faszynować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynowanym	faszynować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynowanymi	faszynować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynowań	faszynować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszynująca	faszynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszynującą	faszynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszynujące	faszynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynujące	faszynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynującego	faszynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszynującego	faszynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynującej	faszynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszynującemu	faszynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynując	faszynować	pcon:imperf		
faszynująco	faszynować	pacta		
faszynujących	faszynować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszynujących	faszynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynujący	faszynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszynujący	faszynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszynujący	faszynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszynującym	faszynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynującym	faszynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszynującymi	faszynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszynują	faszynować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faszynujcie	faszynować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faszynujecie	faszynować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faszynuje	faszynować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faszynujemy	faszynować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faszynujesz	faszynować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faszynuję	faszynować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faszynuj	faszynować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faszynujmy	faszynować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faszynowościach	faszynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowościami	faszynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowością	faszynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowości	faszynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowościom	faszynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowość	faszynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowość	faszynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszynowa	faszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faszynową	faszynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faszynową	faszynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faszynowe	faszynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszynowe	faszynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszynowe	faszynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faszynowe	faszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faszynowego	faszynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faszynowego	faszynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszynowej	faszynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faszynowej	faszynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faszynowej	faszynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faszynowemu	faszynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszynowi	faszynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faszynowo	faszynowy	adja		
faszynowych	faszynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faszynowych	faszynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszynowych	faszynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszynowy	faszynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faszynowy	faszynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faszynowym	faszynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszynowym	faszynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszynowym	faszynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszynowymi	faszynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszystach	faszysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszysta	faszysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystami	faszysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystą	faszysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystę	faszysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszysto	faszysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystom	faszysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystów	faszysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystów	faszysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszysty	faszysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faszysty	faszysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faszysty	faszysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyście	faszysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyście	faszysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyści	faszysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszyści	faszysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faszystce	faszystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystce	faszystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystek	faszystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystkach	faszystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystka	faszystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystkami	faszystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystką	faszystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystkę	faszystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystki	faszystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystki	faszystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystki	faszystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystki	faszystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystko	faszystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystkom	faszystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowscy	faszystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faszystowska	faszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faszystowską	faszystowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faszystowską	faszystowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faszystowskich	faszystowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faszystowskich	faszystowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowskich	faszystowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowskie	faszystowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowskie	faszystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowskie	faszystowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faszystowskie	faszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faszystowskiego	faszystowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faszystowskiego	faszystowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszystowskiej	faszystowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faszystowskiej	faszystowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faszystowskiej	faszystowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faszystowskiemu	faszystowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszystowski	faszystowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faszystowski	faszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faszystowskim	faszystowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowskim	faszystowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszystowskim	faszystowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszystowskimi	faszystowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszystowsko	faszystowski	adja		
faszystowsku	faszystowski	adjp		
faszystowsko	faszystowsko	adv:pos		
faszystowskościach	faszystowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskościami	faszystowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskością	faszystowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskości	faszystowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskościom	faszystowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskość	faszystowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszystowskość	faszystowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacjach	faszyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacja	faszyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacjami	faszyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacją	faszyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacje	faszyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacje	faszyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacje	faszyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzację	faszyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacji	faszyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faszyzacji	faszyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacji	faszyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacji	faszyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacjo	faszyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacjom	faszyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyj	faszyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faszyzacyjnościach	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjnościami	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjnością	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjności	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjnościom	faszyzacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjność	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjność	faszyzacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzacyjna	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faszyzacyjną	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faszyzacyjną	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faszyzacyjne	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzacyjne	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzacyjne	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjne	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjnego	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faszyzacyjnego	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjnej	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faszyzacyjnej	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faszyzacyjnej	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faszyzacyjnemu	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjni	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faszyzacyjno	faszyzacyjny	adja		
faszyzacyjnych	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faszyzacyjnych	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzacyjnych	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzacyjny	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faszyzacyjny	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faszyzacyjnym	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzacyjnym	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjnym	faszyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faszyzacyjnymi	faszyzacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faszyzmach	faszyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmami	faszyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmem	faszyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzm	faszyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzm	faszyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmie	faszyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmie	faszyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmom	faszyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmowi	faszyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmów	faszyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmu	faszyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmy	faszyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmy	faszyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzmy	faszyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faszyzować	faszyzować	inf:imperf		
faszyzowaliby	faszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszyzowalibyście	faszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszyzowalibyśmy	faszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszyzowali	faszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faszyzowali	faszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faszyzowaliście	faszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faszyzowaliśmy	faszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałaby	faszyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałabym	faszyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałabyś	faszyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszyzowała	faszyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faszyzowała	faszyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałam	faszyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałaś	faszyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faszyzowałby	faszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałbym	faszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałbyś	faszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszyzowałem	faszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałeś	faszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faszyzował	faszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faszyzował	faszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałoby	faszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałobym	faszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałobyś	faszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszyzowało	faszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faszyzowało	faszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałom	faszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faszyzowałoś	faszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faszyzowałyby	faszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałybyście	faszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszyzowałybyśmy	faszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszyzowały	faszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faszyzowały	faszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faszyzowałyście	faszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faszyzowałyśmy	faszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faszyzowana	faszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaną	faszyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzowane	faszyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowane	faszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanego	faszyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanego	faszyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanej	faszyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanemu	faszyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaniach	faszyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowania	faszyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowania	faszyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaniami	faszyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanie	faszyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaniem	faszyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowani	faszyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaniom	faszyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowaniu	faszyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowano	faszyzować	imps:imperf		
faszyzowanych	faszyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanych	faszyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowany	faszyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowany	faszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanym	faszyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanym	faszyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzowanymi	faszyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzowań	faszyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzująca	faszyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzującą	faszyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzujące	faszyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzujące	faszyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzującego	faszyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faszyzującego	faszyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzującej	faszyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faszyzującemu	faszyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzując	faszyzować	pcon:imperf		
faszyzująco	faszyzować	pacta		
faszyzujących	faszyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszyzujących	faszyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzujący	faszyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faszyzujący	faszyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faszyzujący	faszyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faszyzującym	faszyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzującym	faszyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faszyzującymi	faszyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faszyzują	faszyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faszyzujcie	faszyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faszyzujecie	faszyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faszyzuje	faszyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faszyzujemy	faszyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faszyzujesz	faszyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faszyzuję	faszyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faszyzuj	faszyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faszyzujmy	faszyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fatalistach	fatalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalista	fatalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistami	fatalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistą	fatalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistę	fatalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalisto	fatalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistom	fatalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistów	fatalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistów	fatalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalisty	fatalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fatalisty	fatalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fatalisty	fatalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fataliście	fatalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fataliście	fatalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fataliści	fatalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fataliści	fatalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistce	fatalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistce	fatalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistek	fatalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistkach	fatalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistka	fatalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistkami	fatalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistką	fatalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistkę	fatalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistki	fatalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistki	fatalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistki	fatalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistki	fatalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistko	fatalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistkom	fatalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistycznie	fatalistycznie	adv:pos		
fatalistycznościach	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistycznościami	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistycznością	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczności	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistycznościom	fatalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczność	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczność	fatalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalistyczna	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatalistyczną	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatalistyczną	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatalistyczne	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatalistyczne	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatalistyczne	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatalistyczne	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatalistycznego	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatalistycznego	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalistycznej	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatalistycznej	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatalistycznej	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatalistycznemu	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalistyczni	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatalistyczno	fatalistyczny	adja		
fatalistycznych	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatalistycznych	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalistycznych	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalistyczny	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatalistyczny	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatalistycznym	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalistycznym	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalistycznym	fatalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalistycznymi	fatalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalizmach	fatalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmami	fatalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmem	fatalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizm	fatalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizm	fatalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmie	fatalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmie	fatalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmom	fatalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmowi	fatalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmów	fatalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmu	fatalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmy	fatalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmy	fatalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalizmy	fatalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatalnie	fatalnie	adv:pos		
fatalniej	fatalnie	adv:com		
fatalnościach	fatalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalnościami	fatalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalnością	fatalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalności	fatalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalnościom	fatalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalność	fatalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalność	fatalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatalna	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatalną	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatalną	fatalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatalne	fatalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatalne	fatalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatalne	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatalne	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatalnego	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatalnego	fatalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalnej	fatalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatalnej	fatalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatalnej	fatalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatalnemu	fatalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalniejsi	fatalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
fatalniejsza	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
fatalniejszą	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
fatalniejszą	fatalny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
fatalniejsze	fatalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fatalniejsze	fatalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fatalniejsze	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
fatalniejsze	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
fatalniejszego	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
fatalniejszego	fatalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fatalniejszej	fatalny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
fatalniejszej	fatalny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
fatalniejszej	fatalny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
fatalniejszemu	fatalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fatalniejszych	fatalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
fatalniejszych	fatalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fatalniejszych	fatalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fatalniejszy	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
fatalniejszy	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
fatalniejszym	fatalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fatalniejszym	fatalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fatalniejszym	fatalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fatalniejszymi	fatalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fatalni	fatalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatalno	fatalny	adja		
fatalnych	fatalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatalnych	fatalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalnych	fatalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalny	fatalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatalny	fatalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatalnym	fatalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatalnym	fatalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalnym	fatalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatalnymi	fatalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatałachach	fatałach	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałacha	fatałach	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachami	fatałach	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachem	fatałach	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałach	fatałach	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałach	fatałach	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachom	fatałach	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachowi	fatałach	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachów	fatałach	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachu	fatałach	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachu	fatałach	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachy	fatałach	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachy	fatałach	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałachy	fatałach	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fatałaszek	fatałaszek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszek	fatałaszek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszkach	fatałaszek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszka	fatałaszek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszkami	fatałaszek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszkiem	fatałaszek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszki	fatałaszek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszki	fatałaszek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszki	fatałaszek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszkom	fatałaszek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszkowi	fatałaszek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszków	fatałaszek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszku	fatałaszek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatałaszku	fatałaszek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fatamorganach	fatamorgana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgana	fatamorgana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganami	fatamorgana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganą	fatamorgana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganę	fatamorgana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgan	fatamorgana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganie	fatamorgana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganie	fatamorgana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgano	fatamorgana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganom	fatamorgana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgany	fatamorgana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgany	fatamorgana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgany	fatamorgana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorgany	fatamorgana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganicznościach	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganicznościami	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganicznością	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczności	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganicznościom	fatamorganiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczność	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczność	fatamorganiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatamorganiczna	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatamorganiczną	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatamorganiczną	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatamorganiczne	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatamorganiczne	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatamorganiczne	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganiczne	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganicznego	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatamorganicznego	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganicznej	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatamorganicznej	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatamorganicznej	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatamorganicznemu	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganiczni	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatamorganiczno	fatamorganiczny	adja		
fatamorganicznych	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatamorganicznych	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatamorganicznych	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatamorganiczny	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatamorganiczny	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatamorganicznym	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatamorganicznym	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganicznym	fatamorganiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatamorganicznymi	fatamorganiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatermerderach	fatermerder	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerdera	fatermerder	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderami	fatermerder	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderem	fatermerder	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerder	fatermerder	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerder	fatermerder	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderom	fatermerder	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderowi	fatermerder	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderów	fatermerder	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerdery	fatermerder	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerdery	fatermerder	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerdery	fatermerder	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderze	fatermerder	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatermerderze	fatermerder	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fatimscy	fatimski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatimska	fatimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatimską	fatimski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatimską	fatimski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatimskich	fatimski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatimskich	fatimski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatimskich	fatimski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatimskie	fatimski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatimskie	fatimski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatimskie	fatimski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatimskie	fatimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatimskiego	fatimski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatimskiego	fatimski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatimskiej	fatimski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatimskiej	fatimski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatimskiej	fatimski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatimskiemu	fatimski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatimski	fatimski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatimski	fatimski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatimskim	fatimski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatimskim	fatimski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatimskim	fatimski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatimskimi	fatimski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatimsko	fatimski	adja		
fatimsku	fatimski	adjp		
fatimsko	fatimsko	adv:pos		
fatimskościach	fatimskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskościami	fatimskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskością	fatimskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskości	fatimskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskościom	fatimskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskość	fatimskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatimskość	fatimskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowscy	fatjanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatjanowska	fatjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatjanowską	fatjanowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatjanowską	fatjanowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatjanowskich	fatjanowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatjanowskich	fatjanowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowskich	fatjanowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowskie	fatjanowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowskie	fatjanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowskie	fatjanowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowskie	fatjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowskiego	fatjanowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatjanowskiego	fatjanowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowskiej	fatjanowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatjanowskiej	fatjanowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatjanowskiej	fatjanowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatjanowskiemu	fatjanowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowski	fatjanowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatjanowski	fatjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatjanowskim	fatjanowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowskim	fatjanowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowskim	fatjanowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatjanowskimi	fatjanowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatjanowsko	fatjanowski	adja		
fatjanowsku	fatjanowski	adjp		
fatjanowsko	fatjanowsko	adv:pos		
fatjanowskościach	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskościami	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskością	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskości	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskościom	fatjanowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskość	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatjanowskość	fatjanowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatach	fatum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fata	fatum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fata	fatum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fata	fatum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatami	fatum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatom	fatum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatów	fatum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatum	fatum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fatwach	fatwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwa	fatwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwami	fatwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwą	fatwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwę	fatwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatw	fatwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwie	fatwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwie	fatwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwo	fatwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwom	fatwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwy	fatwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwy	fatwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwy	fatwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatwy	fatwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatycznościach	fatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatycznościami	fatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatycznością	fatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczności	fatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatycznościom	fatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczność	fatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczność	fatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyczna	fatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fatyczną	fatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fatyczną	fatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fatyczne	fatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatyczne	fatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fatyczne	fatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fatyczne	fatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fatycznego	fatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fatycznego	fatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatycznej	fatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fatycznej	fatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fatycznej	fatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fatycznemu	fatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatyczni	fatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fatyczno	fatyczny	adja		
fatycznych	fatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fatycznych	fatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatycznych	fatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatyczny	fatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fatyczny	fatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fatycznym	fatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatycznym	fatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatycznym	fatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fatycznymi	fatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fatydze	fatyga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatydze	fatyga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygach	fatyga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyga	fatyga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygami	fatyga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygą	fatyga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygę	fatyga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatyg	fatyga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygi	fatyga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygi	fatyga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygi	fatyga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygi	fatyga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygo	fatyga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygom	fatyga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fatygacjach	fatygacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacja	fatygacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacjami	fatygacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacją	fatygacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacje	fatygacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacje	fatygacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacje	fatygacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygację	fatygacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacji	fatygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
fatygacji	fatygacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacji	fatygacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacji	fatygacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacjo	fatygacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacjom	fatygacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygacyj	fatygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
fatygancie	fatygant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygancie	fatygant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganci	fatygant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganci	fatygant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantach	fatygant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganta	fatygant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganta	fatygant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantami	fatygant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantem	fatygant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygant	fatygant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantom	fatygant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantowi	fatygant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantów	fatygant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygantów	fatygant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganty	fatygant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatyganty	fatygant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fatygować	fatygować	inf:imperf		
fatygowaliby	fatygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fatygowalibyście	fatygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fatygowalibyśmy	fatygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fatygowali	fatygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fatygowali	fatygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fatygowaliście	fatygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fatygowaliśmy	fatygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fatygowałaby	fatygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fatygowałabym	fatygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fatygowałabyś	fatygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fatygowała	fatygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fatygowała	fatygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fatygowałam	fatygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fatygowałaś	fatygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fatygowałby	fatygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fatygowałbym	fatygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fatygowałbyś	fatygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fatygowałem	fatygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fatygowałeś	fatygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fatygował	fatygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fatygował	fatygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fatygowałoby	fatygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fatygowałobym	fatygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fatygowałobyś	fatygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fatygowało	fatygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fatygowało	fatygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fatygowałom	fatygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fatygowałoś	fatygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fatygowałyby	fatygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fatygowałybyście	fatygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fatygowałybyśmy	fatygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fatygowały	fatygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fatygowały	fatygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fatygowałyście	fatygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fatygowałyśmy	fatygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fatygowana	fatygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fatygowaną	fatygować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fatygowane	fatygować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygowane	fatygować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowanego	fatygować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fatygowanego	fatygować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowanej	fatygować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fatygowanemu	fatygować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowaniach	fatygować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowania	fatygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowania	fatygować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowaniami	fatygować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowanie	fatygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowaniem	fatygować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowani	fatygować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fatygowaniom	fatygować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowaniu	fatygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowano	fatygować	imps:imperf		
fatygowanych	fatygować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fatygowanych	fatygować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygowany	fatygować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fatygowany	fatygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fatygowanym	fatygować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygowanym	fatygować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygowanymi	fatygować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygowań	fatygować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fatygująca	fatygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fatygującą	fatygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fatygujące	fatygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygujące	fatygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygującego	fatygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fatygującego	fatygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygującej	fatygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fatygującemu	fatygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygując	fatygować	pcon:imperf		
fatygująco	fatygować	pacta		
fatygujących	fatygować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fatygujących	fatygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygujący	fatygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fatygujący	fatygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fatygujący	fatygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fatygującym	fatygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygującym	fatygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fatygującymi	fatygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fatygują	fatygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fatygujcie	fatygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fatygujecie	fatygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fatyguje	fatygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fatygujemy	fatygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fatygujesz	fatygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fatyguję	fatygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fatyguj	fatygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fatygujmy	fatygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fau	fau	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fau	fau	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
faulach	faul	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faula	faul	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulami	faul	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faule	faul	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faule	faul	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faule	faul	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulem	faul	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faul	faul	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faul	faul	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
fauli	faul	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulom	faul	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulowi	faul	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulów	faul	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulu	faul	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulu	faul	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulu	faul	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
faulować	faulować	inf:imperf		
faulowaliby	faulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faulowalibyście	faulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faulowalibyśmy	faulować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faulowali	faulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faulowali	faulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faulowaliście	faulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faulowaliśmy	faulować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faulowałaby	faulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faulowałabym	faulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faulowałabyś	faulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faulowała	faulować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faulowała	faulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faulowałam	faulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faulowałaś	faulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faulowałby	faulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faulowałbym	faulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faulowałbyś	faulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faulowałem	faulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faulowałeś	faulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faulował	faulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faulował	faulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faulowałoby	faulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faulowałobym	faulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faulowałobyś	faulować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faulowało	faulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faulowało	faulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faulowałom	faulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faulowałoś	faulować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faulowałyby	faulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faulowałybyście	faulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faulowałybyśmy	faulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faulowały	faulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faulowały	faulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faulowałyście	faulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faulowałyśmy	faulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faulowana	faulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faulowaną	faulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faulowane	faulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulowane	faulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulowanego	faulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faulowanego	faulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulowanej	faulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faulowanemu	faulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulowaniach	faulować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowania	faulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowania	faulować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowaniami	faulować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowanie	faulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowaniem	faulować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowani	faulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faulowaniom	faulować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowaniu	faulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faulowano	faulować	imps:imperf		
faulowanych	faulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faulowanych	faulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulowany	faulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faulowany	faulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faulowanym	faulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulowanym	faulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulowanymi	faulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulowań	faulować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faulująca	faulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faulującą	faulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faulujące	faulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulujące	faulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulującego	faulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faulującego	faulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulującej	faulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faulującemu	faulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulując	faulować	pcon:imperf		
faulująco	faulować	pacta		
faulujących	faulować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faulujących	faulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulujący	faulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faulujący	faulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faulujący	faulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faulującym	faulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulującym	faulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faulującymi	faulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faulują	faulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faulujcie	faulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faulujecie	faulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fauluje	faulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faulujemy	faulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faulujesz	faulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fauluję	faulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fauluj	faulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faulujmy	faulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faunach	faun	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauna	faun	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauna	faun	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunami	faun	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunem	faun	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faun	faun	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunie	faun	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunie	faun	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunom	faun	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunowie	faun	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunowie	faun	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunowi	faun	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunów	faun	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunów	faun	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	faun	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	faun	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faunach	fauna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauna	fauna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunami	fauna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauną	fauna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunę	fauna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faun	fauna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunie	fauna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunie	fauna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauno	fauna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunom	fauna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	fauna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	fauna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	fauna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauny	fauna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunia	fauni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faunią	fauni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faunią	fauni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faunich	fauni	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faunich	fauni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunich	fauni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunie	fauni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faunie	fauni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faunie	fauni	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faunie	fauni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fauniego	fauni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fauniego	fauni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fauniej	fauni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fauniej	fauni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fauniej	fauni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fauniemu	fauni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fauni	fauni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fauni	fauni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fauni	fauni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faunim	fauni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunim	fauni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunim	fauni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunimi	fauni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunio	fauni	adja		
faunicznościach	fauniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunicznościami	fauniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunicznością	fauniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczności	fauniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunicznościom	fauniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczność	fauniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczność	fauniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniczna	fauniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fauniczną	fauniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fauniczną	fauniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fauniczne	fauniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fauniczne	fauniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fauniczne	fauniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fauniczne	fauniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faunicznego	fauniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faunicznego	fauniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunicznej	fauniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faunicznej	fauniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faunicznej	fauniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faunicznemu	fauniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fauniczni	fauniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fauniczno	fauniczny	adja		
faunicznych	fauniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faunicznych	fauniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunicznych	fauniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fauniczny	fauniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fauniczny	fauniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faunicznym	fauniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunicznym	fauniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunicznym	fauniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunicznymi	fauniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fauniościach	fauniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniościami	fauniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniością	fauniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniości	fauniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniościom	fauniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniość	fauniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fauniość	fauniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistach	faunista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunista	faunista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistami	faunista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistą	faunista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistę	faunista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunisto	faunista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistom	faunista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistów	faunista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistów	faunista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunisty	faunista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faunisty	faunista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faunisty	faunista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauniście	faunista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauniście	faunista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauniści	faunista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fauniści	faunista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faunistycznościach	faunistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistycznościami	faunistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistycznością	faunistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczności	faunistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistycznościom	faunistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczność	faunistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczność	faunistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyczna	faunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faunistyczną	faunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faunistyczną	faunistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faunistyczne	faunistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faunistyczne	faunistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faunistyczne	faunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faunistyczne	faunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faunistycznego	faunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faunistycznego	faunistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunistycznej	faunistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faunistycznej	faunistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faunistycznej	faunistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faunistycznemu	faunistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunistyczni	faunistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faunistyczno	faunistyczny	adja		
faunistycznych	faunistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faunistycznych	faunistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunistycznych	faunistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunistyczny	faunistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faunistyczny	faunistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faunistycznym	faunistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunistycznym	faunistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunistycznym	faunistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faunistycznymi	faunistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faunistyce	faunistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyce	faunistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistykach	faunistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyka	faunistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistykami	faunistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyką	faunistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistykę	faunistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyk	faunistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyki	faunistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyki	faunistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyki	faunistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyki	faunistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistyko	faunistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faunistykom	faunistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowscy	faustowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faustowska	faustowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faustowską	faustowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faustowską	faustowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faustowskich	faustowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faustowskich	faustowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustowskich	faustowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustowskie	faustowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faustowskie	faustowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faustowskie	faustowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faustowskie	faustowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faustowskiego	faustowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faustowskiego	faustowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustowskiej	faustowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faustowskiej	faustowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faustowskiej	faustowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faustowskiemu	faustowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustowski	faustowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faustowski	faustowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faustowskim	faustowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustowskim	faustowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustowskim	faustowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustowskimi	faustowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustowsko	faustowski	adja		
faustowsku	faustowski	adjp		
faustowsko	faustowsko	adv:pos		
faustowskościach	faustowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskościami	faustowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskością	faustowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskości	faustowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskościom	faustowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskość	faustowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustowskość	faustowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustycznie	faustycznie	adv:pos		
faustycznościach	faustyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustycznościami	faustyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustycznością	faustyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczności	faustyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustycznościom	faustyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczność	faustyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczność	faustyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faustyczna	faustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
faustyczną	faustyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
faustyczną	faustyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
faustyczne	faustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faustyczne	faustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
faustyczne	faustyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
faustyczne	faustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
faustycznego	faustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
faustycznego	faustyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustycznej	faustyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
faustycznej	faustyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
faustycznej	faustyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
faustycznemu	faustyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustyczni	faustyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
faustyczno	faustyczny	adja		
faustycznych	faustyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
faustycznych	faustyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustycznych	faustyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustyczny	faustyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
faustyczny	faustyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
faustycznym	faustyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
faustycznym	faustyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustycznym	faustyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
faustycznymi	faustyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fauxpas	fauxpas	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
favelach	favela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favela	favela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
favelami	favela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
favelą	favela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
favele	favela	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favele	favela	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
favele	favela	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favelę	favela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faveli	favela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faveli	favela	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faveli	favela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faveli	favela	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favelo	favela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favelom	favela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritce	favoritka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritce	favoritka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritek	favoritka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritkach	favoritka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritka	favoritka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritkami	favoritka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritką	favoritka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritkę	favoritka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritki	favoritka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritki	favoritka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritki	favoritka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritki	favoritka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritko	favoritka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
favoritkom	favoritka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelach	fawela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawela	fawela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelami	fawela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelą	fawela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawele	fawela	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawele	fawela	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawele	fawela	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelę	fawela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawel	fawela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
faweli	fawela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faweli	fawela	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faweli	fawela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faweli	fawela	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelo	fawela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawelom	fawela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fawonich	fawoni	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonich	fawoni	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonie	fawoni	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonie	fawoni	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonie	fawoni	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniego	fawoni	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniemu	fawoni	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoni	fawoni	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoni	fawoni	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoni	fawoni	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonim	fawoni	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonim	fawoni	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonim	fawoni	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawonimi	fawoni	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszach	fawoniusz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusza	fawoniusz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszami	fawoniusz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusze	fawoniusz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusze	fawoniusz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusze	fawoniusz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszem	fawoniusz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusz	fawoniusz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniusz	fawoniusz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszom	fawoniusz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszowi	fawoniusz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszów	fawoniusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszu	fawoniusz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszu	fawoniusz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fawoniuszy	fawoniusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
faworach	fawor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworami	fawor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworem	fawor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fawor	fawor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fawor	fawor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworom	fawor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworowi	fawor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworów	fawor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworu	fawor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fawory	fawor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fawory	fawor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fawory	fawor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworze	fawor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworze	fawor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworek	faworek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworek	faworek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworek	faworek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworkach	faworek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworkach	faworek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworka	faworek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworka	faworek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworka	faworek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworkami	faworek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworkami	faworek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworkiem	faworek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworkiem	faworek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworki	faworek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworkom	faworek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworkom	faworek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworkowi	faworek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworkowi	faworek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworków	faworek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworków	faworek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworku	faworek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworku	faworek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworku	faworek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
faworku	faworek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworować	faworować	inf:imperf		daw.
faworowaliby	faworować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowalibyście	faworować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowalibyśmy	faworować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowali	faworować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
faworowali	faworować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowaliście	faworować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowaliśmy	faworować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałaby	faworować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałabym	faworować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałabyś	faworować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowała	faworować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
faworowała	faworować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałam	faworować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałaś	faworować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowałby	faworować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałbym	faworować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałbyś	faworować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowałem	faworować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałeś	faworować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
faworował	faworować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
faworował	faworować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałoby	faworować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałobym	faworować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałobyś	faworować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowało	faworować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
faworowało	faworować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałom	faworować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowałoś	faworować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowałyby	faworować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałybyście	faworować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowałybyśmy	faworować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowały	faworować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
faworowały	faworować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
faworowałyście	faworować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
faworowałyśmy	faworować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
faworowana	faworować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faworowaną	faworować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faworowane	faworować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworowane	faworować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworowanego	faworować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faworowanego	faworować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworowanej	faworować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faworowanemu	faworować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworowaniach	faworować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowania	faworować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowania	faworować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowaniami	faworować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowanie	faworować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowaniem	faworować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowani	faworować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworowaniom	faworować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowaniu	faworować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworowano	faworować	imps:imperf		daw.
faworowanych	faworować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworowanych	faworować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworowany	faworować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faworowany	faworować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faworowanym	faworować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworowanym	faworować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworowanymi	faworować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworowań	faworować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faworująca	faworować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faworującą	faworować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faworujące	faworować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworujące	faworować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworującego	faworować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faworującego	faworować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworującej	faworować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faworującemu	faworować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworując	faworować	pcon:imperf		daw.
faworująco	faworować	pacta		
faworujących	faworować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworujących	faworować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworujący	faworować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworujący	faworować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faworujący	faworować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faworującym	faworować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworującym	faworować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworującymi	faworować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworują	faworować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
faworujcie	faworować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
faworujecie	faworować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
faworuje	faworować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
faworujemy	faworować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
faworujesz	faworować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
faworuję	faworować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
faworuj	faworować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
faworujmy	faworować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
faworycikach	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikach	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycika	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycika	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycika	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikami	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikami	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycik	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycik	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycik	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikiem	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikiem	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikom	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikom	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikowi	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikowi	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycików	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycików	faworycik:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikach	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycika	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycika	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikami	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycik	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikiem	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciki	faworycik:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikom	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikowie	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikowie	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycikowi	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycików	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycików	faworycik:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyciku	faworycik:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworycie	faworyta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytach	faworyta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyta	faworyta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytami	faworyta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytą	faworyta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytę	faworyta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyt	faworyta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyto	faworyta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytom	faworyta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyty	faworyta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyty	faworyta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyty	faworyta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworyty	faworyta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
faworytalnościach	faworytalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalnościami	faworytalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalnością	faworytalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalności	faworytalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalnościom	faworytalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalność	faworytalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalność	faworytalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytalna	faworytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
faworytalną	faworytalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
faworytalną	faworytalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
faworytalne	faworytalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytalne	faworytalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytalne	faworytalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalne	faworytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalnego	faworytalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
faworytalnego	faworytalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalnej	faworytalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
faworytalnej	faworytalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
faworytalnej	faworytalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
faworytalnemu	faworytalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalni	faworytalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faworytalno	faworytalny	adja		przest.
faworytalnych	faworytalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faworytalnych	faworytalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytalnych	faworytalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytalny	faworytalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
faworytalny	faworytalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
faworytalnym	faworytalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytalnym	faworytalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalnym	faworytalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytalnymi	faworytalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytek	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkach	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkami	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkiem	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkom	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkowie	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkowie	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkowi	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytków	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytków	faworytek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytek	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytek	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytek	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkach	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkach	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkami	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkami	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkiem	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkiem	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkom	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkom	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkowi	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkowi	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytków	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytków	faworytek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytku	faworytek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytce	faworytka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytce	faworytka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytek	faworytka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkach	faworytka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytka	faworytka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkami	faworytka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytką	faworytka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkę	faworytka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytki	faworytka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytko	faworytka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytkom	faworytka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworytnościach	faworytność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytnościami	faworytność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytnością	faworytność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytności	faworytność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytnościom	faworytność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytność	faworytność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytność	faworytność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
faworytna	faworytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
faworytną	faworytny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
faworytną	faworytny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
faworytne	faworytny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytne	faworytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytne	faworytny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytne	faworytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytnego	faworytny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
faworytnego	faworytny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytnej	faworytny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
faworytnej	faworytny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
faworytnej	faworytny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
faworytnemu	faworytny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytni	faworytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faworytno	faworytny	adja		przest.
faworytnych	faworytny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
faworytnych	faworytny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytnych	faworytny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytny	faworytny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
faworytny	faworytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
faworytnym	faworytny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworytnym	faworytny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytnym	faworytny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
faworytnymi	faworytny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
faworycie	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyci	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyci	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytach	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyta	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyta	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytami	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytem	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyt	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytom	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytowi	faworyt:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytów	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworytów	faworyt:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworycie	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytach	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytach	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyta	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyta	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyta	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytami	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytami	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytem	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytem	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyt	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyt	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyt	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytom	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytom	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytowi	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytowi	faworyt:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytów	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworytów	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
faworyty	faworyt:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmach	faworytyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmami	faworytyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmem	faworytyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzm	faworytyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzm	faworytyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmie	faworytyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmie	faworytyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmom	faworytyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmowi	faworytyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmów	faworytyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmu	faworytyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmy	faworytyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmy	faworytyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworytyzmy	faworytyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacjach	faworyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacja	faworyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacjami	faworyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacją	faworyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacje	faworyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacje	faworyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacje	faworyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzację	faworyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacji	faworyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
faworyzacji	faworyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacji	faworyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacji	faworyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacjo	faworyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacjom	faworyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzacyj	faworyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
faworyzmach	faworyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmami	faworyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmem	faworyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzm	faworyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzm	faworyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmie	faworyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmie	faworyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmom	faworyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmowi	faworyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmów	faworyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmu	faworyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmy	faworyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmy	faworyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzmy	faworyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faworyzować	faworyzować	inf:imperf		
faworyzowaliby	faworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faworyzowalibyście	faworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faworyzowalibyśmy	faworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faworyzowali	faworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
faworyzowali	faworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
faworyzowaliście	faworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
faworyzowaliśmy	faworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałaby	faworyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałabym	faworyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałabyś	faworyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faworyzowała	faworyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
faworyzowała	faworyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałam	faworyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałaś	faworyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
faworyzowałby	faworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałbym	faworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałbyś	faworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faworyzowałem	faworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałeś	faworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
faworyzował	faworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
faworyzował	faworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałoby	faworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałobym	faworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałobyś	faworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faworyzowało	faworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
faworyzowało	faworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałom	faworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
faworyzowałoś	faworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
faworyzowałyby	faworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałybyście	faworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faworyzowałybyśmy	faworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faworyzowały	faworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
faworyzowały	faworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
faworyzowałyście	faworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
faworyzowałyśmy	faworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
faworyzowana	faworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaną	faworyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzowane	faworyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowane	faworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanego	faworyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanego	faworyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanej	faworyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanemu	faworyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaniach	faworyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowania	faworyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowania	faworyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaniami	faworyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanie	faworyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaniem	faworyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowani	faworyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaniom	faworyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowaniu	faworyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowano	faworyzować	imps:imperf		
faworyzowanych	faworyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanych	faworyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowany	faworyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowany	faworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanym	faworyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanym	faworyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzowanymi	faworyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzowań	faworyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzująca	faworyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzującą	faworyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzujące	faworyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzujące	faworyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzującego	faworyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
faworyzującego	faworyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzującej	faworyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
faworyzującemu	faworyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzując	faworyzować	pcon:imperf		
faworyzująco	faworyzować	pacta		
faworyzujących	faworyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworyzujących	faworyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzujący	faworyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
faworyzujący	faworyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
faworyzujący	faworyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
faworyzującym	faworyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzującym	faworyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
faworyzującymi	faworyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
faworyzują	faworyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
faworyzujcie	faworyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
faworyzujecie	faworyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
faworyzuje	faworyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
faworyzujemy	faworyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
faworyzujesz	faworyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
faworyzuję	faworyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
faworyzuj	faworyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
faworyzujmy	faworyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
faksach	fax	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksami	fax	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksem	fax	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksie	fax	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksie	fax	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksom	fax	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksowi	fax	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksów	fax	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksu	fax	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	fax	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	fax	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
faksy	fax	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fax	fax	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fax	fax	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazach	faza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faza	faza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazami	faza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazą	faza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazę	faza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
faz	faza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazie	faza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazie	faza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazo	faza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazom	faza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazy	faza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazy	faza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazy	faza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazy	faza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendach	fazenda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazenda	fazenda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendami	fazenda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendą	fazenda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendę	fazenda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazend	fazenda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendo	fazenda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendom	fazenda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendy	fazenda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendy	fazenda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendy	fazenda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendy	fazenda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendzie	fazenda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazendzie	fazenda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderach	fazender	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazendera	fazender	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazendera	fazender	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderami	fazender	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderem	fazender	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazender	fazender	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderom	fazender	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderowi	fazender	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderów	fazender	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderów	fazender	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazendery	fazender	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fazendery	fazender	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderze	fazender	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderze	fazender	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderzy	fazender	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazenderzy	fazender	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzach	fazomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzach	fazomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierza	fazomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierza	fazomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzami	fazomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzami	fazomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierze	fazomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzem	fazomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzem	fazomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierz	fazomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierz	fazomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierz	fazomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierz	fazomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzom	fazomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzom	fazomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzowi	fazomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzowi	fazomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzów	fazomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzu	fazomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzu	fazomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzu	fazomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazomierzu	fazomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fazomierzy	fazomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronach	fazotron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronami	fazotron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronem	fazotron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotron	fazotron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotron	fazotron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronie	fazotron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronie	fazotron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronom	fazotron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronowi	fazotron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronów	fazotron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotronu	fazotron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotrony	fazotron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotrony	fazotron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazotrony	fazotron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fazować	fazować	inf:imperf		
fazowaliby	fazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fazowalibyście	fazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fazowalibyśmy	fazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fazowali	fazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fazowali	fazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fazowaliście	fazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fazowaliśmy	fazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fazowałaby	fazować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fazowałabym	fazować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fazowałabyś	fazować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fazowała	fazować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fazowała	fazować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fazowałam	fazować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fazowałaś	fazować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fazowałby	fazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fazowałbym	fazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fazowałbyś	fazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fazowałem	fazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fazowałeś	fazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fazował	fazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fazował	fazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fazowałoby	fazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fazowałobym	fazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fazowałobyś	fazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fazowało	fazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fazowało	fazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fazowałom	fazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fazowałoś	fazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fazowałyby	fazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fazowałybyście	fazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fazowałybyśmy	fazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fazowały	fazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fazowały	fazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fazowałyście	fazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fazowałyśmy	fazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fazowana	fazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fazowaną	fazować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fazowane	fazować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazowane	fazować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazowanego	fazować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fazowanego	fazować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazowanej	fazować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fazowanemu	fazować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazowaniach	fazować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowania	fazować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowania	fazować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowaniami	fazować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowanie	fazować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowaniem	fazować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowani	fazować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fazowaniom	fazować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowaniu	fazować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fazowano	fazować	imps:imperf		
fazowanych	fazować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fazowanych	fazować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazowany	fazować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fazowany	fazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fazowanym	fazować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazowanym	fazować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazowanymi	fazować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazowań	fazować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fazująca	fazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fazującą	fazować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fazujące	fazować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazujące	fazować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazującego	fazować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fazującego	fazować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazującej	fazować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fazującemu	fazować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazując	fazować	pcon:imperf		
fazująco	fazować	pacta		
fazujących	fazować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fazujących	fazować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazujący	fazować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fazujący	fazować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fazujący	fazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fazującym	fazować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazującym	fazować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fazującymi	fazować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fazują	fazować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fazujcie	fazować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fazujecie	fazować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fazuje	fazować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fazujemy	fazować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fazujesz	fazować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fazuję	fazować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fazuj	fazować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fazujmy	fazować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fazowo	fazowo	adv:pos		
fazowościach	fazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowościami	fazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowością	fazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowości	fazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowościom	fazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowość	fazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowość	fazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fazowa	fazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fazową	fazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fazową	fazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fazowe	fazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fazowe	fazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fazowe	fazowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fazowe	fazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fazowego	fazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fazowego	fazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fazowej	fazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fazowej	fazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fazowej	fazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fazowemu	fazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fazowi	fazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fazowo	fazowy	adja		
fazowych	fazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fazowych	fazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fazowych	fazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fazowy	fazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fazowy	fazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fazowym	fazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fazowym	fazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fazowym	fazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fazowymi	fazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fąfel	fąfel	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfel	fąfel	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflach	fąfel	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflach	fąfel	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfla	fąfel	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfla	fąfel	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfla	fąfel	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfla	fąfel	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflami	fąfel	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflami	fąfel	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfle	fąfel	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflem	fąfel	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflem	fąfel	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfli	fąfel	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfli	fąfel	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfli	fąfel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflom	fąfel	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflom	fąfel	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflowi	fąfel	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflowi	fąfel	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflów	fąfel	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflów	fąfel	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflów	fąfel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflu	fąfel	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflu	fąfel	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflu	fąfel	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąflu	fąfel	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|żart.
fąfrach	fąfry	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąframi	fąfry	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąfrom	fąfry	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąfrów	fąfry	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąfry	fąfry	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąfry	fąfry	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fąfry	fąfry	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fe	fe	interj		
feblikach	feblik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblika	feblik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblikami	feblik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblik	feblik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblik	feblik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblikiem	feblik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febliki	feblik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febliki	feblik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febliki	feblik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblikom	feblik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblikowi	feblik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feblików	feblik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febliku	feblik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febliku	feblik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
febrach	febra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febra	febra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrami	febra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrą	febra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrę	febra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febr	febra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
febro	febra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrom	febra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
febry	febra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febry	febra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
febry	febra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febry	febra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrze	febra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrze	febra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrowościach	febrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowościami	febrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowością	febrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowości	febrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowościom	febrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowość	febrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowość	febrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrowa	febrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
febrową	febrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
febrową	febrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
febrowe	febrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
febrowe	febrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
febrowe	febrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowe	febrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowego	febrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
febrowego	febrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowej	febrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
febrowej	febrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
febrowej	febrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
febrowemu	febrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowi	febrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
febrowo	febrowy	adja		daw.
febrowych	febrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
febrowych	febrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
febrowych	febrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
febrowy	febrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
febrowy	febrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
febrowym	febrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
febrowym	febrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowym	febrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
febrowymi	febrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
februarach	februar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februara	februar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarami	februar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarem	februar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februar	februar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februar	februar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarom	februar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarowi	februar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarów	februar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
february	februar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
february	februar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
february	februar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarze	februar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
februarze	februar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
febrycznie	febrycznie	adv:pos		
febrycznościach	febryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrycznościami	febryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrycznością	febryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczności	febryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febrycznościom	febryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczność	febryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczność	febryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
febryczna	febryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
febryczną	febryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
febryczną	febryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
febryczne	febryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
febryczne	febryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
febryczne	febryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
febryczne	febryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
febrycznego	febryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
febrycznego	febryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
febrycznej	febryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
febrycznej	febryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
febrycznej	febryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
febrycznemu	febryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
febryczni	febryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
febryczno	febryczny	adja		
febrycznych	febryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
febrycznych	febryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
febrycznych	febryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
febryczny	febryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
febryczny	febryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
febrycznym	febryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
febrycznym	febryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
febrycznym	febryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
febrycznymi	febryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
febrzyskach	febrzysko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyska	febrzysko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyska	febrzysko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyska	febrzysko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyska	febrzysko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyskami	febrzysko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysk	febrzysko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyskiem	febrzysko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysko	febrzysko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysko	febrzysko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysko	febrzysko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzyskom	febrzysko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysku	febrzysko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
febrzysku	febrzysko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzach	fechmistrz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrza	fechmistrz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrza	fechmistrz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzami	fechmistrz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrze	fechmistrz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrze	fechmistrz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrze	fechmistrz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrze	fechmistrz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzem	fechmistrz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrz	fechmistrz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzom	fechmistrz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzowie	fechmistrz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzowie	fechmistrz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzowi	fechmistrz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzów	fechmistrz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzów	fechmistrz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzu	fechmistrz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzu	fechmistrz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechmistrzowscy	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fechmistrzowska	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fechmistrzowską	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fechmistrzowską	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fechmistrzowskich	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fechmistrzowskich	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowskich	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowskie	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowskie	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowskie	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowskie	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowskiego	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fechmistrzowskiego	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowskiej	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fechmistrzowskiej	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fechmistrzowskiej	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fechmistrzowskiemu	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowski	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fechmistrzowski	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fechmistrzowskim	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowskim	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowskim	fechmistrzowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechmistrzowskimi	fechmistrzowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechmistrzowsko	fechmistrzowski	adja		
fechmistrzowsku	fechmistrzowski	adjp		
fechmistrzowsko	fechmistrzowsko	adv:pos		
fechmistrzowskościach	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskościami	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskością	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskości	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskościom	fechmistrzowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskość	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechmistrzowskość	fechmistrzowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtarscy	fechtarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fechtarska	fechtarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fechtarską	fechtarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fechtarską	fechtarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fechtarskich	fechtarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fechtarskich	fechtarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarskich	fechtarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarskie	fechtarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarskie	fechtarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarskie	fechtarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarskie	fechtarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarskiego	fechtarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fechtarskiego	fechtarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarskiej	fechtarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fechtarskiej	fechtarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fechtarskiej	fechtarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fechtarskiemu	fechtarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarski	fechtarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fechtarski	fechtarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fechtarskim	fechtarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarskim	fechtarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarskim	fechtarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fechtarskimi	fechtarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fechtarsko	fechtarski	adja		daw.
fechtarsku	fechtarski	adjp		daw.
fechtarsko	fechtarsko	adv:pos		daw.
fechtarskościach	fechtarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskościami	fechtarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskością	fechtarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskości	fechtarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskościom	fechtarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskość	fechtarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtarskość	fechtarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fechtmistrzach	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrza	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrza	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzami	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrze	fechtmistrz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrze	fechtmistrz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrze	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrze	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzem	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrz	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzom	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzowie	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzowie	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzowi	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzów	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzów	fechtmistrz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzu	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzu	fechtmistrz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtmistrzowscy	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fechtmistrzowska	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowską	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowską	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowskich	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fechtmistrzowskich	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskich	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskie	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskie	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskie	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskie	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiego	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiego	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiej	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiej	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiej	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fechtmistrzowskiemu	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowski	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fechtmistrzowski	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskim	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowskim	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskim	fechtmistrzowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtmistrzowskimi	fechtmistrzowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtmistrzowsko	fechtmistrzowski	adja		
fechtmistrzowsku	fechtmistrzowski	adjp		
fechtmistrzowsko	fechtmistrzowsko	adv:pos		
fechtmistrzowskościach	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskościami	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskością	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskości	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskościom	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskość	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtmistrzowskość	fechtmistrzowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtować	fechtować	inf:imperf		przest.
fechtowaliby	fechtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowalibyście	fechtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowalibyśmy	fechtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowali	fechtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fechtowali	fechtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowaliście	fechtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowaliśmy	fechtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałaby	fechtować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałabym	fechtować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałabyś	fechtować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowała	fechtować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fechtowała	fechtować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałam	fechtować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałaś	fechtować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowałby	fechtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałbym	fechtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałbyś	fechtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowałem	fechtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałeś	fechtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtował	fechtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fechtował	fechtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałoby	fechtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałobym	fechtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałobyś	fechtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowało	fechtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fechtowało	fechtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałom	fechtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowałoś	fechtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowałyby	fechtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałybyście	fechtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowałybyśmy	fechtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowały	fechtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fechtowały	fechtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtowałyście	fechtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtowałyśmy	fechtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtowaniach	fechtować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowania	fechtować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowania	fechtować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowaniami	fechtować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowanie	fechtować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowaniem	fechtować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowaniom	fechtować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowaniu	fechtować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtowano	fechtować	imps:imperf		przest.
fechtowań	fechtować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fechtująca	fechtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fechtującą	fechtować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fechtujące	fechtować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fechtujące	fechtować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fechtującego	fechtować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fechtującego	fechtować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fechtującej	fechtować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fechtującemu	fechtować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fechtując	fechtować	pcon:imperf		przest.
fechtująco	fechtować	pacta		
fechtujących	fechtować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fechtujących	fechtować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fechtujący	fechtować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fechtujący	fechtować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fechtujący	fechtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fechtującym	fechtować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fechtującym	fechtować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fechtującymi	fechtować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fechtują	fechtować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtujcie	fechtować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtujecie	fechtować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtuje	fechtować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fechtujemy	fechtować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtujesz	fechtować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtuję	fechtować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtuj	fechtować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fechtujmy	fechtować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fechtunek	fechtunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunek	fechtunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkach	fechtunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkami	fechtunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkiem	fechtunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunki	fechtunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunki	fechtunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunki	fechtunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkom	fechtunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkowi	fechtunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunków	fechtunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunku	fechtunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunku	fechtunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunku	fechtunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtunkowościach	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowościami	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowością	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowości	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowościom	fechtunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowość	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowość	fechtunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fechtunkowa	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fechtunkową	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fechtunkową	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fechtunkowe	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechtunkowe	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fechtunkowe	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowe	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowego	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fechtunkowego	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowej	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fechtunkowej	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fechtunkowej	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fechtunkowemu	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowi	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fechtunkowo	fechtunkowy	adja		
fechtunkowych	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fechtunkowych	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtunkowych	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtunkowy	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fechtunkowy	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fechtunkowym	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtunkowym	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowym	fechtunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fechtunkowymi	fechtunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fechtach	fechty	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtami	fechty	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtom	fechty	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechtów	fechty	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechty	fechty	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechty	fechty	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fechty	fechty	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fecjale	fecjał	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjale	fecjał	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałach	fecjał	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjała	fecjał	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjała	fecjał	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałami	fecjał	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałem	fecjał	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjał	fecjał	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałom	fecjał	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałowie	fecjał	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałowie	fecjał	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałowi	fecjał	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałów	fecjał	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjałów	fecjał	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fecjały	fecjał	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fecjały	fecjał	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fedainach	fedain	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedaina	fedain	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedaina	fedain	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainami	fedain	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainem	fedain	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedain	fedain	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainie	fedain	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainie	fedain	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedaini	fedain	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedaini	fedain	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainom	fedain	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainowi	fedain	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainów	fedain	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainów	fedain	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fedainy	fedain	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fedainy	fedain	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feddanach	feddan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddana	feddan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanami	feddan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanem	feddan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddan	feddan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddan	feddan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanie	feddan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanie	feddan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanom	feddan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanowi	feddan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddanów	feddan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddany	feddan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddany	feddan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feddany	feddan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federacjach	federacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacja	federacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacjami	federacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacją	federacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacje	federacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacje	federacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacje	federacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federację	federacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacji	federacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
federacji	federacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacji	federacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacji	federacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacjo	federacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacjom	federacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyj	federacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
federacyjnie	federacyjnie	adv:pos		
federacyjnościach	federacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjnościami	federacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjnością	federacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjności	federacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjnościom	federacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjność	federacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjność	federacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federacyjna	federacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
federacyjną	federacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
federacyjną	federacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
federacyjne	federacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federacyjne	federacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federacyjne	federacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
federacyjne	federacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
federacyjnego	federacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
federacyjnego	federacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federacyjnej	federacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
federacyjnej	federacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
federacyjnej	federacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
federacyjnemu	federacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federacyjni	federacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
federacyjno	federacyjny	adja		
federacyjnych	federacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
federacyjnych	federacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federacyjnych	federacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federacyjny	federacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
federacyjny	federacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
federacyjnym	federacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federacyjnym	federacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federacyjnym	federacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federacyjnymi	federacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalistach	federalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalista	federalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistami	federalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistą	federalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistę	federalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalisto	federalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistom	federalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistów	federalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistów	federalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalisty	federalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
federalisty	federalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
federalisty	federalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaliście	federalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaliście	federalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaliści	federalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaliści	federalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federalistycznościach	federalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistycznościami	federalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistycznością	federalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczności	federalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistycznościom	federalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczność	federalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczność	federalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalistyczna	federalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
federalistyczną	federalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
federalistyczną	federalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
federalistyczne	federalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federalistyczne	federalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federalistyczne	federalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
federalistyczne	federalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
federalistycznego	federalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
federalistycznego	federalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalistycznej	federalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
federalistycznej	federalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
federalistycznej	federalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
federalistycznemu	federalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalistyczni	federalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
federalistyczno	federalistyczny	adja		
federalistycznych	federalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
federalistycznych	federalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalistycznych	federalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalistyczny	federalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
federalistyczny	federalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
federalistycznym	federalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalistycznym	federalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalistycznym	federalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalistycznymi	federalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalizacjach	federalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacja	federalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacjami	federalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacją	federalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacje	federalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacje	federalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacje	federalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizację	federalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacji	federalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
federalizacji	federalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacji	federalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacji	federalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacjo	federalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacjom	federalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalizacyj	federalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
federalizmach	federalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmami	federalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmem	federalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizm	federalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizm	federalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmie	federalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmie	federalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmom	federalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmowi	federalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmów	federalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmu	federalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmy	federalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmy	federalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizmy	federalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
federalizować	federalizować	inf:imperf		
federalizowaliby	federalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
federalizowalibyście	federalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
federalizowalibyśmy	federalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
federalizowali	federalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
federalizowali	federalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
federalizowaliście	federalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
federalizowaliśmy	federalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
federalizowałaby	federalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
federalizowałabym	federalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
federalizowałabyś	federalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
federalizowała	federalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
federalizowała	federalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
federalizowałam	federalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
federalizowałaś	federalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
federalizowałby	federalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
federalizowałbym	federalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
federalizowałbyś	federalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
federalizowałem	federalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
federalizowałeś	federalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
federalizował	federalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
federalizował	federalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
federalizowałoby	federalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
federalizowałobym	federalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
federalizowałobyś	federalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
federalizowało	federalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
federalizowało	federalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
federalizowałom	federalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
federalizowałoś	federalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
federalizowałyby	federalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
federalizowałybyście	federalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
federalizowałybyśmy	federalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
federalizowały	federalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
federalizowały	federalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
federalizowałyście	federalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
federalizowałyśmy	federalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
federalizowana	federalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
federalizowaną	federalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
federalizowane	federalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizowane	federalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowanego	federalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
federalizowanego	federalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowanej	federalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
federalizowanemu	federalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowaniach	federalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowania	federalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowania	federalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowaniami	federalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowanie	federalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowaniem	federalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowani	federalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federalizowaniom	federalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowaniu	federalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowano	federalizować	imps:imperf		
federalizowanych	federalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federalizowanych	federalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizowany	federalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
federalizowany	federalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
federalizowanym	federalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizowanym	federalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizowanymi	federalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizowań	federalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
federalizująca	federalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
federalizującą	federalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
federalizujące	federalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizujące	federalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizującego	federalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
federalizującego	federalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizującej	federalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
federalizującemu	federalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizując	federalizować	pcon:imperf		
federalizująco	federalizować	pacta		
federalizujących	federalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federalizujących	federalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizujący	federalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federalizujący	federalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
federalizujący	federalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
federalizującym	federalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizującym	federalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federalizującymi	federalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federalizują	federalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
federalizujcie	federalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
federalizujecie	federalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
federalizuje	federalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
federalizujemy	federalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
federalizujesz	federalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
federalizuję	federalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
federalizuj	federalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
federalizujmy	federalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
federalnościach	federalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalnościami	federalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalnością	federalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalności	federalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalnościom	federalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalność	federalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalność	federalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federalna	federalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
federalną	federalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
federalną	federalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
federalne	federalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federalne	federalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federalne	federalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
federalne	federalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
federalnego	federalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
federalnego	federalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalnej	federalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
federalnej	federalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
federalnej	federalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
federalnemu	federalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalni	federalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
federalno	federalny	adja		
federalnych	federalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
federalnych	federalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalnych	federalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalny	federalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
federalny	federalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
federalnym	federalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federalnym	federalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalnym	federalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federalnymi	federalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federacie	federat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federacie	federat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaci	federat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaci	federat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatach	federat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federata	federat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federata	federat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatami	federat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatem	federat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federat	federat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatom	federat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatowi	federat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatów	federat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federatów	federat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
federaty	federat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
federaty	federat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
federatywnie	federatywnie	adv:pos		
federatywnościach	federatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywnościami	federatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywnością	federatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywności	federatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywnościom	federatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywność	federatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywność	federatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
federatywna	federatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
federatywną	federatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
federatywną	federatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
federatywne	federatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federatywne	federatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
federatywne	federatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
federatywne	federatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
federatywnego	federatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
federatywnego	federatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federatywnej	federatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
federatywnej	federatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
federatywnej	federatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
federatywnemu	federatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federatywni	federatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
federatywno	federatywny	adja		
federatywnych	federatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
federatywnych	federatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federatywnych	federatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federatywny	federatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
federatywny	federatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
federatywnym	federatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federatywnym	federatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federatywnym	federatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
federatywnymi	federatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
federować	federować	inf:imperf		
federowaliby	federować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
federowalibyście	federować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
federowalibyśmy	federować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
federowali	federować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
federowali	federować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
federowaliście	federować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
federowaliśmy	federować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
federowałaby	federować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
federowałabym	federować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
federowałabyś	federować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
federowała	federować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
federowała	federować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
federowałam	federować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
federowałaś	federować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
federowałby	federować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
federowałbym	federować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
federowałbyś	federować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
federowałem	federować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
federowałeś	federować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
federował	federować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
federował	federować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
federowałoby	federować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
federowałobym	federować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
federowałobyś	federować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
federowało	federować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
federowało	federować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
federowałom	federować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
federowałoś	federować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
federowałyby	federować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
federowałybyście	federować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
federowałybyśmy	federować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
federowały	federować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
federowały	federować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
federowałyście	federować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
federowałyśmy	federować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
federowana	federować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
federowaną	federować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
federowane	federować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federowane	federować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federowanego	federować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
federowanego	federować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federowanej	federować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
federowanemu	federować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federowaniach	federować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
federowania	federować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
federowania	federować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
federowaniami	federować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
federowanie	federować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
federowaniem	federować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
federowani	federować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federowaniom	federować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
federowaniu	federować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
federowano	federować	imps:imperf		
federowanych	federować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federowanych	federować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federowany	federować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
federowany	federować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
federowanym	federować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federowanym	federować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federowanymi	federować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federowań	federować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
federująca	federować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
federującą	federować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
federujące	federować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federujące	federować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federującego	federować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
federującego	federować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federującej	federować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
federującemu	federować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federując	federować	pcon:imperf		
federująco	federować	pacta		
federujących	federować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federujących	federować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federujący	federować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
federujący	federować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
federujący	federować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
federującym	federować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federującym	federować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
federującymi	federować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
federują	federować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
federujcie	federować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
federujecie	federować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
federuje	federować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
federujemy	federować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
federujesz	federować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
federuję	federować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
federuj	federować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
federujmy	federować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fedrować	fedrować	inf:imperf		środ.
fedrowaliby	fedrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowalibyście	fedrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowalibyśmy	fedrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowali	fedrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		środ.
fedrowali	fedrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowaliście	fedrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowaliśmy	fedrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałaby	fedrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałabym	fedrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałabyś	fedrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowała	fedrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		środ.
fedrowała	fedrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałam	fedrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałaś	fedrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowałby	fedrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałbym	fedrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałbyś	fedrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowałem	fedrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałeś	fedrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrował	fedrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		środ.
fedrował	fedrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałoby	fedrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałobym	fedrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałobyś	fedrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowało	fedrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		środ.
fedrowało	fedrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałom	fedrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowałoś	fedrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowałyby	fedrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałybyście	fedrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowałybyśmy	fedrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowały	fedrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		środ.
fedrowały	fedrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrowałyście	fedrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrowałyśmy	fedrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrowana	fedrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaną	fedrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowane	fedrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowane	fedrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanego	fedrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanego	fedrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanej	fedrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanemu	fedrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaniach	fedrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowania	fedrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowania	fedrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaniami	fedrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanie	fedrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaniem	fedrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowani	fedrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaniom	fedrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowaniu	fedrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowano	fedrować	imps:imperf		środ.
fedrowanych	fedrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanych	fedrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowany	fedrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowany	fedrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanym	fedrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanym	fedrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowanymi	fedrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrowań	fedrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrująca	fedrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującą	fedrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujące	fedrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujące	fedrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującego	fedrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującego	fedrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującej	fedrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującemu	fedrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrując	fedrować	pcon:imperf		środ.
fedrująco	fedrować	pacta		środ.
fedrujących	fedrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujących	fedrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujący	fedrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujący	fedrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrujący	fedrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującym	fedrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującym	fedrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrującymi	fedrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		środ.
fedrują	fedrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrujcie	fedrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrujecie	fedrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		środ.
fedruje	fedrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		środ.
fedrujemy	fedrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrujesz	fedrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		środ.
fedruję	fedrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		środ.
fedruj	fedrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		środ.
fedrujmy	fedrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		środ.
fedrunek	fedrunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunek	fedrunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunkach	fedrunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunkami	fedrunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunkiem	fedrunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunki	fedrunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunki	fedrunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunki	fedrunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunkom	fedrunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunkowi	fedrunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunków	fedrunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunku	fedrunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunku	fedrunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
fedrunku	fedrunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
feedbackach	feedback	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbackami	feedback	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedback	feedback	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbackiem	feedback	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacki	feedback	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacki	feedback	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacki	feedback	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbackom	feedback	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbackowi	feedback	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacków	feedback	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacku	feedback	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacku	feedback	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feedbacku	feedback	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingach	feeling	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingami	feeling	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feeling	feeling	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feeling	feeling	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingiem	feeling	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingi	feeling	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingi	feeling	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingi	feeling	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingom	feeling	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingowi	feeling	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingów	feeling	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingu	feeling	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingu	feeling	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feelingu	feeling	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feeriach	feeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeria	feeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeriami	feeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerią	feeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerie	feeria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerie	feeria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerie	feeria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerię	feeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerii	feeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
feerii	feeria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerii	feeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerii	feeria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerio	feeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeriom	feeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryj	feeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
feerycznie	feerycznie	adv:pos		
feerycznościach	feeryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerycznościami	feeryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerycznością	feeryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczności	feeryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feerycznościom	feeryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczność	feeryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczność	feeryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryczna	feeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feeryczną	feeryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feeryczną	feeryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feeryczne	feeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feeryczne	feeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feeryczne	feeryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feeryczne	feeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feerycznego	feeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feerycznego	feeryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feerycznej	feeryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feerycznej	feeryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feerycznej	feeryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feerycznemu	feeryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feeryczni	feeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feeryczno	feeryczny	adja		
feerycznych	feeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feerycznych	feeryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feerycznych	feeryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryczny	feeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feeryczny	feeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feerycznym	feeryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feerycznym	feeryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feerycznym	feeryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feerycznymi	feeryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjnościach	feeryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjnościami	feeryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjnością	feeryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjności	feeryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjnościom	feeryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjność	feeryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjność	feeryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feeryjna	feeryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feeryjną	feeryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feeryjną	feeryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feeryjne	feeryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjne	feeryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjne	feeryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feeryjne	feeryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feeryjnego	feeryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feeryjnego	feeryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feeryjnej	feeryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feeryjnej	feeryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feeryjnej	feeryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feeryjnemu	feeryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feeryjni	feeryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feeryjno	feeryjny	adja		
feeryjnych	feeryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feeryjnych	feeryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjnych	feeryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjny	feeryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feeryjny	feeryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feeryjnym	feeryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryjnym	feeryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feeryjnym	feeryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feeryjnymi	feeryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feeryzować	feeryzować	inf:imperf		
feeryzowaliby	feeryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
feeryzowalibyście	feeryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
feeryzowalibyśmy	feeryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
feeryzowali	feeryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
feeryzowali	feeryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
feeryzowaliście	feeryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
feeryzowaliśmy	feeryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałaby	feeryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałabym	feeryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałabyś	feeryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
feeryzowała	feeryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
feeryzowała	feeryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałam	feeryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałaś	feeryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
feeryzowałby	feeryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałbym	feeryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałbyś	feeryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
feeryzowałem	feeryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałeś	feeryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
feeryzował	feeryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
feeryzował	feeryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałoby	feeryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałobym	feeryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałobyś	feeryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
feeryzowało	feeryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
feeryzowało	feeryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałom	feeryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
feeryzowałoś	feeryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
feeryzowałyby	feeryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałybyście	feeryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
feeryzowałybyśmy	feeryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
feeryzowały	feeryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
feeryzowały	feeryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
feeryzowałyście	feeryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
feeryzowałyśmy	feeryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
feeryzowana	feeryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaną	feeryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzowane	feeryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowane	feeryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanego	feeryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanego	feeryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanej	feeryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanemu	feeryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaniach	feeryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowania	feeryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowania	feeryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaniami	feeryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanie	feeryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaniem	feeryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowani	feeryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaniom	feeryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowaniu	feeryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowano	feeryzować	imps:imperf		
feeryzowanych	feeryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanych	feeryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowany	feeryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowany	feeryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanym	feeryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanym	feeryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzowanymi	feeryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzowań	feeryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzująca	feeryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzującą	feeryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzujące	feeryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzujące	feeryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzującego	feeryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
feeryzującego	feeryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzującej	feeryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
feeryzującemu	feeryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzując	feeryzować	pcon:imperf		
feeryzująco	feeryzować	pacta		
feeryzujących	feeryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feeryzujących	feeryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzujący	feeryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feeryzujący	feeryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
feeryzujący	feeryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
feeryzującym	feeryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzującym	feeryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feeryzującymi	feeryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feeryzują	feeryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
feeryzujcie	feeryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
feeryzujecie	feeryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
feeryzuje	feeryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
feeryzujemy	feeryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
feeryzujesz	feeryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
feeryzuję	feeryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
feeryzuj	feeryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
feeryzujmy	feeryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fejletonach	fejleton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonami	fejleton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonem	fejleton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejleton	fejleton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejleton	fejleton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonie	fejleton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonie	fejleton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonom	fejleton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowi	fejleton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonów	fejleton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonu	fejleton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletony	fejleton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletony	fejleton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletony	fejleton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistach	fejletonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonista	fejletonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistami	fejletonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistą	fejletonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistę	fejletonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonisto	fejletonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistom	fejletonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistów	fejletonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonistów	fejletonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonisty	fejletonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonisty	fejletonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonisty	fejletonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletoniście	fejletonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletoniście	fejletonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletoniści	fejletonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletoniści	fejletonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowościach	fejletonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowościami	fejletonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowością	fejletonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowości	fejletonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowościom	fejletonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowość	fejletonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowość	fejletonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fejletonowa	fejletonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
fejletonową	fejletonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
fejletonową	fejletonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
fejletonowe	fejletonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejletonowe	fejletonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejletonowe	fejletonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowe	fejletonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowego	fejletonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
fejletonowego	fejletonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowej	fejletonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
fejletonowej	fejletonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
fejletonowej	fejletonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
fejletonowemu	fejletonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowi	fejletonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fejletonowo	fejletonowy	adja		przest.
fejletonowych	fejletonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fejletonowych	fejletonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejletonowych	fejletonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejletonowy	fejletonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
fejletonowy	fejletonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
fejletonowym	fejletonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejletonowym	fejletonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowym	fejletonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fejletonowymi	fejletonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fejnach	fejn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnami	fejn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnem	fejn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejn	fejn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejn	fejn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnie	fejn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnie	fejn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnom	fejn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnowi	fejn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnów	fejn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejnu	fejn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejny	fejn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejny	fejn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejny	fejn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fejsach	fejs	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsa	fejs	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsa	fejs	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsami	fejs	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsem	fejs	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejs	fejs	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsie	fejs	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsie	fejs	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsom	fejs	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsowi	fejs	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsów	fejs	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsy	fejs	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsy	fejs	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsy	fejs	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fejsbukach	fejsbuk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukach	fejsbuk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuka	fejsbuk	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuka	fejsbuk	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuka	fejsbuk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukami	fejsbuk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukami	fejsbuk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuk	fejsbuk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuk	fejsbuk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuk	fejsbuk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukiem	fejsbuk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukiem	fejsbuk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuki	fejsbuk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukom	fejsbuk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukom	fejsbuk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukowi	fejsbuk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbukowi	fejsbuk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuków	fejsbuk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuków	fejsbuk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuku	fejsbuk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuku	fejsbuk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuku	fejsbuk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fejsbuku	fejsbuk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fekaliach	fekalia	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekalia	fekalia	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekalia	fekalia	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekalia	fekalia	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekaliami	fekalia	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekaliom	fekalia	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekaliów	fekalia	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fekalnościach	fekalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalnościami	fekalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalnością	fekalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalności	fekalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalnościom	fekalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalność	fekalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalność	fekalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fekalna	fekalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fekalną	fekalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fekalną	fekalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fekalne	fekalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fekalne	fekalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fekalne	fekalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fekalne	fekalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fekalnego	fekalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fekalnego	fekalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fekalnej	fekalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fekalnej	fekalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fekalnej	fekalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fekalnemu	fekalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fekalni	fekalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fekalno	fekalny	adja		
fekalnych	fekalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fekalnych	fekalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fekalnych	fekalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fekalny	fekalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fekalny	fekalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fekalnym	fekalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fekalnym	fekalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fekalnym	fekalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fekalnymi	fekalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fektować	fektować	inf:imperf		daw.
fektowaliby	fektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowalibyście	fektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowalibyśmy	fektować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowali	fektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fektowali	fektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowaliście	fektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowaliśmy	fektować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałaby	fektować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałabym	fektować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałabyś	fektować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowała	fektować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fektowała	fektować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałam	fektować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałaś	fektować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowałby	fektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałbym	fektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałbyś	fektować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowałem	fektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałeś	fektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fektował	fektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fektował	fektować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałoby	fektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałobym	fektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałobyś	fektować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowało	fektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fektowało	fektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałom	fektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowałoś	fektować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowałyby	fektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałybyście	fektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowałybyśmy	fektować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowały	fektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fektowały	fektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fektowałyście	fektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fektowałyśmy	fektować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fektowaniach	fektować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowania	fektować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowania	fektować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowaniami	fektować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowanie	fektować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowaniem	fektować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowaniom	fektować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowaniu	fektować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fektowano	fektować	imps:imperf		daw.
fektowań	fektować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fektująca	fektować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fektującą	fektować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fektujące	fektować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fektujące	fektować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fektującego	fektować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fektującego	fektować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fektującej	fektować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fektującemu	fektować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fektując	fektować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fektująco	fektować	pacta		
fektujących	fektować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fektujących	fektować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fektujący	fektować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fektujący	fektować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fektujący	fektować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fektującym	fektować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fektującym	fektować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fektującymi	fektować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fektują	fektować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fektujcie	fektować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fektujecie	fektować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fektuje	fektować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fektujemy	fektować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fektujesz	fektować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fektuję	fektować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fektuj	fektować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fektujmy	fektować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
felach	fela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
fela	fela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felami	fela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felą	fela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
fele	fela	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
fele	fela	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
fele	fela	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felę	fela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
feli	fela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
feli	fela	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
feli	fela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
feli	fela	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felo	fela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felom	fela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	górn.
felcach	felc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felca	felc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcami	felc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felce	felc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felce	felc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felce	felc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcem	felc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felc	felc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felc	felc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcom	felc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcowi	felc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felców	felc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcu	felc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcu	felc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felcechach	felcech	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechami	felcech	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechem	felcech	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcech	felcech	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcech	felcech	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechom	felcech	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechowi	felcech	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechów	felcech	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechu	felcech	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechu	felcech	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechu	felcech	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechy	felcech	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechy	felcech	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcechy	felcech	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felcować	felcować	inf:imperf		
felcowaliby	felcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
felcowalibyście	felcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
felcowalibyśmy	felcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
felcowali	felcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
felcowali	felcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
felcowaliście	felcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
felcowaliśmy	felcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
felcowałaby	felcować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
felcowałabym	felcować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
felcowałabyś	felcować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
felcowała	felcować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
felcowała	felcować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
felcowałam	felcować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
felcowałaś	felcować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
felcowałby	felcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
felcowałbym	felcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
felcowałbyś	felcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
felcowałem	felcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
felcowałeś	felcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
felcował	felcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
felcował	felcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
felcowałoby	felcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
felcowałobym	felcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
felcowałobyś	felcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
felcowało	felcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
felcowało	felcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
felcowałom	felcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
felcowałoś	felcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
felcowałyby	felcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
felcowałybyście	felcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
felcowałybyśmy	felcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
felcowały	felcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
felcowały	felcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
felcowałyście	felcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
felcowałyśmy	felcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
felcowana	felcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
felcowaną	felcować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
felcowane	felcować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcowane	felcować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcowanego	felcować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
felcowanego	felcować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcowanej	felcować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
felcowanemu	felcować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcowaniach	felcować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowania	felcować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowania	felcować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowaniami	felcować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowanie	felcować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowaniem	felcować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowani	felcować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felcowaniom	felcować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowaniu	felcować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felcowano	felcować	imps:imperf		
felcowanych	felcować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felcowanych	felcować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcowany	felcować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
felcowany	felcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
felcowanym	felcować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcowanym	felcować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcowanymi	felcować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcowań	felcować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felcująca	felcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
felcującą	felcować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
felcujące	felcować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcujące	felcować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcującego	felcować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
felcującego	felcować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcującej	felcować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
felcującemu	felcować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcując	felcować	pcon:imperf		
felcująco	felcować	pacta		
felcujących	felcować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felcujących	felcować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcujący	felcować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felcujący	felcować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
felcujący	felcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
felcującym	felcować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcującym	felcować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felcującymi	felcować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felcują	felcować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
felcujcie	felcować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
felcujecie	felcować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
felcuje	felcować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
felcujemy	felcować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
felcujesz	felcować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
felcuję	felcować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
felcuj	felcować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
felcujmy	felcować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
felcówce	felcówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówce	felcówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówek	felcówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówkach	felcówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówka	felcówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówkami	felcówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówką	felcówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówkę	felcówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówki	felcówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówki	felcówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówki	felcówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówki	felcówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówko	felcówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felcówkom	felcówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerach	felczer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczera	felczer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczera	felczer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerami	felczer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerem	felczer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczer	felczer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerom	felczer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerowi	felczer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerów	felczer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerów	felczer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczery	felczer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felczery	felczer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felczerze	felczer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerze	felczer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzy	felczer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzy	felczer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerce	felczerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerce	felczerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerek	felczerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerkach	felczerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerka	felczerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerkami	felczerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerką	felczerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerkę	felczerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerki	felczerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerki	felczerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerki	felczerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerki	felczerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerko	felczerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerkom	felczerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerować	felczerować	inf:imperf		
felczerowaliby	felczerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
felczerowalibyście	felczerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
felczerowalibyśmy	felczerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
felczerowali	felczerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
felczerowali	felczerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
felczerowaliście	felczerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
felczerowaliśmy	felczerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
felczerowałaby	felczerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
felczerowałabym	felczerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
felczerowałabyś	felczerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
felczerowała	felczerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
felczerowała	felczerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
felczerowałam	felczerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
felczerowałaś	felczerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
felczerowałby	felczerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
felczerowałbym	felczerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
felczerowałbyś	felczerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
felczerowałem	felczerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
felczerowałeś	felczerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
felczerował	felczerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
felczerował	felczerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
felczerowałoby	felczerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
felczerowałobym	felczerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
felczerowałobyś	felczerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
felczerowało	felczerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
felczerowało	felczerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
felczerowałom	felczerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
felczerowałoś	felczerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
felczerowałyby	felczerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
felczerowałybyście	felczerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
felczerowałybyśmy	felczerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
felczerowały	felczerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
felczerowały	felczerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
felczerowałyście	felczerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
felczerowałyśmy	felczerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
felczerowaniach	felczerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowania	felczerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowania	felczerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowaniami	felczerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowanie	felczerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowaniem	felczerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowaniom	felczerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowaniu	felczerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerowano	felczerować	imps:imperf		
felczerowań	felczerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felczerująca	felczerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
felczerującą	felczerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
felczerujące	felczerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felczerujące	felczerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felczerującego	felczerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
felczerującego	felczerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felczerującej	felczerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
felczerującemu	felczerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felczerując	felczerować	pcon:imperf		
felczerująco	felczerować	pacta		
felczerujących	felczerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felczerujących	felczerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felczerujący	felczerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felczerujący	felczerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
felczerujący	felczerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
felczerującym	felczerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felczerującym	felczerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felczerującymi	felczerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felczerują	felczerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
felczerujcie	felczerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
felczerujecie	felczerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
felczeruje	felczerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
felczerujemy	felczerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
felczerujesz	felczerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
felczeruję	felczerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
felczeruj	felczerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
felczerujmy	felczerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
felczerscy	felczerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
felczerska	felczerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
felczerską	felczerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
felczerską	felczerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
felczerskich	felczerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
felczerskich	felczerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felczerskich	felczerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felczerskie	felczerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felczerskie	felczerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felczerskie	felczerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
felczerskie	felczerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
felczerskiego	felczerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
felczerskiego	felczerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felczerskiej	felczerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
felczerskiej	felczerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
felczerskiej	felczerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
felczerskiemu	felczerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felczerski	felczerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
felczerski	felczerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
felczerskim	felczerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felczerskim	felczerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felczerskim	felczerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felczerskimi	felczerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felczersko	felczerski	adja		
felczersku	felczerski	adjp		
felczersko	felczersko	adv:pos		
felczerskościach	felczerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskościami	felczerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskością	felczerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskości	felczerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskościom	felczerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskość	felczerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerskość	felczerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynach	felczerzyna	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyna	felczerzyna	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynami	felczerzyna	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyną	felczerzyna	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynę	felczerzyna	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynie	felczerzyna	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynie	felczerzyna	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyni	felczerzyna	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyni	felczerzyna	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyno	felczerzyna	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynom	felczerzyna	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynów	felczerzyna	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzynów	felczerzyna	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyny	felczerzyna	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyny	felczerzyna	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felczerzyny	felczerzyna	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfebel	feldfebel	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblach	feldfebel	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfebla	feldfebel	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfebla	feldfebel	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblami	feldfebel	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeble	feldfebel	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeble	feldfebel	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeble	feldfebel	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeble	feldfebel	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblem	feldfebel	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfebli	feldfebel	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfebli	feldfebel	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblom	feldfebel	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblowi	feldfebel	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblów	feldfebel	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblów	feldfebel	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblu	feldfebel	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeblu	feldfebel	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldfeberach	feldfeber	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfebera	feldfeber	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfebera	feldfeber	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberami	feldfeber	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberem	feldfeber	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeber	feldfeber	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberom	feldfeber	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberowi	feldfeber	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberów	feldfeber	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberów	feldfeber	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfebery	feldfeber	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfebery	feldfeber	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberze	feldfeber	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberze	feldfeber	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberzy	feldfeber	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldfeberzy	feldfeber	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldjeger	feldjeger	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrach	feldjeger	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegra	feldjeger	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegra	feldjeger	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrami	feldjeger	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrem	feldjeger	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrom	feldjeger	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrowi	feldjeger	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrów	feldjeger	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrów	feldjeger	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegry	feldjeger	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegry	feldjeger	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrze	feldjeger	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrze	feldjeger	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrzy	feldjeger	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldjegrzy	feldjeger	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałek	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkach	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałka	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałka	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkami	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkiem	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałki	feldmarszałek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałki	feldmarszałek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkom	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowie	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowie	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowi	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałków	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałków	feldmarszałek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałku	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałku	feldmarszałek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowscy	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feldmarszałkowska	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowską	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowską	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowskich	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feldmarszałkowskich	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskich	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskie	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskie	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskie	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskie	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiego	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiego	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiej	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiej	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiej	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feldmarszałkowskiemu	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowski	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feldmarszałkowski	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskim	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowskim	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskim	feldmarszałkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feldmarszałkowskimi	feldmarszałkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feldmarszałkowsko	feldmarszałkowski	adja		
feldmarszałkowsku	feldmarszałkowski	adjp		
feldmarszałkowsko	feldmarszałkowsko	adv:pos		
feldmarszałkowskościach	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskościami	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskością	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskości	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskościom	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskość	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldmarszałkowskość	feldmarszałkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlandze	feldszlanga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlandze	feldszlanga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangach	feldszlanga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlanga	feldszlanga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangami	feldszlanga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangą	feldszlanga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangę	feldszlanga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlang	feldszlanga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangi	feldszlanga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangi	feldszlanga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangi	feldszlanga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangi	feldszlanga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlango	feldszlanga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldszlangom	feldszlanga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldwachach	feldwach	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachami	feldwach	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachem	feldwach	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwach	feldwach	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwach	feldwach	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachom	feldwach	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachowi	feldwach	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachów	feldwach	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachu	feldwach	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachu	feldwach	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachu	feldwach	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachy	feldwach	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachy	feldwach	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feldwachy	feldwach	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felejzach	felejza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejza	felejza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzami	felejza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzą	felejza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzę	felejza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejz	felejza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzie	felejza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzie	felejza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzo	felejza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzom	felejza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzy	felejza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzy	felejza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzy	felejza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felejzy	felejza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
felerach	feler	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerami	feler	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerem	feler	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
feler	feler	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
feler	feler	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerom	feler	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerowi	feler	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerów	feler	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
feleru	feler	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felery	feler	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felery	feler	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felery	feler	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerze	feler	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felerze	feler	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
felernościach	felerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felernościami	felerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felernością	felerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerności	felerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felernościom	felerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerność	felerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerność	felerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felerna	felerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
felerną	felerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
felerną	felerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
felerne	felerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
felerne	felerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
felerne	felerny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
felerne	felerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
felernego	felerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
felernego	felerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
felernej	felerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
felernej	felerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
felernej	felerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
felernemu	felerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
felerni	felerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
felerno	felerny	adja		pot.
felernych	felerny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
felernych	felerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
felernych	felerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
felerny	felerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
felerny	felerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
felernym	felerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
felernym	felerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
felernym	felerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
felernymi	felerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
feldze	felga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feldze	felga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgach	felga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felga	felga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgami	felga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgą	felga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgę	felga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felg	felga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgi	felga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgi	felga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgi	felga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgi	felga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgo	felga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felgom	felga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feliciach	felicia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicia	felicia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feliciami	felicia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicią	felicia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicie	felicia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicie	felicia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicie	felicia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicię	felicia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicii	felicia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
felicii	felicia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicii	felicia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicii	felicia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicio	felicia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feliciom	felicia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicyj	felicia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
felicytacjach	felicytacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacja	felicytacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacjami	felicytacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacją	felicytacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacje	felicytacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacje	felicytacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacje	felicytacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytację	felicytacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacji	felicytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
felicytacji	felicytacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacji	felicytacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacji	felicytacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacjo	felicytacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacjom	felicytacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felicytacyj	felicytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
felicytologiach	felicytologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologia	felicytologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologiami	felicytologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologią	felicytologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologie	felicytologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologie	felicytologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologie	felicytologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologię	felicytologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologii	felicytologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
felicytologii	felicytologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologii	felicytologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologii	felicytologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologij	felicytologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
felicytologio	felicytologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytologiom	felicytologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felicytować	felicytować	inf:imperf		daw.
felicytowaliby	felicytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowalibyście	felicytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowalibyśmy	felicytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowali	felicytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
felicytowali	felicytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowaliście	felicytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowaliśmy	felicytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałaby	felicytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałabym	felicytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałabyś	felicytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowała	felicytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
felicytowała	felicytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałam	felicytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałaś	felicytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowałby	felicytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałbym	felicytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałbyś	felicytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowałem	felicytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałeś	felicytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytował	felicytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
felicytował	felicytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałoby	felicytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałobym	felicytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałobyś	felicytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowało	felicytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
felicytowało	felicytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałom	felicytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowałoś	felicytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowałyby	felicytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałybyście	felicytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowałybyśmy	felicytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowały	felicytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
felicytowały	felicytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytowałyście	felicytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytowałyśmy	felicytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytowana	felicytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
felicytowaną	felicytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
felicytowane	felicytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytowane	felicytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowanego	felicytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
felicytowanego	felicytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowanej	felicytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
felicytowanemu	felicytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowaniach	felicytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowania	felicytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowania	felicytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowaniami	felicytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowanie	felicytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowaniem	felicytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowani	felicytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felicytowaniom	felicytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowaniu	felicytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowano	felicytować	imps:imperf		daw.
felicytowanych	felicytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felicytowanych	felicytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytowany	felicytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
felicytowany	felicytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
felicytowanym	felicytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytowanym	felicytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytowanymi	felicytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytowań	felicytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
felicytująca	felicytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
felicytującą	felicytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
felicytujące	felicytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytujące	felicytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytującego	felicytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
felicytującego	felicytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytującej	felicytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
felicytującemu	felicytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytując	felicytować	pcon:imperf		daw.
felicytująco	felicytować	pacta		
felicytujących	felicytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felicytujących	felicytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytujący	felicytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
felicytujący	felicytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
felicytujący	felicytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
felicytującym	felicytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytującym	felicytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
felicytującymi	felicytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
felicytują	felicytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytujcie	felicytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytujecie	felicytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytuje	felicytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
felicytujemy	felicytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytujesz	felicytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytuję	felicytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
felicytuj	felicytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
felicytujmy	felicytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
felietonach	felieton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonami	felieton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonem	felieton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felieton	felieton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felieton	felieton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonie	felieton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonie	felieton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonom	felieton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonowi	felieton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonów	felieton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietonu	felieton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietony	felieton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietony	felieton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietony	felieton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
felietoniarzach	felietoniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzach	felietoniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarza	felietoniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarza	felietoniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarza	felietoniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarza	felietoniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzami	felietoniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzami	felietoniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarze	felietoniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzem	felietoniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzem	felietoniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarz	felietoniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarz	felietoniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzom	felietoniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzom	felietoniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzowi	felietoniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzowi	felietoniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzów	felietoniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzów	felietoniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzu	felietoniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzu	felietoniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzu	felietoniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzu	felietoniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
felietoniarzy	felietoniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniarzy	felietoniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonikach	felietonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonikami	felietonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonik	felietonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonik	felietonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonikiem	felietonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniki	felietonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniki	felietonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniki	felietonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonikom	felietonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonikowi	felietonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoników	felietonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniku	felietonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniku	felietonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniku	felietonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistach	felietonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonista	felietonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistami	felietonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistą	felietonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistę	felietonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonisto	felietonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistom	felietonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistów	felietonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistów	felietonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonisty	felietonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felietonisty	felietonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
felietonisty	felietonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniście	felietonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniście	felietonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniści	felietonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietoniści	felietonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistce	felietonistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistce	felietonistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistek	felietonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistkach	felietonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistka	felietonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistkami	felietonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistką	felietonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistkę	felietonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistki	felietonistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistki	felietonistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistki	felietonistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistki	felietonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistko	felietonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistkom	felietonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistycznościach	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistycznościami	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistycznością	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczności	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistycznościom	felietonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczność	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczność	felietonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyczna	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
felietonistyczną	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
felietonistyczną	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
felietonistyczne	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistyczne	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistyczne	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
felietonistyczne	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
felietonistycznego	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
felietonistycznego	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonistycznej	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
felietonistycznej	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
felietonistycznej	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
felietonistycznemu	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonistyczni	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
felietonistyczno	felietonistyczny	adja		
felietonistycznych	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
felietonistycznych	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistycznych	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistyczny	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
felietonistyczny	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
felietonistycznym	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistycznym	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonistycznym	felietonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonistycznymi	felietonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonistyce	felietonistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyce	felietonistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistykach	felietonistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyka	felietonistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistykami	felietonistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyką	felietonistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistykę	felietonistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyk	felietonistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyki	felietonistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyki	felietonistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyki	felietonistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyki	felietonistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistyko	felietonistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonistykom	felietonistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonować	felietonować	inf:perf		rzad.
felietonowaliby	felietonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowalibyście	felietonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowalibyśmy	felietonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowali	felietonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		rzad.
felietonowali	felietonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowaliście	felietonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowaliśmy	felietonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałaby	felietonować	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałabym	felietonować	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałabyś	felietonować	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowała	felietonować	praet:sg:f:perf		rzad.
felietonowała	felietonować	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałam	felietonować	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałaś	felietonować	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowałby	felietonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałbym	felietonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałbyś	felietonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowałem	felietonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałeś	felietonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonował	felietonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		rzad.
felietonował	felietonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałoby	felietonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałobym	felietonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałobyś	felietonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowało	felietonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		rzad.
felietonowało	felietonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałom	felietonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowałoś	felietonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowałyby	felietonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałybyście	felietonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowałybyśmy	felietonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowały	felietonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		rzad.
felietonowały	felietonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonowałyście	felietonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonowałyśmy	felietonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowaniach	felietonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowania	felietonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowania	felietonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowaniami	felietonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowanie	felietonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowaniem	felietonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowaniom	felietonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowaniu	felietonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowano	felietonować	imps:perf		rzad.
felietonowań	felietonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
felietonowawszy	felietonować	pant:perf		rzad.
felietonują	felietonować	fin:pl:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonujcie	felietonować	impt:pl:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonujecie	felietonować	fin:pl:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonuje	felietonować	fin:sg:ter:perf		rzad.
felietonujemy	felietonować	fin:pl:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonujesz	felietonować	fin:sg:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonuję	felietonować	fin:sg:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonuj	felietonować	impt:sg:sec:perf		rzad.
felietonujmy	felietonować	impt:pl:pri:perf		rzad.
felietonowaniach	felietonowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowania	felietonowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowania	felietonowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowania	felietonowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowania	felietonowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowaniami	felietonowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowanie	felietonowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowanie	felietonowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowanie	felietonowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowaniem	felietonowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowaniom	felietonowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowaniu	felietonowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowaniu	felietonowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowań	felietonowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
felietonowo	felietonowo	adv:pos		
felietonowościach	felietonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowościami	felietonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowością	felietonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowości	felietonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowościom	felietonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowość	felietonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowość	felietonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felietonowa	felietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
felietonową	felietonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
felietonową	felietonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
felietonowe	felietonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felietonowe	felietonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
felietonowe	felietonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
felietonowe	felietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
felietonowego	felietonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
felietonowego	felietonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonowej	felietonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
felietonowej	felietonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
felietonowej	felietonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
felietonowemu	felietonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonowi	felietonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
felietonowo	felietonowy	adja		
felietonowych	felietonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
felietonowych	felietonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonowych	felietonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonowy	felietonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
felietonowy	felietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
felietonowym	felietonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
felietonowym	felietonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonowym	felietonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
felietonowymi	felietonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fellachach	fellach	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellacha	fellach	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellacha	fellach	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachami	fellach	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachem	fellach	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellach	fellach	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachom	fellach	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachowie	fellach	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachowie	fellach	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachowi	fellach	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachów	fellach	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachów	fellach	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachu	fellach	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachu	fellach	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fellachy	fellach	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fellachy	fellach	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellatio	fellatio	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fellemach	fellem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemami	fellem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemem	fellem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellem	fellem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellem	fellem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemie	fellem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemie	fellem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemom	fellem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemowi	fellem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemów	fellem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemu	fellem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemy	fellem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemy	fellem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellemy	fellem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermach	felloderma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felloderma	felloderma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermami	felloderma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermą	felloderma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermę	felloderma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felloderm	felloderma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermie	felloderma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermie	felloderma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermo	felloderma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermom	felloderma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermy	felloderma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermy	felloderma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermy	felloderma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellodermy	felloderma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenach	fellogen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenami	fellogen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenem	fellogen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogen	fellogen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogen	fellogen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenie	fellogen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenie	fellogen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenom	fellogen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenowi	fellogen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenów	fellogen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogenu	fellogen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogeny	fellogen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogeny	fellogen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fellogeny	fellogen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feloniach	felonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonia	felonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloniami	felonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonią	felonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonie	felonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonie	felonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonie	felonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonię	felonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonii	felonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
felonii	felonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonii	felonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonii	felonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felonij	felonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
felonio	felonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloniom	felonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastycznościach	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastycznościami	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastycznością	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczności	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastycznościom	feloplastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczność	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczność	feloplastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyczna	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feloplastyczną	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feloplastyczną	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feloplastyczne	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastyczne	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastyczne	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feloplastyczne	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feloplastycznego	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feloplastycznego	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feloplastycznej	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feloplastycznej	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feloplastycznej	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feloplastycznemu	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feloplastyczni	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feloplastyczno	feloplastyczny	adja		
feloplastycznych	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feloplastycznych	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastycznych	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastyczny	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feloplastyczny	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feloplastycznym	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastycznym	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feloplastycznym	feloplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feloplastycznymi	feloplastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feloplastyce	feloplastyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyce	feloplastyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastykach	feloplastyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyka	feloplastyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastykami	feloplastyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyką	feloplastyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastykę	feloplastyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyk	feloplastyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyki	feloplastyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyki	feloplastyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyki	feloplastyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyki	feloplastyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastyko	feloplastyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feloplastykom	feloplastyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpach	felpa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpa	felpa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpami	felpa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpą	felpa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpę	felpa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felp	felpa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpie	felpa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpie	felpa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpo	felpa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpom	felpa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpy	felpa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpy	felpa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpy	felpa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felpy	felpa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feludze	feluga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feludze	feluga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugach	feluga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feluga	feluga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugami	feluga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugą	feluga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugę	feluga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felug	feluga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugi	feluga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugi	feluga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugi	feluga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugi	feluga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugo	feluga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
felugom	feluga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feluce	feluka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluce	feluka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felukach	feluka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluka	feluka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felukami	feluka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluką	feluka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felukę	feluka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluk	feluka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluki	feluka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluki	feluka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluki	feluka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluki	feluka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feluko	feluka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
felukom	feluka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femicznościach	femiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femicznościami	femiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
femicznością	femiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczności	femiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femicznościom	femiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczność	femiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczność	femiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
femiczna	femiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
femiczną	femiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
femiczną	femiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
femiczne	femiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
femiczne	femiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
femiczne	femiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
femiczne	femiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
femicznego	femiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
femicznego	femiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
femicznej	femiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
femicznej	femiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
femicznej	femiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
femicznemu	femiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
femiczni	femiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
femiczno	femiczny	adja		
femicznych	femiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
femicznych	femiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
femicznych	femiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
femiczny	femiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
femiczny	femiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
femicznym	femiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
femicznym	femiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
femicznym	femiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
femicznymi	femiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
f	femininum	brev:pun		jęz.
feministach	feminista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feminista	feminista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministami	feminista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministą	feminista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministę	feminista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministo	feminista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministom	feminista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministów	feminista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministów	feminista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministy	feminista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feministy	feminista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feministy	feminista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feminiście	feminista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feminiście	feminista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feminiści	feminista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feminiści	feminista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feministce	feministka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministce	feministka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministek	feministka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministkach	feministka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministka	feministka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministkami	feministka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministką	feministka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministkę	feministka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministki	feministka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministki	feministka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministki	feministka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministki	feministka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministko	feministka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministkom	feministka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministycznościach	feministyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministycznościami	feministyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministycznością	feministyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczności	feministyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministycznościom	feministyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczność	feministyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczność	feministyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feministyczna	feministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feministyczną	feministyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feministyczną	feministyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feministyczne	feministyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feministyczne	feministyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feministyczne	feministyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feministyczne	feministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feministycznego	feministyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feministycznego	feministyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feministycznej	feministyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feministycznej	feministyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feministycznej	feministyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feministycznemu	feministyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feministyczni	feministyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feministyczno	feministyczny	adja		
feministycznych	feministyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feministycznych	feministyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feministycznych	feministyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feministyczny	feministyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feministyczny	feministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feministycznym	feministyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feministycznym	feministyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feministycznym	feministyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feministycznymi	feministyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feminizacjach	feminizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacja	feminizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacjami	feminizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacją	feminizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacje	feminizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacje	feminizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacje	feminizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizację	feminizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacji	feminizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
feminizacji	feminizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacji	feminizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacji	feminizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacjo	feminizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacjom	feminizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feminizacyj	feminizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
feminizmach	feminizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmami	feminizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmem	feminizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizm	feminizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizm	feminizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmie	feminizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmie	feminizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmom	feminizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmowi	feminizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmów	feminizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmu	feminizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmy	feminizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmy	feminizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizmy	feminizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feminizować	feminizować	inf:imperf		
feminizowaliby	feminizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
feminizowalibyście	feminizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
feminizowalibyśmy	feminizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
feminizowali	feminizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
feminizowali	feminizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
feminizowaliście	feminizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
feminizowaliśmy	feminizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
feminizowałaby	feminizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
feminizowałabym	feminizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
feminizowałabyś	feminizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
feminizowała	feminizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
feminizowała	feminizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
feminizowałam	feminizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
feminizowałaś	feminizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
feminizowałby	feminizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
feminizowałbym	feminizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
feminizowałbyś	feminizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
feminizowałem	feminizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
feminizowałeś	feminizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
feminizował	feminizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
feminizował	feminizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
feminizowałoby	feminizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
feminizowałobym	feminizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
feminizowałobyś	feminizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
feminizowało	feminizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
feminizowało	feminizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
feminizowałom	feminizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
feminizowałoś	feminizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
feminizowałyby	feminizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
feminizowałybyście	feminizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
feminizowałybyśmy	feminizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
feminizowały	feminizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
feminizowały	feminizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
feminizowałyście	feminizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
feminizowałyśmy	feminizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
feminizowana	feminizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
feminizowaną	feminizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
feminizowane	feminizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizowane	feminizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowanego	feminizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
feminizowanego	feminizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowanej	feminizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
feminizowanemu	feminizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowaniach	feminizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowania	feminizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowania	feminizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowaniami	feminizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowanie	feminizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowaniem	feminizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowani	feminizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feminizowaniom	feminizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowaniu	feminizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowano	feminizować	imps:imperf		
feminizowanych	feminizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feminizowanych	feminizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizowany	feminizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
feminizowany	feminizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
feminizowanym	feminizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizowanym	feminizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizowanymi	feminizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizowań	feminizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
feminizująca	feminizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
feminizującą	feminizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
feminizujące	feminizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizujące	feminizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizującego	feminizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
feminizującego	feminizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizującej	feminizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
feminizującemu	feminizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizując	feminizować	pcon:imperf		
feminizująco	feminizować	pacta		
feminizujących	feminizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feminizujących	feminizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizujący	feminizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
feminizujący	feminizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
feminizujący	feminizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
feminizującym	feminizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizującym	feminizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
feminizującymi	feminizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
feminizują	feminizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
feminizujcie	feminizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
feminizujecie	feminizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
feminizuje	feminizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
feminizujemy	feminizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
feminizujesz	feminizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
feminizuję	feminizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
feminizuj	feminizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
feminizujmy	feminizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
femurałach	femurały	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurałami	femurały	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurałom	femurały	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurałów	femurały	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurały	femurały	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurały	femurały	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
femurały	femurały	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fenacetynach	fenacetyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyna	fenacetyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetynami	fenacetyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyną	fenacetyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetynę	fenacetyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyn	fenacetyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetynie	fenacetyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetynie	fenacetyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyno	fenacetyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetynom	fenacetyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyny	fenacetyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyny	fenacetyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyny	fenacetyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenacetyny	fenacetyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynach	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyna	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynami	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyną	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynę	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyn	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynie	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynie	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyno	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidynom	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyny	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyny	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyny	fencyklidyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fencyklidyny	fencyklidyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenek	fenek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenkach	fenek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenka	fenek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenka	fenek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenkami	fenek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenkiem	fenek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenki	fenek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenki	fenek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenki	fenek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenkom	fenek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenkowi	fenek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenków	fenek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenku	fenek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenku	fenek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fenianach	fenianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianami	fenianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenian	fenianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenian	fenianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianie	fenianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianie	fenianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianina	fenianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianina	fenianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianinem	fenianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianin	fenianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianinie	fenianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianinie	fenianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianinowi	fenianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenianom	fenianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feniany	fenianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feniany	fenianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmach	fenianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmami	fenianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmem	fenianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizm	fenianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizm	fenianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmie	fenianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmie	fenianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmom	fenianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmowi	fenianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmów	fenianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmu	fenianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmy	fenianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmy	fenianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenianizmy	fenianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feniccy	fenicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenicka	fenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenicką	fenicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenicką	fenicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenickich	fenicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenickich	fenicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenickich	fenicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenickie	fenicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenickie	fenicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenickie	fenicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenickie	fenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenickiego	fenicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenickiego	fenicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenickiej	fenicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenickiej	fenicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenickiej	fenicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenickiemu	fenicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenicki	fenicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenicki	fenicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenickim	fenicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenickim	fenicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenickim	fenicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenickimi	fenicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenicko	fenicki	adja		
fenicku	fenicki	adjp		
fenicko	fenicko	adv:pos		
fenickościach	fenickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickościami	fenickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickością	fenickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickości	fenickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickościom	fenickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickość	fenickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenickość	fenickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenigach	fenig	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feniga	fenig	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feniga	fenig	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigami	fenig	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenig	fenig	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigiem	fenig	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigi	fenig	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigi	fenig	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigi	fenig	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigom	fenig	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigowi	fenig	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigów	fenig	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigu	fenig	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenigu	fenig	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatościach	feniksowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatościami	feniksowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatością	feniksowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatości	feniksowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatościom	feniksowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatość	feniksowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowatość	feniksowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowaci	feniksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feniksowata	feniksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feniksowatą	feniksowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feniksowatą	feniksowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feniksowate	feniksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowate	feniksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowate	feniksowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feniksowate	feniksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feniksowatego	feniksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feniksowatego	feniksowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowatej	feniksowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feniksowatej	feniksowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feniksowatej	feniksowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feniksowatemu	feniksowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowato	feniksowaty	adja		
feniksowatych	feniksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feniksowatych	feniksowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowatych	feniksowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowaty	feniksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feniksowaty	feniksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feniksowatym	feniksowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowatym	feniksowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowatym	feniksowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowatymi	feniksowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowościach	feniksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowościami	feniksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowością	feniksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowości	feniksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowościom	feniksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowość	feniksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowość	feniksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feniksowa	feniksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feniksową	feniksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feniksową	feniksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feniksowe	feniksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowe	feniksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowe	feniksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feniksowe	feniksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feniksowego	feniksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feniksowego	feniksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowej	feniksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feniksowej	feniksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feniksowej	feniksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feniksowemu	feniksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowi	feniksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feniksowo	feniksowy	adja		
feniksowych	feniksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feniksowych	feniksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowych	feniksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowy	feniksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feniksowy	feniksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feniksowym	feniksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksowym	feniksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowym	feniksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feniksowymi	feniksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feniksach	feniks:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksa	feniks:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksami	feniks:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksem	feniks:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniks	feniks:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniks	feniks:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksie	feniks:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksie	feniks:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksom	feniks:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksowi	feniks:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksów	feniks:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksy	feniks:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksy	feniks:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksy	feniks:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feniksach	feniks:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksa	feniks:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksa	feniks:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksami	feniks:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksem	feniks:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniks	feniks:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksie	feniks:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksie	feniks:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksom	feniks:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksowi	feniks:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksów	feniks:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksy	feniks:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksy	feniks:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksy	feniks:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	mit.
feniksach	feniks:s3	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksach	feniks:s3	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksa	feniks:s3	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksa	feniks:s3	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksa	feniks:s3	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksami	feniks:s3	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksami	feniks:s3	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksem	feniks:s3	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksem	feniks:s3	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniks	feniks:s3	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniks	feniks:s3	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniks	feniks:s3	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksie	feniks:s3	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksie	feniks:s3	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksie	feniks:s3	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksie	feniks:s3	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksom	feniks:s3	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksom	feniks:s3	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksowi	feniks:s3	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksowi	feniks:s3	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksów	feniks:s3	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksów	feniks:s3	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
feniksy	feniks:s3	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkule	fenkuł	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkule	fenkuł	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułach	fenkuł	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułami	fenkuł	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułem	fenkuł	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkuł	fenkuł	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkuł	fenkuł	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułom	fenkuł	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułowi	fenkuł	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułów	fenkuł	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkułu	fenkuł	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkuły	fenkuł	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkuły	fenkuł	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenkuły	fenkuł	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fenobarbitalach	fenobarbital	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalami	fenobarbital	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitale	fenobarbital	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitale	fenobarbital	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitale	fenobarbital	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalem	fenobarbital	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbital	fenobarbital	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbital	fenobarbital	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitali	fenobarbital	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalom	fenobarbital	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalowi	fenobarbital	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalu	fenobarbital	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalu	fenobarbital	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenobarbitalu	fenobarbital	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	farm.
fenofazach	fenofaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofaza	fenofaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazami	fenofaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazą	fenofaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazę	fenofaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofaz	fenofaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazie	fenofaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazie	fenofaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazo	fenofaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazom	fenofaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazy	fenofaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazy	fenofaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazy	fenofaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenofazy	fenofaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyce	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyce	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetykach	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyka	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetykami	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyką	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetykę	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyk	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyki	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyki	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyki	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyki	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetyko	fenogenetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenogenetykom	fenogenetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopiach	fenokopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopia	fenokopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopiami	fenokopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopią	fenokopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopie	fenokopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopie	fenokopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopie	fenokopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopię	fenokopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopii	fenokopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fenokopii	fenokopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopii	fenokopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopii	fenokopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopij	fenokopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fenokopio	fenokopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokopiom	fenokopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenokrysztale	fenokryształ	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokrysztale	fenokryształ	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształach	fenokryształ	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształami	fenokryształ	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształem	fenokryształ	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształ	fenokryształ	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształ	fenokryształ	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształom	fenokryształ	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształowi	fenokryształ	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształów	fenokryształ	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształu	fenokryształ	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształy	fenokryształ	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształy	fenokryształ	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenokryształy	fenokryształ	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolach	fenol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolami	fenol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenole	fenol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenole	fenol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenole	fenol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolem	fenol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenol	fenol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenol	fenol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoli	fenol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolom	fenol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowi	fenol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolów	fenol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolu	fenol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolu	fenol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolu	fenol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanach	fenolan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanami	fenolan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanem	fenolan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolan	fenolan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolan	fenolan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanie	fenolan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanie	fenolan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanom	fenolan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanowi	fenolan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanów	fenolan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolanu	fenolan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolany	fenolan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolany	fenolan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenolany	fenolan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinach	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleina	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinami	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleiną	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinę	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftalein	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinie	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinie	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleino	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleinom	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleiny	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleiny	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleiny	fenoloftaleina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoloftaleiny	fenoloftaleina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolodzy	fenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenolodzy	fenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologach	fenolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologa	fenolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologa	fenolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologami	fenolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenolog	fenolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiem	fenolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologi	fenolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenologi	fenolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenologom	fenolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologowie	fenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologowie	fenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologowi	fenolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologów	fenolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologów	fenolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologu	fenolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologu	fenolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiach	fenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologia	fenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiami	fenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologią	fenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologie	fenologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologie	fenologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologie	fenologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologię	fenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologii	fenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fenologii	fenologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologii	fenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologii	fenologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologij	fenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fenologio	fenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiom	fenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologicznościach	fenologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologicznościami	fenologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologicznością	fenologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczności	fenologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologicznościom	fenologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczność	fenologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczność	fenologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenologiczna	fenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenologiczną	fenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenologiczną	fenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenologiczne	fenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenologiczne	fenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenologiczne	fenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenologiczne	fenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenologicznego	fenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenologicznego	fenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenologicznej	fenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenologicznej	fenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenologicznej	fenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenologicznemu	fenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenologiczni	fenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenologiczno	fenologiczny	adja		
fenologicznych	fenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenologicznych	fenologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenologicznych	fenologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenologiczny	fenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenologiczny	fenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenologicznym	fenologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenologicznym	fenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenologicznym	fenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenologicznymi	fenologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenolować	fenolować	inf:imperf		
fenolowaliby	fenolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fenolowalibyście	fenolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fenolowalibyśmy	fenolować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fenolowali	fenolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fenolowali	fenolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fenolowaliście	fenolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fenolowaliśmy	fenolować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fenolowałaby	fenolować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fenolowałabym	fenolować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fenolowałabyś	fenolować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fenolowała	fenolować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fenolowała	fenolować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fenolowałam	fenolować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fenolowałaś	fenolować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fenolowałby	fenolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fenolowałbym	fenolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fenolowałbyś	fenolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fenolowałem	fenolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fenolowałeś	fenolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fenolował	fenolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fenolował	fenolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fenolowałoby	fenolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fenolowałobym	fenolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fenolowałobyś	fenolować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fenolowało	fenolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fenolowało	fenolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fenolowałom	fenolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fenolowałoś	fenolować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fenolowałyby	fenolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fenolowałybyście	fenolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fenolowałybyśmy	fenolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fenolowały	fenolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fenolowały	fenolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fenolowałyście	fenolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fenolowałyśmy	fenolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fenolowana	fenolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fenolowaną	fenolować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fenolowane	fenolować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolowane	fenolować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowanego	fenolować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fenolowanego	fenolować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowanej	fenolować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fenolowanemu	fenolować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowaniach	fenolować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowania	fenolować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowania	fenolować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowaniami	fenolować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowanie	fenolować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowaniem	fenolować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowani	fenolować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fenolowaniom	fenolować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowaniu	fenolować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowano	fenolować	imps:imperf		
fenolowanych	fenolować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fenolowanych	fenolować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolowany	fenolować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fenolowany	fenolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fenolowanym	fenolować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolowanym	fenolować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolowanymi	fenolować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolowań	fenolować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fenolująca	fenolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fenolującą	fenolować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fenolujące	fenolować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolujące	fenolować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolującego	fenolować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fenolującego	fenolować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolującej	fenolować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fenolującemu	fenolować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolując	fenolować	pcon:imperf		
fenolująco	fenolować	pacta		
fenolujących	fenolować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fenolujących	fenolować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolujący	fenolować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fenolujący	fenolować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fenolujący	fenolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fenolującym	fenolować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolującym	fenolować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fenolującymi	fenolować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fenolują	fenolować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fenolujcie	fenolować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fenolujecie	fenolować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fenoluje	fenolować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fenolujemy	fenolować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fenolujesz	fenolować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fenoluję	fenolować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fenoluj	fenolować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fenolujmy	fenolować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fenolowościach	fenolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowościami	fenolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowością	fenolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowości	fenolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowościom	fenolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowość	fenolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowość	fenolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenolowa	fenolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenolową	fenolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenolową	fenolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenolowe	fenolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenolowe	fenolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenolowe	fenolowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenolowe	fenolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenolowego	fenolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenolowego	fenolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenolowej	fenolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenolowej	fenolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenolowej	fenolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenolowemu	fenolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenolowi	fenolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenolowo	fenolowy	adja		
fenolowych	fenolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenolowych	fenolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenolowych	fenolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenolowy	fenolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenolowy	fenolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenolowym	fenolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenolowym	fenolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenolowym	fenolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenolowymi	fenolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistach	fenomenalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalista	fenomenalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistami	fenomenalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistą	fenomenalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistę	fenomenalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalisto	fenomenalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistom	fenomenalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistów	fenomenalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistów	fenomenalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalisty	fenomenalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalisty	fenomenalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalisty	fenomenalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenaliście	fenomenalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenaliście	fenomenalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenaliści	fenomenalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenaliści	fenomenalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistycznościach	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistycznościami	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistycznością	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczności	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistycznościom	fenomenalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczność	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczność	fenomenalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalistyczna	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenomenalistyczną	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenomenalistyczną	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenomenalistyczne	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistyczne	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistyczne	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistyczne	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistycznego	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenomenalistycznego	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistycznej	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenomenalistycznej	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenomenalistycznej	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenomenalistycznemu	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistyczni	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenalistyczno	fenomenalistyczny	adja		
fenomenalistycznych	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenalistycznych	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistycznych	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistyczny	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenomenalistyczny	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenomenalistycznym	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalistycznym	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistycznym	fenomenalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalistycznymi	fenomenalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalizmach	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmami	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmem	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizm	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizm	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmie	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmie	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmom	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmowi	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmów	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmu	fenomenalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmy	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmy	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalizmy	fenomenalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalnie	fenomenalnie	adv:pos		
fenomenalnościach	fenomenalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalnościami	fenomenalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalnością	fenomenalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalności	fenomenalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalnościom	fenomenalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalność	fenomenalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalność	fenomenalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenalna	fenomenalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenomenalną	fenomenalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenomenalną	fenomenalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenomenalne	fenomenalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalne	fenomenalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalne	fenomenalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalne	fenomenalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalnego	fenomenalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenomenalnego	fenomenalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalnej	fenomenalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenomenalnej	fenomenalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenomenalnej	fenomenalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenomenalnemu	fenomenalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalni	fenomenalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenalno	fenomenalny	adja		
fenomenalnych	fenomenalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenalnych	fenomenalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalnych	fenomenalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalny	fenomenalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenomenalny	fenomenalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenomenalnym	fenomenalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenalnym	fenomenalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalnym	fenomenalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenalnymi	fenomenalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenolodzy	fenomenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenolodzy	fenomenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologach	fenomenolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologa	fenomenolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologa	fenomenolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologami	fenomenolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenolog	fenomenolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiem	fenomenolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologi	fenomenolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologi	fenomenolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologom	fenomenolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologowie	fenomenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologowie	fenomenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologowi	fenomenolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologów	fenomenolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologów	fenomenolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologu	fenomenolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologu	fenomenolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiach	fenomenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologia	fenomenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiami	fenomenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologią	fenomenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologie	fenomenologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologie	fenomenologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologie	fenomenologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologię	fenomenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologii	fenomenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fenomenologii	fenomenologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologii	fenomenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologii	fenomenologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologij	fenomenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fenomenologio	fenomenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiom	fenomenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologicznie	fenomenologicznie	adv:pos		
fenomenologicznościach	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologicznościami	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologicznością	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczności	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologicznościom	fenomenologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczność	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczność	fenomenologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenologiczna	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenomenologiczną	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenomenologiczną	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenomenologiczne	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenologiczne	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenologiczne	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologiczne	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologicznego	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenomenologicznego	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologicznej	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenomenologicznej	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenomenologicznej	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenomenologicznemu	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologiczni	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenologiczno	fenomenologiczny	adja		
fenomenologicznych	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenomenologicznych	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenologicznych	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenologiczny	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenomenologiczny	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenomenologicznym	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenologicznym	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologicznym	fenomenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenomenologicznymi	fenomenologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenomenach	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenami	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenem	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomen	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomen	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenie	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenie	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenom	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenowi	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenów	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenu	fenomen:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeny	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeny	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeny	fenomen:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenach	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomena	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomena	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenami	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenem	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomen	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenie	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenie	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeni	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeni	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenom	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenowi	fenomen:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenów	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomenów	fenomen:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeny	fenomen:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenomeny	fenomen:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastach	fenoplast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastami	fenoplast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastem	fenoplast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplast	fenoplast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplast	fenoplast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastom	fenoplast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastowi	fenoplast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastów	fenoplast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastu	fenoplast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplasty	fenoplast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplasty	fenoplast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplasty	fenoplast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplaście	fenoplast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplaście	fenoplast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastościach	fenoplastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastościami	fenoplastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastością	fenoplastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastości	fenoplastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastościom	fenoplastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastość	fenoplastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplastość	fenoplastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenoplasta	fenoplasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenoplastą	fenoplasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenoplastą	fenoplasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenoplaste	fenoplasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplaste	fenoplasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplaste	fenoplasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenoplaste	fenoplasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenoplastego	fenoplasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenoplastego	fenoplasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenoplastej	fenoplasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenoplastej	fenoplasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenoplastej	fenoplasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenoplastemu	fenoplasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenoplasto	fenoplasty	adja		
fenoplastych	fenoplasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenoplastych	fenoplasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplastych	fenoplasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplasty	fenoplasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenoplasty	fenoplasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenoplastym	fenoplasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplastym	fenoplasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenoplastym	fenoplasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenoplastymi	fenoplasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenoplaści	fenoplasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenotypach	fenotyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypami	fenotyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypem	fenotyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotyp	fenotyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotyp	fenotyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypie	fenotyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypie	fenotyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypom	fenotyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowi	fenotyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypów	fenotyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypu	fenotyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypy	fenotyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypy	fenotyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypy	fenotyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowo	fenotypowo	adv:pos		
fenotypowościach	fenotypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowościami	fenotypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowością	fenotypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowości	fenotypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowościom	fenotypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowość	fenotypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowość	fenotypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenotypowa	fenotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenotypową	fenotypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenotypową	fenotypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenotypowe	fenotypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenotypowe	fenotypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenotypowe	fenotypowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowe	fenotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowego	fenotypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenotypowego	fenotypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowej	fenotypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenotypowej	fenotypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenotypowej	fenotypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenotypowemu	fenotypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowi	fenotypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenotypowo	fenotypowy	adja		
fenotypowych	fenotypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenotypowych	fenotypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenotypowych	fenotypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenotypowy	fenotypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenotypowy	fenotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenotypowym	fenotypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenotypowym	fenotypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowym	fenotypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenotypowymi	fenotypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenowościach	fenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowościami	fenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowością	fenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowości	fenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowościom	fenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowość	fenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowość	fenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenowa	fenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenową	fenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenową	fenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenowe	fenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenowe	fenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenowe	fenowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenowe	fenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenowego	fenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenowego	fenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenowej	fenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenowej	fenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenowej	fenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenowemu	fenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenowi	fenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenowo	fenowy	adja		
fenowych	fenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenowych	fenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenowych	fenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenowy	fenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenowy	fenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenowym	fenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenowym	fenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenowym	fenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenowymi	fenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenach	fen:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenami	fen:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenem	fen:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fen	fen:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fen	fen:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenie	fen:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenie	fen:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenom	fen:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenowi	fen:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenów	fen:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenu	fen:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
feny	fen:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
feny	fen:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
feny	fen:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fenach	fen:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fena	fen:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fena	fen:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenami	fen:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenem	fen:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fen	fen:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenie	fen:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenie	fen:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenom	fen:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenowi	fen:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenów	fen:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
feny	fen:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
feny	fen:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
feny	fen:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fenylach	fenyl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylami	fenyl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyle	fenyl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyle	fenyl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyle	fenyl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylem	fenyl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyl	fenyl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyl	fenyl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyli	fenyl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylom	fenyl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowi	fenyl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylu	fenyl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylu	fenyl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenylu	fenyl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninach	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalanina	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninami	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaniną	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninę	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalanin	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninie	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninie	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalanino	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaninom	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaniny	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaniny	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaniny	fenyloalanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloalaniny	fenyloalanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminach	fenyloamina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloamina	fenyloamina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminami	fenyloamina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminą	fenyloamina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminę	fenyloamina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloamin	fenyloamina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminie	fenyloamina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminie	fenyloamina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloamino	fenyloamina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminom	fenyloamina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminy	fenyloamina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminy	fenyloamina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminy	fenyloamina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloaminy	fenyloamina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynach	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyna	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynami	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyną	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynę	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyn	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynie	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynie	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyno	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazynom	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyny	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyny	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyny	fenylohydrazyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylohydrazyny	fenylohydrazyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonuriach	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonuria	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonuriami	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurią	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurie	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurie	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurie	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurię	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurii	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fenyloketonurii	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurii	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurii	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonurio	fenyloketonuria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonuriom	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenyloketonuryj	fenyloketonuria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fenylowościach	fenylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowościami	fenylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowością	fenylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowości	fenylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowościom	fenylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowość	fenylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowość	fenylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fenylowa	fenylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fenylową	fenylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fenylową	fenylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fenylowe	fenylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenylowe	fenylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fenylowe	fenylowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fenylowe	fenylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fenylowego	fenylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fenylowego	fenylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenylowej	fenylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fenylowej	fenylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fenylowej	fenylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fenylowemu	fenylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenylowi	fenylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fenylowo	fenylowy	adja		
fenylowych	fenylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fenylowych	fenylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenylowych	fenylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenylowy	fenylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fenylowy	fenylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fenylowym	fenylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fenylowym	fenylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenylowym	fenylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fenylowymi	fenylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feodalizmach	feodalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmami	feodalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmem	feodalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizm	feodalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizm	feodalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmie	feodalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmie	feodalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmom	feodalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmowi	feodalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmów	feodalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmu	feodalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmy	feodalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmy	feodalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalizmy	feodalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feodalnościach	feodalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalnościami	feodalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalnością	feodalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalności	feodalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalnościom	feodalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalność	feodalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalność	feodalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feodalna	feodalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feodalną	feodalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feodalną	feodalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feodalne	feodalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feodalne	feodalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feodalne	feodalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feodalne	feodalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feodalnego	feodalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feodalnego	feodalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feodalnej	feodalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feodalnej	feodalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feodalnej	feodalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feodalnemu	feodalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feodalni	feodalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feodalno	feodalny	adja		
feodalnych	feodalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feodalnych	feodalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feodalnych	feodalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feodalny	feodalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feodalny	feodalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feodalnym	feodalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feodalnym	feodalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feodalnym	feodalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feodalnymi	feodalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feodale	feodał	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodale	feodał	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałach	feodał	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodała	feodał	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodała	feodał	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałami	feodał	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałem	feodał	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodał	feodał	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałom	feodał	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałowie	feodał	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałowie	feodał	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałowi	feodał	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałów	feodał	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodałów	feodał	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feodały	feodał	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feodały	feodał	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferajnach	ferajna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajna	ferajna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajnami	ferajna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajną	ferajna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajnę	ferajna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajn	ferajna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajnie	ferajna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajnie	ferajna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajno	ferajna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajnom	ferajna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajny	ferajna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajny	ferajna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajny	ferajna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
ferajny	ferajna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
feraliach	feralia	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feralia	feralia	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feralia	feralia	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feralia	feralia	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feraliami	feralia	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feraliom	feralia	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feraliów	feralia	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feralnie	feralnie	adv:pos		
feralnościach	feralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralnościami	feralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralnością	feralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralności	feralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralnościom	feralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralność	feralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralność	feralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feralna	feralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feralną	feralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feralną	feralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feralne	feralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feralne	feralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feralne	feralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feralne	feralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feralnego	feralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feralnego	feralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feralnej	feralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feralnej	feralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feralnej	feralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feralnemu	feralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feralni	feralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feralno	feralny	adja		
feralnych	feralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feralnych	feralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feralnych	feralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feralny	feralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feralny	feralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feralnym	feralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feralnym	feralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feralnym	feralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feralnymi	feralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferale	ferał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferale	ferał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałach	ferał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałami	ferał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałem	ferał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferał	ferał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferał	ferał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałom	ferał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałowi	ferał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferałów	ferał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferału	ferał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferały	ferał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferały	ferał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferały	ferał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferbel	ferbel	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblach	ferbel	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferbla	ferbel	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferbla	ferbel	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblami	ferbel	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferble	ferbel	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferble	ferbel	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferble	ferbel	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblem	ferbel	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferbli	ferbel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblom	ferbel	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblowi	ferbel	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblów	ferbel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblu	ferbel	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ferblu	ferbel	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feredżiach	feredżia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżia	feredżia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżiami	feredżia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżią	feredżia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżie	feredżia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżie	feredżia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżie	feredżia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżię	feredżia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżii	feredżia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
feredżii	feredżia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżii	feredżia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżii	feredżia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżij	feredżia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
feredżio	feredżia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feredżiom	feredżia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feretrach	feretr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrami	feretr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrem	feretr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretr	feretr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretr	feretr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrom	feretr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrowi	feretr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrów	feretr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretru	feretr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretry	feretr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretry	feretr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretry	feretr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrze	feretr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretrze	feretr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feretronach	feretron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronami	feretron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronem	feretron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretron	feretron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretron	feretron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronie	feretron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronie	feretron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronom	feretron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronowi	feretron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronów	feretron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretronu	feretron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretrony	feretron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretrony	feretron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feretrony	feretron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferezjach	ferezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezja	ferezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezjami	ferezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezją	ferezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezje	ferezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezje	ferezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezje	ferezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezję	ferezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezji	ferezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ferezji	ferezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezji	ferezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezji	ferezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezjo	ferezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezjom	ferezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferezyj	ferezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
fergańscy	fergański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fergańska	fergański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fergańską	fergański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fergańską	fergański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fergańskich	fergański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fergańskich	fergański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fergańskich	fergański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fergańskie	fergański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fergańskie	fergański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fergańskie	fergański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fergańskie	fergański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fergańskiego	fergański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fergańskiego	fergański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fergańskiej	fergański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fergańskiej	fergański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fergańskiej	fergański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fergańskiemu	fergański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fergański	fergański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fergański	fergański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fergańskim	fergański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fergańskim	fergański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fergańskim	fergański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fergańskimi	fergański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fergańsko	fergański	adja		
fergańsku	fergański	adjp		
fergańsko	fergańsko	adv:pos		
fergańskościach	fergańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskościami	fergańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskością	fergańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskości	fergańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskościom	fergańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskość	fergańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fergańskość	fergańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feriach	ferie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feriami	ferie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ferie	ferie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ferie	ferie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ferie	ferie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ferii	ferie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
feriom	ferie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
feryj	ferie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fermach	ferm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferma	ferm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermami	ferm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermem	ferm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferm	ferm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferm	ferm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermie	ferm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermie	ferm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermom	ferm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermowi	ferm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermów	ferm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermu	ferm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermach	ferma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferma	ferma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermami	ferma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermą	ferma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermę	ferma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferm	ferma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermie	ferma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermie	ferma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermo	ferma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermom	ferma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermy	ferma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermanach	ferman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermana	ferman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanami	ferman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanem	ferman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferman	ferman	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferman	ferman	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanie	ferman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanie	ferman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanom	ferman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanowi	ferman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanów	ferman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermanu	ferman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermany	ferman	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermany	ferman	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermany	ferman	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fermacie	fermata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermacie	fermata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermatach	fermata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermata	fermata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermatami	fermata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermatą	fermata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermatę	fermata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermat	fermata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermato	fermata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermatom	fermata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermaty	fermata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermaty	fermata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermaty	fermata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermaty	fermata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermencie	ferment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermencie	ferment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentach	ferment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentami	ferment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentem	ferment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferment	ferment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferment	ferment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentom	ferment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowi	ferment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentów	ferment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentu	ferment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermenty	ferment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermenty	ferment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermenty	ferment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacjach	fermentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacja	fermentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacjami	fermentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacją	fermentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacje	fermentacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacje	fermentacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacje	fermentacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentację	fermentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacji	fermentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fermentacji	fermentacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacji	fermentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacji	fermentacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacjo	fermentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacjom	fermentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyj	fermentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fermentacyjnościach	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjnościami	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjnością	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjności	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjnościom	fermentacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjność	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjność	fermentacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentacyjna	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fermentacyjną	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fermentacyjną	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fermentacyjne	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermentacyjne	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermentacyjne	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjne	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjnego	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fermentacyjnego	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjnej	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fermentacyjnej	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fermentacyjnej	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fermentacyjnemu	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjni	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fermentacyjno	fermentacyjny	adja		
fermentacyjnych	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fermentacyjnych	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentacyjnych	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentacyjny	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fermentacyjny	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fermentacyjnym	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentacyjnym	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjnym	fermentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentacyjnymi	fermentacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentografach	fermentograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografami	fermentograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografem	fermentograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentograf	fermentograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentograf	fermentograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografie	fermentograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografie	fermentograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografom	fermentograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografowi	fermentograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografów	fermentograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografu	fermentograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografy	fermentograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografy	fermentograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentografy	fermentograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorach	fermentor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentora	fermentor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorami	fermentor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorem	fermentor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentor	fermentor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentor	fermentor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorom	fermentor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorowi	fermentor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorów	fermentor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentory	fermentor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentory	fermentor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentory	fermentor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorze	fermentor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentorze	fermentor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermentować	fermentować:v1	inf:imperf		
fermentowaliby	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fermentowalibyście	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fermentowalibyśmy	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fermentowali	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fermentowali	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fermentowaliście	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fermentowaliśmy	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fermentowałaby	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fermentowałabym	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fermentowałabyś	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fermentowała	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fermentowała	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fermentowałam	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fermentowałaś	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fermentowałby	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałbym	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fermentowałbyś	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałem	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fermentowałeś	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fermentował	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fermentował	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałoby	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fermentowałobym	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fermentowałobyś	fermentować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fermentowało	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fermentowało	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fermentowałom	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fermentowałoś	fermentować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fermentowałyby	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałybyście	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałybyśmy	fermentować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fermentowały	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fermentowały	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałyście	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałyśmy	fermentować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fermentowaniach	fermentować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowania	fermentować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowania	fermentować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniami	fermentować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanie	fermentować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniem	fermentować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniom	fermentować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniu	fermentować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowano	fermentować:v1	imps:imperf		
fermentowań	fermentować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentująca	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentującą	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fermentujące	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentujące	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującego	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fermentującego	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującej	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentującemu	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentując	fermentować:v1	pcon:imperf		
fermentująco	fermentować:v1	pacta		
fermentujących	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentujących	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fermentującym	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentującym	fermentować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującymi	fermentować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentują	fermentować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fermentujcie	fermentować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fermentujecie	fermentować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fermentuje	fermentować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fermentujemy	fermentować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fermentujesz	fermentować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fermentuję	fermentować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fermentuj	fermentować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fermentujmy	fermentować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fermentować	fermentować:v2	inf:imperf		
fermentowaliby	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fermentowalibyście	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fermentowalibyśmy	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fermentowali	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fermentowali	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fermentowaliście	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fermentowaliśmy	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fermentowałaby	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fermentowałabym	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fermentowałabyś	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fermentowała	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fermentowała	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fermentowałam	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fermentowałaś	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fermentowałby	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałbym	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fermentowałbyś	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałem	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fermentowałeś	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fermentował	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fermentował	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałoby	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fermentowałobym	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fermentowałobyś	fermentować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fermentowało	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fermentowało	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fermentowałom	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fermentowałoś	fermentować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fermentowałyby	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałybyście	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałybyśmy	fermentować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fermentowały	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fermentowały	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fermentowałyście	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fermentowałyśmy	fermentować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fermentowana	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentowaną	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fermentowane	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentowane	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanego	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanego	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanej	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentowanemu	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniach	fermentować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowania	fermentować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowania	fermentować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniami	fermentować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanie	fermentować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniem	fermentować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowani	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniom	fermentować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowaniu	fermentować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowano	fermentować:v2	imps:imperf		
fermentowanych	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentowanych	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentowany	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fermentowany	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fermentowanym	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentowanym	fermentować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentowanymi	fermentować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentowań	fermentować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fermentująca	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentującą	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fermentujące	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentujące	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującego	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fermentującego	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującej	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fermentującemu	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentując	fermentować:v2	pcon:imperf		
fermentująco	fermentować:v2	pacta		
fermentujących	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentujących	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fermentujący	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fermentującym	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentującym	fermentować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fermentującymi	fermentować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fermentują	fermentować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fermentujcie	fermentować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fermentujecie	fermentować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fermentuje	fermentować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fermentujemy	fermentować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fermentujesz	fermentować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fermentuję	fermentować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fermentuj	fermentować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fermentujmy	fermentować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fermentowniach	fermentownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownia	fermentownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowniami	fermentownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownią	fermentownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownie	fermentownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownie	fermentownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownie	fermentownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownię	fermentownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowni	fermentownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowni	fermentownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowni	fermentownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowni	fermentownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentownio	fermentownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowniom	fermentownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowościach	fermentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowościami	fermentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowością	fermentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowości	fermentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowościom	fermentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowość	fermentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowość	fermentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermentowa	fermentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fermentową	fermentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fermentową	fermentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fermentowe	fermentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermentowe	fermentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermentowe	fermentowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fermentowe	fermentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fermentowego	fermentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fermentowego	fermentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentowej	fermentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fermentowej	fermentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fermentowej	fermentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fermentowemu	fermentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentowi	fermentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fermentowo	fermentowy	adja		
fermentowych	fermentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fermentowych	fermentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentowych	fermentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentowy	fermentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fermentowy	fermentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fermentowym	fermentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermentowym	fermentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentowym	fermentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermentowymi	fermentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermerach	fermer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermera	fermer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermera	fermer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerami	fermer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerem	fermer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermer	fermer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerom	fermer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerowi	fermer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerów	fermer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerów	fermer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermery	fermer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fermery	fermer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerze	fermer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerze	fermer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerzy	fermer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerzy	fermer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fermerce	fermerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerce	fermerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerek	fermerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerkach	fermerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerka	fermerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerkami	fermerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerką	fermerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerkę	fermerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerki	fermerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerki	fermerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerki	fermerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerki	fermerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerko	fermerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerkom	fermerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerscy	fermerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fermerska	fermerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fermerską	fermerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fermerską	fermerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fermerskich	fermerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fermerskich	fermerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermerskich	fermerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermerskie	fermerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermerskie	fermerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermerskie	fermerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fermerskie	fermerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fermerskiego	fermerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fermerskiego	fermerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermerskiej	fermerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fermerskiej	fermerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fermerskiej	fermerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fermerskiemu	fermerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermerski	fermerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fermerski	fermerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fermerskim	fermerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermerskim	fermerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermerskim	fermerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermerskimi	fermerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermersko	fermerski	adja		
fermersku	fermerski	adjp		
fermersko	fermersko	adv:pos		
fermerskościach	fermerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskościami	fermerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskością	fermerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskości	fermerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskościom	fermerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskość	fermerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerskość	fermerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwach	fermerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwa	fermerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwa	fermerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwa	fermerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwa	fermerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwami	fermerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwem	fermerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstw	fermerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwie	fermerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwo	fermerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwo	fermerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwo	fermerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwom	fermerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermerstwu	fermerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermi	fermi	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionach	fermion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionami	fermion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionem	fermion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermion	fermion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermion	fermion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionie	fermion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionie	fermion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionom	fermion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionowi	fermion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionów	fermion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermionu	fermion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermiony	fermion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermiony	fermion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermiony	fermion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fermoarach	fermoar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarami	fermoar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarem	fermoar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoar	fermoar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoar	fermoar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarom	fermoar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarowi	fermoar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarów	fermoar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoaru	fermoar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoary	fermoar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoary	fermoar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoary	fermoar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarze	fermoar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarze	fermoar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarek	fermoarek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarek	fermoarek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarkach	fermoarek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarka	fermoarek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarkami	fermoarek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarkiem	fermoarek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarki	fermoarek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarki	fermoarek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarki	fermoarek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarkom	fermoarek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarkowi	fermoarek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarków	fermoarek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarku	fermoarek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermoarku	fermoarek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermowościach	fermowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowościami	fermowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowością	fermowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowości	fermowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowościom	fermowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowość	fermowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowość	fermowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fermowa	fermowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fermową	fermowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fermową	fermowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fermowe	fermowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermowe	fermowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fermowe	fermowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fermowe	fermowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fermowego	fermowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fermowego	fermowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermowej	fermowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fermowej	fermowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fermowej	fermowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fermowemu	fermowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermowi	fermowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fermowo	fermowy	adja		
fermowych	fermowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fermowych	fermowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermowych	fermowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermowy	fermowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fermowy	fermowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fermowym	fermowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermowym	fermowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermowym	fermowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fermowymi	fermowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fermuarach	fermuar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarami	fermuar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarem	fermuar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuar	fermuar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuar	fermuar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarom	fermuar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarowi	fermuar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarów	fermuar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuaru	fermuar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuary	fermuar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuary	fermuar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuary	fermuar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarze	fermuar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fermuarze	fermuar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernambukach	fernambuk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukami	fernambuk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuk	fernambuk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuk	fernambuk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukiem	fernambuk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuki	fernambuk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuki	fernambuk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuki	fernambuk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukom	fernambuk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowi	fernambuk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuków	fernambuk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuku	fernambuk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuku	fernambuk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambuku	fernambuk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowościach	fernambukowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowościami	fernambukowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowością	fernambukowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowości	fernambukowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowościom	fernambukowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowość	fernambukowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowość	fernambukowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fernambukowa	fernambukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fernambukową	fernambukowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fernambukową	fernambukowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fernambukowe	fernambukowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fernambukowe	fernambukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fernambukowe	fernambukowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowe	fernambukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowego	fernambukowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fernambukowego	fernambukowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowej	fernambukowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fernambukowej	fernambukowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fernambukowej	fernambukowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fernambukowemu	fernambukowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowi	fernambukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fernambukowo	fernambukowy	adja		
fernambukowych	fernambukowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fernambukowych	fernambukowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fernambukowych	fernambukowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fernambukowy	fernambukowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fernambukowy	fernambukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fernambukowym	fernambukowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fernambukowym	fernambukowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowym	fernambukowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fernambukowymi	fernambukowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fernepiksach	fernepiks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksami	fernepiks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksem	fernepiks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiks	fernepiks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiks	fernepiks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksie	fernepiks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksie	fernepiks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksom	fernepiks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksowi	fernepiks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksów	fernepiks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksu	fernepiks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksy	fernepiks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksy	fernepiks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernepiksy	fernepiks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fernikach	ferniko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernika	ferniko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernika	ferniko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernika	ferniko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernika	ferniko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernikami	ferniko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernik	ferniko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernikiem	ferniko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ferniko	ferniko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ferniko	ferniko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ferniko	ferniko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
fernikom	ferniko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ferniku	ferniko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
ferniku	ferniko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
feromonach	feromon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonami	feromon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonem	feromon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromon	feromon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromon	feromon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonie	feromon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonie	feromon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonom	feromon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowi	feromon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonów	feromon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonu	feromon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromony	feromon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromony	feromon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromony	feromon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowościach	feromonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowościami	feromonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowością	feromonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowości	feromonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowościom	feromonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowość	feromonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowość	feromonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feromonowa	feromonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feromonową	feromonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feromonową	feromonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feromonowe	feromonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feromonowe	feromonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feromonowe	feromonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feromonowe	feromonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feromonowego	feromonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feromonowego	feromonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feromonowej	feromonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feromonowej	feromonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feromonowej	feromonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feromonowemu	feromonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feromonowi	feromonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feromonowo	feromonowy	adja		
feromonowych	feromonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feromonowych	feromonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feromonowych	feromonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feromonowy	feromonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feromonowy	feromonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feromonowym	feromonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feromonowym	feromonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feromonowym	feromonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feromonowymi	feromonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferować	ferować	inf:imperf		przest.
ferowaliby	ferować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowalibyście	ferować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowalibyśmy	ferować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowali	ferować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
ferowali	ferować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowaliście	ferować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowaliśmy	ferować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałaby	ferować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałabym	ferować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałabyś	ferować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowała	ferować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
ferowała	ferować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałam	ferować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałaś	ferować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowałby	ferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałbym	ferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałbyś	ferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowałem	ferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałeś	ferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
ferował	ferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
ferował	ferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałoby	ferować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałobym	ferować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałobyś	ferować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowało	ferować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
ferowało	ferować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałom	ferować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowałoś	ferować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowałyby	ferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałybyście	ferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowałybyśmy	ferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowały	ferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
ferowały	ferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
ferowałyście	ferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
ferowałyśmy	ferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
ferowana	ferować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ferowaną	ferować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ferowane	ferować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferowane	ferować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferowanego	ferować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ferowanego	ferować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferowanej	ferować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ferowanemu	ferować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferowaniach	ferować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowania	ferować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowania	ferować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowaniami	ferować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowanie	ferować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowaniem	ferować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowani	ferować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ferowaniom	ferować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowaniu	ferować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ferowano	ferować	imps:imperf		przest.
ferowanych	ferować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ferowanych	ferować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferowany	ferować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ferowany	ferować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ferowanym	ferować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferowanym	ferować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferowanymi	ferować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferowań	ferować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ferująca	ferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ferującą	ferować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ferujące	ferować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferujące	ferować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferującego	ferować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ferującego	ferować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferującej	ferować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ferującemu	ferować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferując	ferować	pcon:imperf		przest.
ferująco	ferować	pacta		
ferujących	ferować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ferujących	ferować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferujący	ferować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ferujący	ferować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ferujący	ferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ferującym	ferować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferującym	ferować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ferującymi	ferować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ferują	ferować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
ferujcie	ferować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
ferujecie	ferować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
feruje	ferować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
ferujemy	ferować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ferujesz	ferować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
feruję	ferować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
feruj	ferować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
ferujmy	ferować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrari	ferrari	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmach	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmami	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmem	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzm	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzm	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmie	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmie	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmom	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmowi	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmów	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmu	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmy	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmy	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrimagnetyzmy	ferrimagnetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromach	ferrochrom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromami	ferrochrom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromem	ferrochrom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochrom	ferrochrom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochrom	ferrochrom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromie	ferrochrom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromie	ferrochrom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromom	ferrochrom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromowi	ferrochrom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromów	ferrochrom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromu	ferrochrom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromy	ferrochrom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromy	ferrochrom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrochromy	ferrochrom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościach	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościami	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznością	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościom	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczność	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczność	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościach	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościami	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznością	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczności	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrycznościom	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczność	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczność	ferroelektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryczna	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ferroelektryczną	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ferroelektryczną	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ferroelektryczne	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektryczne	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektryczne	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektryczne	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektrycznego	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ferroelektrycznego	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektrycznej	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ferroelektrycznej	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ferroelektrycznej	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ferroelektrycznemu	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektryczni	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ferroelektryczno	ferroelektryczny	adja		
ferroelektrycznych	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ferroelektrycznych	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektrycznych	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektryczny	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ferroelektryczny	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ferroelektrycznym	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektrycznym	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektrycznym	ferroelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferroelektrycznymi	ferroelektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferroelektrykach	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryka	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrykami	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryk	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryk	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrykiem	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryki	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryki	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryki	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrykom	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektrykowi	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryków	ferroelektryk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryku	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryku	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferroelektryku	ferroelektryk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforach	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforami	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforem	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosfor	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosfor	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforom	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforowi	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforów	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforu	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosfory	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosfory	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosfory	ferrofosfor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforze	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrofosforze	ferrofosfor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolicie	ferrolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolicie	ferrolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitach	ferrolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitami	ferrolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitem	ferrolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolit	ferrolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolit	ferrolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitom	ferrolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitowi	ferrolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitów	ferrolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolitu	ferrolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolity	ferrolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolity	ferrolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrolity	ferrolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetycznościach	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetycznościami	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetycznością	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczności	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetycznościom	ferromagnetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczność	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczność	ferromagnetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyczna	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ferromagnetyczną	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ferromagnetyczną	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ferromagnetyczne	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetyczne	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetyczne	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetyczne	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetycznego	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ferromagnetycznego	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetycznej	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ferromagnetycznej	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ferromagnetycznej	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ferromagnetycznemu	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetyczni	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ferromagnetyczno	ferromagnetyczny	adja		
ferromagnetycznych	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ferromagnetycznych	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetycznych	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetyczny	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ferromagnetyczny	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ferromagnetycznym	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetycznym	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetycznym	ferromagnetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferromagnetycznymi	ferromagnetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferromagnetykach	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetykami	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyk	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyk	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetykiem	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyki	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyki	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyki	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetykom	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetykowi	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyków	ferromagnetyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyku	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyku	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyku	ferromagnetyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmach	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmami	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmem	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzm	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzm	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmie	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmie	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmom	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmowi	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmów	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmu	ferromagnetyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmy	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmy	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromagnetyzmy	ferromagnetyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganach	ferromangan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganami	ferromangan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganem	ferromangan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromangan	ferromangan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromangan	ferromangan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganie	ferromangan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganie	ferromangan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganom	ferromangan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganowi	ferromangan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganów	ferromangan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromanganu	ferromangan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromangany	ferromangan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromangany	ferromangan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromangany	ferromangan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenach	ferromolibden	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenami	ferromolibden	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenem	ferromolibden	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibden	ferromolibden	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibden	ferromolibden	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenie	ferromolibden	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenie	ferromolibden	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenom	ferromolibden	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenowi	ferromolibden	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenów	ferromolibden	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdenu	ferromolibden	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdeny	ferromolibden	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdeny	ferromolibden	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferromolibdeny	ferromolibden	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopach	ferrostop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopami	ferrostop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopem	ferrostop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostop	ferrostop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostop	ferrostop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopie	ferrostop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopie	ferrostop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopom	ferrostop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowi	ferrostop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopów	ferrostop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopu	ferrostop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopy	ferrostop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopy	ferrostop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopy	ferrostop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowościach	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowościami	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowością	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowości	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowościom	ferrostopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowość	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowość	ferrostopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrostopowa	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ferrostopową	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ferrostopową	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ferrostopowe	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrostopowe	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrostopowe	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowe	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowego	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ferrostopowego	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowej	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ferrostopowej	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ferrostopowej	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ferrostopowemu	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowi	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrostopowo	ferrostopowy	adja		
ferrostopowych	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrostopowych	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrostopowych	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrostopowy	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ferrostopowy	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ferrostopowym	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrostopowym	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowym	ferrostopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrostopowymi	ferrostopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrowanadach	ferrowanad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadami	ferrowanad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadem	ferrowanad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanad	ferrowanad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanad	ferrowanad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadom	ferrowanad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadowi	ferrowanad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadów	ferrowanad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadu	ferrowanad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanady	ferrowanad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanady	ferrowanad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanady	ferrowanad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadzie	ferrowanad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowanadzie	ferrowanad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframach	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframami	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframem	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolfram	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolfram	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframie	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframie	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframom	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframowi	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframów	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframu	ferrowolfram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframy	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframy	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrowolframy	ferrowolfram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrycie	ferryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrycie	ferryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytach	ferryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytami	ferryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytem	ferryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferryt	ferryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferryt	ferryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytom	ferryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowi	ferryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytów	ferryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytu	ferryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferryty	ferryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferryty	ferryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferryty	ferryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowościach	ferrytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowościami	ferrytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowością	ferrytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowości	ferrytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowościom	ferrytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowość	ferrytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowość	ferrytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytowa	ferrytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ferrytową	ferrytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ferrytową	ferrytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ferrytowe	ferrytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytowe	ferrytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytowe	ferrytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowe	ferrytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowego	ferrytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ferrytowego	ferrytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowej	ferrytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ferrytowej	ferrytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ferrytowej	ferrytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ferrytowemu	ferrytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowi	ferrytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrytowo	ferrytowy	adja		
ferrytowych	ferrytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrytowych	ferrytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytowych	ferrytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytowy	ferrytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ferrytowy	ferrytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ferrytowym	ferrytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytowym	ferrytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowym	ferrytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytowymi	ferrytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytycznościach	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytycznościami	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytycznością	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczności	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytycznościom	ferrytyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczność	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczność	ferrytyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyczna	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ferrytyczną	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ferrytyczną	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ferrytyczne	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytyczne	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytyczne	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrytyczne	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ferrytycznego	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ferrytycznego	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytycznej	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ferrytycznej	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ferrytycznej	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ferrytycznemu	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytyczni	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrytyczno	ferrytyczny	adja		
ferrytycznych	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ferrytycznych	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytycznych	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytyczny	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ferrytyczny	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ferrytycznym	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytycznym	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytycznym	ferrytyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ferrytycznymi	ferrytyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferrytynach	ferrytyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyna	ferrytyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytynami	ferrytyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyną	ferrytyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytynę	ferrytyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyn	ferrytyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytynie	ferrytyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytynie	ferrytyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyno	ferrytyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytynom	ferrytyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyny	ferrytyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyny	ferrytyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyny	ferrytyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ferrytyny	ferrytyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertacie	fertać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fertać	fertać	inf:imperf		
ferta	fertać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fertająca	fertać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fertającą	fertać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fertające	fertać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertające	fertać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertającego	fertać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fertającego	fertać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertającej	fertać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fertającemu	fertać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertając	fertać	pcon:imperf		
fertająco	fertać	pacta		
fertających	fertać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fertających	fertać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertający	fertać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fertający	fertać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fertający	fertać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fertającym	fertać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertającym	fertać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertającymi	fertać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertają	fertać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fertajcie	fertać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fertaj	fertać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fertajmy	fertać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fertaliby	fertać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fertalibyście	fertać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fertalibyśmy	fertać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fertali	fertać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fertali	fertać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fertaliście	fertać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fertaliśmy	fertać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fertałaby	fertać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fertałabym	fertać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fertałabyś	fertać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fertała	fertać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fertała	fertać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fertałam	fertać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fertałaś	fertać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fertałby	fertać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fertałbym	fertać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fertałbyś	fertać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fertałem	fertać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fertałeś	fertać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fertał	fertać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fertał	fertać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fertałoby	fertać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fertałobym	fertać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fertałobyś	fertać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fertało	fertać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fertało	fertać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fertałom	fertać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fertałoś	fertać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fertałyby	fertać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fertałybyście	fertać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fertałybyśmy	fertać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fertały	fertać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fertały	fertać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fertałyście	fertać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fertałyśmy	fertać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fertam	fertać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fertamy	fertać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fertana	fertać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fertaną	fertać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fertane	fertać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertane	fertać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertanego	fertać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fertanego	fertać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertanej	fertać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fertanemu	fertać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertaniach	fertać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fertania	fertać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fertania	fertać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fertaniami	fertać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fertanie	fertać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fertaniem	fertać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fertani	fertać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fertaniom	fertać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fertaniu	fertać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fertano	fertać	imps:imperf		
fertanych	fertać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fertanych	fertać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertany	fertać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fertany	fertać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fertanym	fertać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertanym	fertać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fertanymi	fertać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fertań	fertać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fertasz	fertać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fertcy	fertki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fertka	fertki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fertką	fertki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fertką	fertki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fertkich	fertki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fertkich	fertki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertkich	fertki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertkie	fertki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertkie	fertki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertkie	fertki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertkie	fertki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertkiego	fertki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fertkiego	fertki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertkiej	fertki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fertkiej	fertki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fertkiej	fertki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fertkiemu	fertki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertki	fertki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fertki	fertki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fertkim	fertki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertkim	fertki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertkim	fertki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fertkimi	fertki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fertko	fertki	adja		daw.
fertkościach	fertkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkościami	fertkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkością	fertkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkości	fertkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkościom	fertkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkość	fertkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertkość	fertkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertnąć	fertnąć	inf:perf		rzad.
fertną	fertnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnąłby	fertnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnąłbym	fertnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnąłbyś	fertnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnąłem	fertnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnąłeś	fertnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnął	fertnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		rzad.
fertnął	fertnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnąwszy	fertnąć	pant:perf		rzad.
fertnę	fertnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęliby	fertnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęlibyście	fertnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęlibyśmy	fertnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęli	fertnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		rzad.
fertnęli	fertnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęliście	fertnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęliśmy	fertnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęłaby	fertnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłabym	fertnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęłabyś	fertnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęła	fertnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		rzad.
fertnęła	fertnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłam	fertnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęłaś	fertnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęłoby	fertnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłobym	fertnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęłobyś	fertnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęło	fertnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		rzad.
fertnęło	fertnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłom	fertnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęłoś	fertnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęłyby	fertnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłybyście	fertnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęłybyśmy	fertnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		rzad.
fertnęły	fertnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		rzad.
fertnęły	fertnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		rzad.
fertnęłyście	fertnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnęłyśmy	fertnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		rzad.
fertniecie	fertnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnie	fertnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		rzad.
fertniemy	fertnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		rzad.
fertniesz	fertnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnięciach	fertnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięcia	fertnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięcia	fertnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięciami	fertnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięcie	fertnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięciem	fertnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięci	fertnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fertnięciom	fertnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięciu	fertnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięć	fertnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fertnięta	fertnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
fertniętą	fertnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
fertnięte	fertnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fertnięte	fertnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
fertniętego	fertnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
fertniętego	fertnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fertniętej	fertnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
fertniętemu	fertnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fertnięto	fertnąć	imps:perf		rzad.
fertniętych	fertnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fertniętych	fertnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fertnięty	fertnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
fertnięty	fertnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
fertniętym	fertnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fertniętym	fertnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fertniętymi	fertnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fertnijcie	fertnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnij	fertnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		rzad.
fertnijmy	fertnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		rzad.
fertonach	ferton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertona	ferton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonami	ferton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonem	ferton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferton	ferton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferton	ferton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonie	ferton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonie	ferton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonom	ferton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonowi	ferton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonów	ferton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertonu	ferton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertony	ferton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertony	ferton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertony	ferton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fertycznie	fertycznie	adv:pos		
fertyczniej	fertycznie	adv:com		
fertycznościach	fertyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertycznościami	fertyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertycznością	fertyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczności	fertyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertycznościom	fertyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczność	fertyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczność	fertyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fertyczna	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fertyczną	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fertyczną	fertyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fertyczne	fertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fertyczne	fertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fertyczne	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fertyczne	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fertycznego	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fertycznego	fertyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fertycznej	fertyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fertycznej	fertyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fertycznej	fertyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fertycznemu	fertyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fertyczniejsi	fertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
fertyczniejsza	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszą	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszą	fertyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejsze	fertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejsze	fertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejsze	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejsze	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszego	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszego	fertyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszej	fertyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszej	fertyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszej	fertyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszemu	fertyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszych	fertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszych	fertyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszych	fertyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszy	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszy	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszym	fertyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszym	fertyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszym	fertyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fertyczniejszymi	fertyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fertyczni	fertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fertyczno	fertyczny	adja		
fertycznych	fertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fertycznych	fertyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fertycznych	fertyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fertyczny	fertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fertyczny	fertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fertycznym	fertyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fertycznym	fertyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fertycznym	fertyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fertycznymi	fertyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ferule	feruła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferule	feruła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferułach	feruła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruła	feruła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferułami	feruła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferułą	feruła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferułę	feruła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruł	feruła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruło	feruła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferułom	feruła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruły	feruła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruły	feruła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruły	feruła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feruły	feruła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ferworach	ferwor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworami	ferwor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworem	ferwor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferwor	ferwor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferwor	ferwor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworom	ferwor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworowi	ferwor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworów	ferwor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworu	ferwor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferwory	ferwor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferwory	ferwor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferwory	ferwor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworze	ferwor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ferworze	ferwor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feryjnościach	feryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjnościami	feryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjnością	feryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjności	feryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjnościom	feryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjność	feryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjność	feryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feryjna	feryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feryjną	feryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feryjną	feryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feryjne	feryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feryjne	feryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feryjne	feryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feryjne	feryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feryjnego	feryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feryjnego	feryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feryjnej	feryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feryjnej	feryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feryjnej	feryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feryjnemu	feryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feryjni	feryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feryjno	feryjny	adja		
feryjnych	feryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feryjnych	feryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feryjnych	feryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feryjny	feryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feryjny	feryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feryjnym	feryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feryjnym	feryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feryjnym	feryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feryjnymi	feryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fes	fes	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fes	fes	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fest	fest:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fest	fest:d	adv:pos		
festiwalach	festiwal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalami	festiwal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwale	festiwal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwale	festiwal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwale	festiwal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalem	festiwal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwal	festiwal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwal	festiwal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwali	festiwal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalom	festiwal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowi	festiwal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalów	festiwal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalu	festiwal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalu	festiwal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalu	festiwal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalikach	festiwalik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalikami	festiwalik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalik	festiwalik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalik	festiwalik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalikiem	festiwalik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliki	festiwalik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliki	festiwalik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliki	festiwalik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalikom	festiwalik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalikowi	festiwalik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalików	festiwalik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliku	festiwalik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliku	festiwalik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwaliku	festiwalik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowościach	festiwalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowościami	festiwalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowością	festiwalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowości	festiwalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowościom	festiwalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowość	festiwalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowość	festiwalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festiwalowa	festiwalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
festiwalową	festiwalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
festiwalową	festiwalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
festiwalowe	festiwalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festiwalowe	festiwalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festiwalowe	festiwalowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowe	festiwalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowego	festiwalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
festiwalowego	festiwalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowej	festiwalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
festiwalowej	festiwalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
festiwalowej	festiwalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
festiwalowemu	festiwalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowi	festiwalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
festiwalowo	festiwalowy	adja		
festiwalowych	festiwalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
festiwalowych	festiwalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festiwalowych	festiwalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festiwalowy	festiwalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
festiwalowy	festiwalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
festiwalowym	festiwalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festiwalowym	festiwalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowym	festiwalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festiwalowymi	festiwalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festmetrach	festmetr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetra	festmetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrami	festmetr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrem	festmetr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetr	festmetr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetr	festmetr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrom	festmetr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrowi	festmetr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrów	festmetr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetry	festmetr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetry	festmetr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetry	festmetr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrze	festmetr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festmetrze	festmetr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonach	feston	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonami	feston	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonem	feston	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feston	feston	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feston	feston	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonie	feston	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonie	feston	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonom	feston	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonowi	feston	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonów	feston	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonu	feston	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festony	feston	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festony	feston	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festony	feston	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festonowościach	festonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowościami	festonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowością	festonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowości	festonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowościom	festonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowość	festonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowość	festonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festonowa	festonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
festonową	festonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
festonową	festonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
festonowe	festonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festonowe	festonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festonowe	festonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
festonowe	festonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
festonowego	festonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
festonowego	festonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festonowej	festonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
festonowej	festonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
festonowej	festonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
festonowemu	festonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festonowi	festonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
festonowo	festonowy	adja		
festonowych	festonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
festonowych	festonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festonowych	festonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festonowy	festonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
festonowy	festonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
festonowym	festonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festonowym	festonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festonowym	festonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festonowymi	festonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festach	fest:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festami	fest:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festem	fest:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fest	fest:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fest	fest:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festom	fest:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festowi	fest:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festów	fest:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festu	fest:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festy	fest:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festy	fest:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festy	fest:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feście	fest:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feście	fest:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynach	festyn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynami	festyn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynem	festyn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyn	festyn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyn	festyn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynie	festyn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynie	festyn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynom	festyn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynowi	festyn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynów	festyn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festynu	festyn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyny	festyn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyny	festyn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyny	festyn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarscy	festyniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
festyniarska	festyniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
festyniarską	festyniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
festyniarską	festyniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
festyniarskich	festyniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
festyniarskich	festyniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarskich	festyniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarskie	festyniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarskie	festyniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarskie	festyniarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
festyniarskie	festyniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
festyniarskiego	festyniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
festyniarskiego	festyniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festyniarskiej	festyniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
festyniarskiej	festyniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
festyniarskiej	festyniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
festyniarskiemu	festyniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festyniarski	festyniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
festyniarski	festyniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
festyniarskim	festyniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarskim	festyniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festyniarskim	festyniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festyniarskimi	festyniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festyniarsko	festyniarski	adja		
festyniarsku	festyniarski	adjp		
festyniarsko	festyniarsko	adv:pos		
festyniarskościach	festyniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskościami	festyniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskością	festyniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskości	festyniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskościom	festyniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskość	festyniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festyniarskość	festyniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynnościach	festynność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynnościami	festynność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynnością	festynność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynności	festynność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynnościom	festynność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynność	festynność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynność	festynność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
festynna	festynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
festynną	festynny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
festynną	festynny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
festynne	festynny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynne	festynny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynne	festynny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynne	festynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynnego	festynny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
festynnego	festynny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynnej	festynny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
festynnej	festynny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
festynnej	festynny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
festynnemu	festynny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynni	festynny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
festynno	festynny	adja		daw.
festynnych	festynny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
festynnych	festynny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynnych	festynny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynny	festynny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
festynny	festynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
festynnym	festynny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynnym	festynny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynnym	festynny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
festynnymi	festynny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
festynować	festynować	inf:imperf		
festynowaliby	festynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
festynowalibyście	festynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
festynowalibyśmy	festynować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
festynowali	festynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
festynowali	festynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
festynowaliście	festynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
festynowaliśmy	festynować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
festynowałaby	festynować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
festynowałabym	festynować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
festynowałabyś	festynować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
festynowała	festynować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
festynowała	festynować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
festynowałam	festynować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
festynowałaś	festynować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
festynowałby	festynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
festynowałbym	festynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
festynowałbyś	festynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
festynowałem	festynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
festynowałeś	festynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
festynował	festynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
festynował	festynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
festynowałoby	festynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
festynowałobym	festynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
festynowałobyś	festynować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
festynowało	festynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
festynowało	festynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
festynowałom	festynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
festynowałoś	festynować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
festynowałyby	festynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
festynowałybyście	festynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
festynowałybyśmy	festynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
festynowały	festynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
festynowały	festynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
festynowałyście	festynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
festynowałyśmy	festynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
festynowaniach	festynować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowania	festynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowania	festynować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowaniami	festynować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowanie	festynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowaniem	festynować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowaniom	festynować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowaniu	festynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
festynowano	festynować	imps:imperf		
festynowań	festynować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
festynująca	festynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
festynującą	festynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
festynujące	festynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
festynujące	festynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
festynującego	festynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
festynującego	festynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
festynującej	festynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
festynującemu	festynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
festynując	festynować	pcon:imperf		
festynująco	festynować	pacta		
festynujących	festynować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
festynujących	festynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
festynujący	festynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
festynujący	festynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
festynujący	festynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
festynującym	festynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
festynującym	festynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
festynującymi	festynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
festynują	festynować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
festynujcie	festynować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
festynujecie	festynować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
festynuje	festynować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
festynujemy	festynować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
festynujesz	festynować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
festynuję	festynować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
festynuj	festynować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
festynujmy	festynować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
festynowościach	festynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowościami	festynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowością	festynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowości	festynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowościom	festynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowość	festynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowość	festynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
festynowa	festynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
festynową	festynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
festynową	festynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
festynowe	festynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festynowe	festynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
festynowe	festynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
festynowe	festynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
festynowego	festynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
festynowego	festynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festynowej	festynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
festynowej	festynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
festynowej	festynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
festynowemu	festynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festynowi	festynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
festynowo	festynowy	adja		
festynowych	festynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
festynowych	festynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festynowych	festynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festynowy	festynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
festynowy	festynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
festynowym	festynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
festynowym	festynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festynowym	festynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
festynowymi	festynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fecie	feta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fecie	feta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetach	feta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feta	feta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetami	feta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetą	feta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetę	feta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fet	feta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
feto	feta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetom	feta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fety	feta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fety	feta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fety	feta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fety	feta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetce	fetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetce	fetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetek	fetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetkach	fetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetka	fetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetkami	fetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetką	fetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetkę	fetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetki	fetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetki	fetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetki	fetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetki	fetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetko	fetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetkom	fetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fetniacy	fetniak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniacy	fetniak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniakach	fetniak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaka	fetniak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaka	fetniak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniakami	fetniak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniak	fetniak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniakiem	fetniak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaki	fetniak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaki	fetniak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniakom	fetniak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniakowi	fetniak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaków	fetniak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaków	fetniak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaku	fetniak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetniaku	fetniak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fetorach	fetor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorami	fetor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorem	fetor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetor	fetor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetor	fetor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorom	fetor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorowi	fetor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorów	fetor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetoru	fetor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetory	fetor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetory	fetor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetory	fetor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorze	fetor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorze	fetor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorek	fetorek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorek	fetorek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorkach	fetorek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorkami	fetorek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorkiem	fetorek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorki	fetorek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorki	fetorek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorki	fetorek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorkom	fetorek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorkowi	fetorek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorków	fetorek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorku	fetorek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorku	fetorek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetorku	fetorek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopiach	fetoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopia	fetoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopiami	fetoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopią	fetoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopie	fetoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopie	fetoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopie	fetoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopię	fetoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopii	fetoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fetoskopii	fetoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopii	fetoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopii	fetoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopij	fetoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fetoskopio	fetoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetoskopiom	fetoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetować	fetować	inf:imperf		
fetowaliby	fetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fetowalibyście	fetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fetowalibyśmy	fetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fetowali	fetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fetowali	fetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fetowaliście	fetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fetowaliśmy	fetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fetowałaby	fetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fetowałabym	fetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fetowałabyś	fetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fetowała	fetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fetowała	fetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fetowałam	fetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fetowałaś	fetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fetowałby	fetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fetowałbym	fetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fetowałbyś	fetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fetowałem	fetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fetowałeś	fetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fetował	fetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fetował	fetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fetowałoby	fetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fetowałobym	fetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fetowałobyś	fetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fetowało	fetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fetowało	fetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fetowałom	fetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fetowałoś	fetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fetowałyby	fetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fetowałybyście	fetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fetowałybyśmy	fetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fetowały	fetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fetowały	fetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fetowałyście	fetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fetowałyśmy	fetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fetowana	fetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fetowaną	fetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fetowane	fetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetowane	fetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetowanego	fetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fetowanego	fetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetowanej	fetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fetowanemu	fetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetowaniach	fetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowania	fetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowania	fetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowaniami	fetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowanie	fetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowaniem	fetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowani	fetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetowaniom	fetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowaniu	fetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetowano	fetować	imps:imperf		
fetowanych	fetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetowanych	fetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetowany	fetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fetowany	fetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fetowanym	fetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetowanym	fetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetowanymi	fetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetowań	fetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fetująca	fetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fetującą	fetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fetujące	fetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetujące	fetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetującego	fetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fetującego	fetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetującej	fetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fetującemu	fetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetując	fetować	pcon:imperf		
fetująco	fetować	pacta		
fetujących	fetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetujących	fetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetujący	fetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetujący	fetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fetujący	fetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fetującym	fetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetującym	fetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetującymi	fetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetują	fetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fetujcie	fetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fetujecie	fetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fetuje	fetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fetujemy	fetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fetujesz	fetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fetuję	fetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fetuj	fetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fetujmy	fetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fetyszach	fetysz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszach	fetysz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszach	fetysz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysza	fetysz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysza	fetysz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysza	fetysz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszami	fetysz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszami	fetysz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszami	fetysz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetysze	fetysz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszem	fetysz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszem	fetysz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszem	fetysz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysz	fetysz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetysz	fetysz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysz	fetysz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetysz	fetysz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetysz	fetysz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszom	fetysz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszom	fetysz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszom	fetysz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszowi	fetysz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszowi	fetysz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszowi	fetysz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszów	fetysz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszów	fetysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszu	fetysz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fetyszy	fetysz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystach	fetyszysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszysta	fetyszysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystami	fetyszysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystą	fetyszysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystę	fetyszysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszysto	fetyszysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystom	fetyszysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystów	fetyszysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystów	fetyszysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszysty	fetyszysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszysty	fetyszysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszysty	fetyszysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyście	fetyszysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyście	fetyszysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyści	fetyszysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyści	fetyszysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystce	fetyszystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystce	fetyszystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystek	fetyszystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystkach	fetyszystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystka	fetyszystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystkami	fetyszystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystką	fetyszystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystkę	fetyszystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystki	fetyszystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystki	fetyszystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystki	fetyszystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystki	fetyszystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystko	fetyszystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystkom	fetyszystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystycznościach	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystycznościami	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystycznością	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczności	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystycznościom	fetyszystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczność	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczność	fetyszystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszystyczna	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fetyszystyczną	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fetyszystyczną	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fetyszystyczne	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszystyczne	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszystyczne	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystyczne	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystycznego	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fetyszystycznego	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystycznej	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fetyszystycznej	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fetyszystycznej	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fetyszystycznemu	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystyczni	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fetyszystyczno	fetyszystyczny	adja		
fetyszystycznych	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fetyszystycznych	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszystycznych	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszystyczny	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fetyszystyczny	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fetyszystycznym	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszystycznym	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystycznym	fetyszystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fetyszystycznymi	fetyszystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fetyszyzacjach	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacja	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacjami	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacją	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacje	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacje	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacje	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzację	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacji	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fetyszyzacji	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacji	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacji	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacjo	fetyszyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacjom	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzacyj	fetyszyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fetyszyzmach	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmami	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmem	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzm	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzm	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmie	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmie	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmom	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmowi	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmów	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmu	fetyszyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmy	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmy	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzmy	fetyszyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fetyszyzować	fetyszyzować	inf:imperf		
fetyszyzowaliby	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowalibyście	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowalibyśmy	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowali	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fetyszyzowali	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowaliście	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowaliśmy	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałaby	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałabym	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałabyś	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowała	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fetyszyzowała	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałam	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałaś	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowałby	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałbym	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałbyś	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowałem	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałeś	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzował	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fetyszyzował	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałoby	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałobym	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałobyś	fetyszyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowało	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fetyszyzowało	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałom	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowałoś	fetyszyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowałyby	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałybyście	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowałybyśmy	fetyszyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowały	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fetyszyzowały	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzowałyście	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzowałyśmy	fetyszyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzowana	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaną	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowane	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowane	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanego	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanego	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanej	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanemu	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaniach	fetyszyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowania	fetyszyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowania	fetyszyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaniami	fetyszyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanie	fetyszyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaniem	fetyszyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowani	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaniom	fetyszyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowaniu	fetyszyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowano	fetyszyzować	imps:imperf		
fetyszyzowanych	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanych	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowany	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowany	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanym	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanym	fetyszyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowanymi	fetyszyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzowań	fetyszyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzująca	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującą	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujące	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujące	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującego	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującego	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującej	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującemu	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzując	fetyszyzować	pcon:imperf		
fetyszyzująco	fetyszyzować	pacta		
fetyszyzujących	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujących	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujący	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujący	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzujący	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującym	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującym	fetyszyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzującymi	fetyszyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fetyszyzują	fetyszyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzujcie	fetyszyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzujecie	fetyszyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzuje	fetyszyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fetyszyzujemy	fetyszyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzujesz	fetyszyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzuję	fetyszyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fetyszyzuj	fetyszyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fetyszyzujmy	fetyszyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
feudalistycznościach	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistycznościami	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistycznością	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczności	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistycznościom	feudalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczność	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczność	feudalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalistyczna	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feudalistyczną	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feudalistyczną	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feudalistyczne	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feudalistyczne	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feudalistyczne	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feudalistyczne	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feudalistycznego	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feudalistycznego	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalistycznej	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feudalistycznej	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feudalistycznej	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feudalistycznemu	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalistyczni	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feudalistyczno	feudalistyczny	adja		
feudalistycznych	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feudalistycznych	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalistycznych	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalistyczny	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feudalistyczny	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feudalistycznym	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalistycznym	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalistycznym	feudalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalistycznymi	feudalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalizacjach	feudalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacja	feudalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacjami	feudalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacją	feudalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacje	feudalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacje	feudalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacje	feudalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizację	feudalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacji	feudalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
feudalizacji	feudalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacji	feudalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacji	feudalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacjo	feudalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacjom	feudalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizacyj	feudalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
feudalizmach	feudalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmami	feudalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmem	feudalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizm	feudalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizm	feudalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmie	feudalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmie	feudalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmom	feudalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmowi	feudalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmów	feudalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmu	feudalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmy	feudalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmy	feudalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalizmy	feudalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
feudalnie	feudalnie	adv:pos		
feudalnościach	feudalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalnościami	feudalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalnością	feudalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalności	feudalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalnościom	feudalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalność	feudalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalność	feudalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
feudalna	feudalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
feudalną	feudalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
feudalną	feudalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
feudalne	feudalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feudalne	feudalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
feudalne	feudalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
feudalne	feudalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
feudalnego	feudalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
feudalnego	feudalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalnej	feudalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
feudalnej	feudalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
feudalnej	feudalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
feudalnemu	feudalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalni	feudalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
feudalno	feudalny	adja		
feudalnych	feudalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
feudalnych	feudalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalnych	feudalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalny	feudalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
feudalny	feudalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
feudalnym	feudalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudalnym	feudalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalnym	feudalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
feudalnymi	feudalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
feudale	feudał	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudale	feudał	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałach	feudał	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudała	feudał	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudała	feudał	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałami	feudał	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałem	feudał	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudał	feudał	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałom	feudał	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałowie	feudał	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałowie	feudał	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałowi	feudał	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałów	feudał	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudałów	feudał	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
feudały	feudał	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feudały	feudał	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
feudatariuszach	feudatariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusza	feudatariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusza	feudatariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszami	feudatariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusze	feudatariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusze	feudatariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusze	feudatariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusze	feudatariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszem	feudatariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariusz	feudatariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszom	feudatariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszowi	feudatariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszów	feudatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszów	feudatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszu	feudatariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszu	feudatariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszy	feudatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudatariuszy	feudatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
feudach	feudum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feuda	feudum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feuda	feudum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feuda	feudum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudami	feudum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudom	feudum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudów	feudum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
feudum	feudum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fezach	fez	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezami	fez	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezem	fez	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fez	fez	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fez	fez	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezie	fez	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezie	fez	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezom	fez	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezowi	fez	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezów	fez	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezu	fez	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezy	fez	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezy	fez	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezy	fez	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fezce	fezka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezce	fezka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezek	fezka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezkach	fezka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezka	fezka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezkami	fezka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezką	fezka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezkę	fezka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezki	fezka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezki	fezka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezki	fezka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezki	fezka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezko	fezka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fezkom	fezka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fi	fi	interj		
fiacikach	fiacik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacika	fiacik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacika	fiacik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacikami	fiacik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacik	fiacik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacikiem	fiacik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaciki	fiacik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaciki	fiacik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaciki	fiacik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacikom	fiacik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacikowi	fiacik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacików	fiacik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaciku	fiacik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaciku	fiacik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakier	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrach	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakra	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakra	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrami	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrem	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrom	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrowi	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrów	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrów	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrzy	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrzy	fiakier:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiakier	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakier	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakier	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrach	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrach	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakra	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakra	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakra	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrami	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrami	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrem	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrem	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrom	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrom	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrowi	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrowi	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrów	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrów	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakry	fiakier:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrze	fiakier:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierscy	fiakierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiakierska	fiakierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiakierską	fiakierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiakierską	fiakierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiakierskich	fiakierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiakierskich	fiakierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiakierskich	fiakierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiakierskie	fiakierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiakierskie	fiakierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiakierskie	fiakierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiakierskie	fiakierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiakierskiego	fiakierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiakierskiego	fiakierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiakierskiej	fiakierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiakierskiej	fiakierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiakierskiej	fiakierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiakierskiemu	fiakierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiakierski	fiakierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiakierski	fiakierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiakierskim	fiakierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiakierskim	fiakierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiakierskim	fiakierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiakierskimi	fiakierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiakiersko	fiakierski	adja		
fiakiersku	fiakierski	adjp		
fiakiersko	fiakiersko	adv:pos		
fiakierskościach	fiakierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskościami	fiakierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskością	fiakierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskości	fiakierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskościom	fiakierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskość	fiakierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierskość	fiakierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwach	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwa	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwa	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwa	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwa	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwami	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwem	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstw	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwie	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwo	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwo	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwo	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwom	fiakierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakierstwu	fiakierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiakrować	fiakrować	inf:imperf		przest.
fiakrowaliby	fiakrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowalibyście	fiakrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowalibyśmy	fiakrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowali	fiakrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fiakrowali	fiakrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowaliście	fiakrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowaliśmy	fiakrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałaby	fiakrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałabym	fiakrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałabyś	fiakrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowała	fiakrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fiakrowała	fiakrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałam	fiakrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałaś	fiakrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałby	fiakrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałbym	fiakrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałbyś	fiakrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałem	fiakrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałeś	fiakrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrował	fiakrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fiakrował	fiakrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałoby	fiakrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałobym	fiakrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałobyś	fiakrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowało	fiakrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fiakrowało	fiakrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałom	fiakrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałoś	fiakrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałyby	fiakrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałybyście	fiakrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałybyśmy	fiakrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowały	fiakrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fiakrowały	fiakrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałyście	fiakrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrowałyśmy	fiakrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrowaniach	fiakrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowania	fiakrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowania	fiakrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowaniami	fiakrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowanie	fiakrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowaniem	fiakrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowaniom	fiakrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowaniu	fiakrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrowano	fiakrować	imps:imperf		przest.
fiakrowań	fiakrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrująca	fiakrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiakrującą	fiakrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiakrujące	fiakrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiakrujące	fiakrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrującego	fiakrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiakrującego	fiakrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrującej	fiakrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiakrującemu	fiakrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrując	fiakrować	pcon:imperf		przest.
fiakrująco	fiakrować	pacta		
fiakrujących	fiakrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiakrujących	fiakrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiakrujący	fiakrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiakrujący	fiakrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiakrujący	fiakrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiakrującym	fiakrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiakrującym	fiakrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiakrującymi	fiakrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiakrują	fiakrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrujcie	fiakrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrujecie	fiakrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakruje	fiakrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fiakrujemy	fiakrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakrujesz	fiakrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakruję	fiakrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fiakruj	fiakrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fiakrujmy	fiakrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fialach	fiala	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiala	fiala	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fialami	fiala	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fialą	fiala	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiale	fiala	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiale	fiala	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiale	fiala	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fialę	fiala	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fial	fiala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fiali	fiala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fiali	fiala	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiali	fiala	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiali	fiala	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fialo	fiala	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fialom	fiala	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiałek	fiałek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałek	fiałek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałkach	fiałek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałka	fiałek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałkami	fiałek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałkiem	fiałek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałki	fiałek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałki	fiałek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałki	fiałek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałkom	fiałek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałkowi	fiałek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałków	fiałek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałku	fiałek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiałku	fiałek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiaskach	fiasko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaska	fiasko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaska	fiasko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaska	fiasko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaska	fiasko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaskami	fiasko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiask	fiasko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaskiem	fiasko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiasko	fiasko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiasko	fiasko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiasko	fiasko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaskom	fiasko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiasku	fiasko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiasku	fiasko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacie	fiat	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiacie	fiat	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatach	fiat	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiata	fiat	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiata	fiat	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatami	fiat	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatem	fiat	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiat	fiat	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatom	fiat	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowi	fiat	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatów	fiat	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaty	fiat	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaty	fiat	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiaty	fiat	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowscy	fiatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiatowska	fiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiatowską	fiatowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiatowską	fiatowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiatowskich	fiatowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiatowskich	fiatowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowskich	fiatowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowskie	fiatowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowskie	fiatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowskie	fiatowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiatowskie	fiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiatowskiego	fiatowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiatowskiego	fiatowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiatowskiej	fiatowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiatowskiej	fiatowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiatowskiej	fiatowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiatowskiemu	fiatowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiatowski	fiatowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiatowski	fiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiatowskim	fiatowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowskim	fiatowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiatowskim	fiatowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiatowskimi	fiatowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiatowsko	fiatowski	adja		
fiatowsku	fiatowski	adjp		
fiatowsko	fiatowsko	adv:pos		
fiatowskościach	fiatowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskościami	fiatowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskością	fiatowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskości	fiatowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskościom	fiatowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskość	fiatowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiatowskość	fiatowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberce	fiberka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberce	fiberka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberek	fiberka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberkach	fiberka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberka	fiberka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberkami	fiberka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberką	fiberka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberkę	fiberka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberki	fiberka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberki	fiberka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberki	fiberka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberki	fiberka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberko	fiberka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberkom	fiberka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopach	fiberoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopami	fiberoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopem	fiberoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskop	fiberoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskop	fiberoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopie	fiberoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopie	fiberoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopom	fiberoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopowi	fiberoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopów	fiberoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopu	fiberoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopy	fiberoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopy	fiberoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopy	fiberoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopiach	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopia	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopiami	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopią	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopie	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopie	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopie	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopię	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopii	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fiberoskopii	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopii	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopii	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopij	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fiberoskopio	fiberoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiberoskopiom	fiberoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiber	fibra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrach	fibra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibra	fibra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrami	fibra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrą	fibra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrę	fibra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibr	fibra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibro	fibra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrom	fibra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibry	fibra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibry	fibra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibry	fibra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibry	fibra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrze	fibra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrze	fibra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastach	fibroblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastami	fibroblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastem	fibroblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblast	fibroblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblast	fibroblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastom	fibroblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastowi	fibroblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastów	fibroblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblastu	fibroblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblasty	fibroblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblasty	fibroblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblasty	fibroblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblaście	fibroblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroblaście	fibroblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocycie	fibrocyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocycie	fibrocyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytach	fibrocyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytami	fibrocyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytem	fibrocyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocyt	fibrocyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocyt	fibrocyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytom	fibrocyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytowi	fibrocyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytów	fibrocyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocytu	fibrocyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocyty	fibrocyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocyty	fibrocyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrocyty	fibrocyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinach	fibroina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroina	fibroina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinami	fibroina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroiną	fibroina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinę	fibroina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroin	fibroina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinie	fibroina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinie	fibroina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroino	fibroina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinom	fibroina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroiny	fibroina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroiny	fibroina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroiny	fibroina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroiny	fibroina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowościach	fibroinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowościami	fibroinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowością	fibroinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowości	fibroinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowościom	fibroinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowość	fibroinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowość	fibroinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibroinowa	fibroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fibroinową	fibroinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fibroinową	fibroinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fibroinowe	fibroinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibroinowe	fibroinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibroinowe	fibroinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowe	fibroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowego	fibroinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fibroinowego	fibroinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowej	fibroinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fibroinowej	fibroinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fibroinowej	fibroinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fibroinowemu	fibroinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowi	fibroinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fibroinowo	fibroinowy	adja		
fibroinowych	fibroinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fibroinowych	fibroinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibroinowych	fibroinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibroinowy	fibroinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fibroinowy	fibroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fibroinowym	fibroinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibroinowym	fibroinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowym	fibroinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibroinowymi	fibroinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowościach	fibrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowościami	fibrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowością	fibrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowości	fibrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowościom	fibrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowość	fibrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowość	fibrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrowa	fibrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fibrową	fibrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fibrową	fibrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fibrowe	fibrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowe	fibrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowe	fibrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrowe	fibrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrowego	fibrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fibrowego	fibrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrowej	fibrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fibrowej	fibrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fibrowej	fibrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fibrowemu	fibrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrowi	fibrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrowo	fibrowy	adja		
fibrowych	fibrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrowych	fibrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowych	fibrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowy	fibrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fibrowy	fibrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fibrowym	fibrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrowym	fibrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrowym	fibrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrowymi	fibrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrylach	fibryl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylach	fibryl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryla	fibryl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylami	fibryl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylami	fibryl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibryle	fibryl	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylem	fibryl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylem	fibryl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryl	fibryl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibryl	fibryl	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryl	fibryl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibryl	fibryl	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibryli	fibryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylom	fibryl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylom	fibryl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylowi	fibryl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylowi	fibryl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylów	fibryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylów	fibryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrylu	fibryl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fibrylach	fibryla	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryla	fibryla	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrylami	fibryla	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrylą	fibryla	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryle	fibryla	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryle	fibryla	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryle	fibryla	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrylę	fibryla	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryl	fibryla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.|char.
fibryli	fibryla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.|hom.
fibryli	fibryla	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryli	fibryla	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibryli	fibryla	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrylo	fibryla	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrylom	fibryla	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fibrynach	fibryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryna	fibryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynami	fibryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryną	fibryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynę	fibryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryn	fibryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynie	fibryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynie	fibryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryno	fibryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynom	fibryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryny	fibryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryny	fibryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryny	fibryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibryny	fibryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenach	fibrynogen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenami	fibrynogen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenem	fibrynogen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogen	fibrynogen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogen	fibrynogen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenie	fibrynogen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenie	fibrynogen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenom	fibrynogen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenowi	fibrynogen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenów	fibrynogen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogenu	fibrynogen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogeny	fibrynogen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogeny	fibrynogen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynogeny	fibrynogen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolitycznościach	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolitycznościami	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolitycznością	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczności	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolitycznościom	fibrynolityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczność	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczność	fibrynolityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolityczna	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fibrynolityczną	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fibrynolityczną	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fibrynolityczne	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolityczne	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolityczne	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolityczne	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolitycznego	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fibrynolitycznego	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolitycznej	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fibrynolitycznej	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fibrynolitycznej	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fibrynolitycznemu	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolityczni	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrynolityczno	fibrynolityczny	adja		
fibrynolitycznych	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrynolitycznych	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolitycznych	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolityczny	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fibrynolityczny	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fibrynolitycznym	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolitycznym	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolitycznym	fibrynolityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynolitycznymi	fibrynolityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynolizach	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynoliza	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizami	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizą	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizę	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynoliz	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizie	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizie	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizo	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizom	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizy	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizy	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizy	fibrynoliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizy	fibrynoliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynach	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyna	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynami	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyną	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynę	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyn	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynie	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynie	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyno	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizynom	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyny	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyny	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyny	fibrynolizyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynolizyny	fibrynolizyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowościach	fibrynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowościami	fibrynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowością	fibrynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowości	fibrynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowościom	fibrynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowość	fibrynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowość	fibrynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibrynowa	fibrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fibrynową	fibrynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fibrynową	fibrynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fibrynowe	fibrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynowe	fibrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynowe	fibrynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowe	fibrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowego	fibrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fibrynowego	fibrynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowej	fibrynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fibrynowej	fibrynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fibrynowej	fibrynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fibrynowemu	fibrynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowi	fibrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrynowo	fibrynowy	adja		
fibrynowych	fibrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fibrynowych	fibrynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynowych	fibrynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynowy	fibrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fibrynowy	fibrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fibrynowym	fibrynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibrynowym	fibrynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowym	fibrynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fibrynowymi	fibrynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fibulach	fibula	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibula	fibula	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibulami	fibula	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibulą	fibula	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibule	fibula	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibule	fibula	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibule	fibula	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibulę	fibula	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibul	fibula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fibuli	fibula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fibuli	fibula	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibuli	fibula	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibuli	fibula	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibulo	fibula	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibulom	fibula	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fibule	fibuła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibule	fibuła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibułach	fibuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuła	fibuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibułami	fibuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibułą	fibuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibułę	fibuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuł	fibuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuło	fibuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibułom	fibuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuły	fibuła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuły	fibuła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuły	fibuła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fibuły	fibuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fideikomisach	fideikomis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisami	fideikomis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisem	fideikomis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomis	fideikomis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomis	fideikomis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisie	fideikomis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisie	fideikomis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisom	fideikomis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowi	fideikomis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisów	fideikomis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisu	fideikomis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisy	fideikomis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisy	fideikomis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisy	fideikomis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszach	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusza	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusza	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszami	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusze	fideikomisariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusze	fideikomisariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusze	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusze	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszem	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariusz	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszom	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszowi	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszów	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszów	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszu	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszu	fideikomisariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszy	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisariuszy	fideikomisariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowościach	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowościami	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowością	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowości	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowościom	fideikomisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowość	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowość	fideikomisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideikomisowa	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fideikomisową	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fideikomisową	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fideikomisowe	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fideikomisowe	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fideikomisowe	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowe	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowego	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fideikomisowego	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowej	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fideikomisowej	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fideikomisowej	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fideikomisowemu	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowi	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fideikomisowo	fideikomisowy	adja		
fideikomisowych	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fideikomisowych	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideikomisowych	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideikomisowy	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fideikomisowy	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fideikomisowym	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideikomisowym	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowym	fideikomisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideikomisowymi	fideikomisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideistach	fideista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideista	fideista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistami	fideista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistą	fideista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistę	fideista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideisto	fideista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistom	fideista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistów	fideista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistów	fideista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideisty	fideista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fideisty	fideista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fideisty	fideista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideiście	fideista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideiście	fideista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideiści	fideista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideiści	fideista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fideistycznościach	fideistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistycznościami	fideistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistycznością	fideistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczności	fideistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistycznościom	fideistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczność	fideistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczność	fideistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fideistyczna	fideistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fideistyczną	fideistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fideistyczną	fideistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fideistyczne	fideistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fideistyczne	fideistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fideistyczne	fideistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fideistyczne	fideistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fideistycznego	fideistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fideistycznego	fideistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideistycznej	fideistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fideistycznej	fideistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fideistycznej	fideistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fideistycznemu	fideistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideistyczni	fideistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fideistyczno	fideistyczny	adja		
fideistycznych	fideistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fideistycznych	fideistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideistycznych	fideistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideistyczny	fideistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fideistyczny	fideistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fideistycznym	fideistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideistycznym	fideistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideistycznym	fideistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fideistycznymi	fideistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fideizmach	fideizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmami	fideizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmem	fideizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizm	fideizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizm	fideizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmie	fideizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmie	fideizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmom	fideizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmowi	fideizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmów	fideizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmu	fideizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmy	fideizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmy	fideizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fideizmy	fideizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fidelisach	fidelis	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisa	fidelis	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisa	fidelis	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisami	fidelis	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisem	fidelis	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelis	fidelis	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisie	fidelis	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisie	fidelis	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisi	fidelis	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisi	fidelis	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisom	fidelis	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisowi	fidelis	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisów	fidelis	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisów	fidelis	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisy	fidelis	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidelisy	fidelis	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fidiaszowościach	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowościami	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowością	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowości	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowościom	fidiaszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowość	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowość	fidiaszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowscy	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fidiaszowska	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fidiaszowską	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fidiaszowską	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fidiaszowskich	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fidiaszowskich	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowskich	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowskie	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowskie	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowskie	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowskie	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowskiego	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fidiaszowskiego	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowskiej	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fidiaszowskiej	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fidiaszowskiej	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fidiaszowskiemu	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowski	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fidiaszowski	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fidiaszowskim	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowskim	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowskim	fidiaszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowskimi	fidiaszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowsko	fidiaszowski	adja		
fidiaszowsku	fidiaszowski	adjp		
fidiaszowsko	fidiaszowsko	adv:pos		
fidiaszowskościach	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskościami	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskością	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskości	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskościom	fidiaszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskość	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowskość	fidiaszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidiaszowa	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fidiaszową	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fidiaszową	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fidiaszowe	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowe	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowe	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowe	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowego	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fidiaszowego	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowej	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fidiaszowej	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fidiaszowej	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fidiaszowemu	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowi	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fidiaszowo	fidiaszowy	adja		
fidiaszowych	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fidiaszowych	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowych	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowy	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fidiaszowy	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fidiaszowym	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidiaszowym	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowym	fidiaszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidiaszowymi	fidiaszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidrygałek	fidrygałki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałkach	fidrygałki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałkami	fidrygałki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałki	fidrygałki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałki	fidrygałki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałki	fidrygałki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygałkom	fidrygałki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fidrygansach	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansa	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansa	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansami	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansem	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygans	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansie	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansie	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansom	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansowie	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansowie	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansowi	fidrygans:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansów	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansów	fidrygans:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansy	fidrygans:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansy	fidrygans:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansach	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansami	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansem	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygans	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygans	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansie	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansie	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansom	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansowi	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansów	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansu	fidrygans:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansy	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansy	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidrygansy	fidrygans:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiducjarnościach	fiducjarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarnościami	fiducjarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarnością	fiducjarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarności	fiducjarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarnościom	fiducjarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarność	fiducjarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarność	fiducjarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiducjarna	fiducjarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiducjarną	fiducjarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiducjarną	fiducjarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiducjarne	fiducjarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiducjarne	fiducjarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiducjarne	fiducjarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarne	fiducjarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarnego	fiducjarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiducjarnego	fiducjarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarnej	fiducjarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiducjarnej	fiducjarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiducjarnej	fiducjarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiducjarnemu	fiducjarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarni	fiducjarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiducjarno	fiducjarny	adja		
fiducjarnych	fiducjarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiducjarnych	fiducjarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiducjarnych	fiducjarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiducjarny	fiducjarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiducjarny	fiducjarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiducjarnym	fiducjarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiducjarnym	fiducjarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarnym	fiducjarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiducjarnymi	fiducjarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidybusach	fidybus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusa	fidybus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusami	fidybus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusem	fidybus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybus	fidybus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybus	fidybus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusie	fidybus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusie	fidybus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusom	fidybus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusowi	fidybus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusów	fidybus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusy	fidybus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusy	fidybus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidybusy	fidybus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fidżyjscy	fidżyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fidżyjska	fidżyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fidżyjską	fidżyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fidżyjską	fidżyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fidżyjskich	fidżyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fidżyjskich	fidżyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjskich	fidżyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjskie	fidżyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjskie	fidżyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjskie	fidżyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjskie	fidżyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjskiego	fidżyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fidżyjskiego	fidżyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjskiej	fidżyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fidżyjskiej	fidżyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fidżyjskiej	fidżyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fidżyjskiemu	fidżyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjski	fidżyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fidżyjski	fidżyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fidżyjskim	fidżyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjskim	fidżyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjskim	fidżyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fidżyjskimi	fidżyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fidżyjsko	fidżyjski	adja		
fidżyjsku	fidżyjski	adjp		
fidżyjsko	fidżyjsko	adv:pos		
fidżyjskościach	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskościami	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskością	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskości	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskościom	fidżyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskość	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidżyjskość	fidżyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fieldach	field	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldami	field	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldem	field	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
field	field	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
field	field	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldom	field	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldowi	field	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldów	field	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldu	field	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldy	field	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldy	field	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldy	field	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldzie	field	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fieldzie	field	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fierce	fierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierce	fierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierek	fierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierkach	fierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierka	fierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierkami	fierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierką	fierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierkę	fierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierki	fierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierki	fierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierki	fierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierki	fierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierko	fierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fierkom	fierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiestach	fiesta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesta	fiesta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiestami	fiesta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiestą	fiesta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiestę	fiesta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiest	fiesta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesto	fiesta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiestom	fiesta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesty	fiesta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesty	fiesta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesty	fiesta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiesty	fiesta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fieście	fiesta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fieście	fiesta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifce	fifka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifce	fifka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifek	fifka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifkach	fifka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifka	fifka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifkami	fifka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifką	fifka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifkę	fifka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifki	fifka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifki	fifka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifki	fifka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifki	fifka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifko	fifka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifkom	fifka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fifty-fifty	fifty-fifty	adv		
fidze	figa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fidze	figa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figach	figa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figa	figa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figami	figa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figą	figa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figę	figa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fig	figa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figo	figa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figom	figa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarniach	figarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnia	figarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarniami	figarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnią	figarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnie	figarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnie	figarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnie	figarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnię	figarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarni	figarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
figarni	figarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarni	figarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarni	figarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarnio	figarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarniom	figarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figarń	figarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
figarach	figaro:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figara	figaro:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figara	figaro:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figara	figaro:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figara	figaro:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarami	figaro:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarem	figaro:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figaro	figaro:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figaro	figaro:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarom	figaro:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarowie	figaro:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarowie	figaro:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarowi	figaro:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarów	figaro:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarów	figaro:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarze	figaro:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
figarach	figaro:s2	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figara	figaro:s2	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figara	figaro:s2	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figara	figaro:s2	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figara	figaro:s2	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figarami	figaro:s2	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figarem	figaro:s2	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figar	figaro:s2	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figaro	figaro:s2	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figaro	figaro:s2	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figaro	figaro:s2	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figarom	figaro:s2	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figaru	figaro:s2	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figarze	figaro:s2	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
figatel	figatel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatel	figatel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlach	figatel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatla	figatel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlami	figatel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatle	figatel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatle	figatel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatle	figatel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlem	figatel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatli	figatel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlom	figatel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlowi	figatel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlu	figatel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figatlu	figatel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figach	figi	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figami	figi	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fig	figi	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figi	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figi	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figi	figi	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figom	figi	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
figiarniach	figiarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnia	figiarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarniami	figiarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnią	figiarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnie	figiarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnie	figiarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnie	figiarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnię	figiarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarni	figiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
figiarni	figiarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarni	figiarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarni	figiarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarnio	figiarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarniom	figiarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figiarń	figiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
figiel	figiel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figiel	figiel	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figiel	figiel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlach	figiel	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlach	figiel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figla	figiel	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figla	figiel	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figla	figiel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlami	figiel	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlami	figiel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figle	figiel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlem	figiel	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlem	figiel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figli	figiel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figli	figiel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlom	figiel	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlom	figiel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlowi	figiel	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlowi	figiel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlów	figiel	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlów	figiel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlu	figiel	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlu	figiel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlu	figiel	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlu	figiel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielek	figielek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielek	figielek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielek	figielek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielkach	figielek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielkach	figielek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielka	figielek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielka	figielek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielka	figielek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielkami	figielek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielkami	figielek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielkiem	figielek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielkiem	figielek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielki	figielek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielkom	figielek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielkom	figielek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielkowi	figielek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielkowi	figielek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielków	figielek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielków	figielek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielku	figielek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielku	figielek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figielku	figielek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figielku	figielek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlarce	figlarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarce	figlarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarek	figlarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarkach	figlarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarka	figlarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarkami	figlarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarką	figlarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarkę	figlarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarki	figlarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarki	figlarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarki	figlarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarki	figlarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarko	figlarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarkom	figlarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarnie	figlarnie	adv:pos		
figlarniej	figlarnie	adv:com		
figlarnościach	figlarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarnościami	figlarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarnością	figlarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarności	figlarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarnościom	figlarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarność	figlarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarność	figlarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarna	figlarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figlarną	figlarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figlarną	figlarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figlarne	figlarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figlarne	figlarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figlarne	figlarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figlarne	figlarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figlarnego	figlarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figlarnego	figlarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarnej	figlarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figlarnej	figlarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figlarnej	figlarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figlarnemu	figlarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarni	figlarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figlarno	figlarny	adja		
figlarnych	figlarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figlarnych	figlarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarnych	figlarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarny	figlarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figlarny	figlarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figlarnym	figlarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarnym	figlarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarnym	figlarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarnymi	figlarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarscy	figlarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figlarska	figlarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figlarską	figlarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figlarską	figlarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figlarskich	figlarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figlarskich	figlarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarskich	figlarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarskie	figlarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figlarskie	figlarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figlarskie	figlarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figlarskie	figlarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figlarskiego	figlarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figlarskiego	figlarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarskiej	figlarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figlarskiej	figlarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figlarskiej	figlarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figlarskiemu	figlarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarski	figlarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figlarski	figlarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figlarskim	figlarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarskim	figlarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarskim	figlarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figlarskimi	figlarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figlarsko	figlarski	adja		
figlarsku	figlarski	adjp		
figlarsko	figlarsko	adv:pos		
figlarskościach	figlarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskościami	figlarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskością	figlarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskości	figlarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskościom	figlarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskość	figlarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarskość	figlarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwach	figlarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwa	figlarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwa	figlarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwa	figlarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwa	figlarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwami	figlarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwem	figlarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstw	figlarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwie	figlarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwo	figlarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwo	figlarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwo	figlarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwom	figlarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarstwu	figlarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzach	figlarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzach	figlarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarza	figlarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarza	figlarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarza	figlarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarza	figlarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzami	figlarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzami	figlarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarze	figlarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzem	figlarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzem	figlarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarz	figlarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarz	figlarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzom	figlarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzom	figlarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzowi	figlarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzowi	figlarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzów	figlarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzów	figlarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzu	figlarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzu	figlarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzu	figlarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzu	figlarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzy	figlarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzy	figlarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
figlarzynach	figlarzyna	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyna	figlarzyna	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynami	figlarzyna	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyną	figlarzyna	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynę	figlarzyna	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynie	figlarzyna	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynie	figlarzyna	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyni	figlarzyna	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyni	figlarzyna	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyno	figlarzyna	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynom	figlarzyna	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynów	figlarzyna	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzynów	figlarzyna	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyny	figlarzyna	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyny	figlarzyna	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figlarzyny	figlarzyna	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figlasach	figlas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasa	figlas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasami	figlas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasem	figlas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlas	figlas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlas	figlas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasie	figlas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasie	figlas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasom	figlas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasowi	figlas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasów	figlas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasy	figlas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasy	figlas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasy	figlas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasek	figlasek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasek	figlasek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaskach	figlasek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaska	figlasek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaskami	figlasek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaskiem	figlasek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaski	figlasek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaski	figlasek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaski	figlasek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaskom	figlasek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlaskowi	figlasek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasków	figlasek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasku	figlasek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlasku	figlasek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlikach	figlik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlika	figlik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlikami	figlik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlik	figlik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlik	figlik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlikiem	figlik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figliki	figlik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figliki	figlik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figliki	figlik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlikom	figlik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlikowi	figlik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlików	figlik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figliku	figlik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figliku	figlik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figlować	figlować	inf:imperf		
figlowaliby	figlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
figlowalibyście	figlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
figlowalibyśmy	figlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
figlowali	figlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
figlowali	figlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
figlowaliście	figlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
figlowaliśmy	figlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
figlowałaby	figlować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
figlowałabym	figlować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
figlowałabyś	figlować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
figlowała	figlować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
figlowała	figlować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
figlowałam	figlować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
figlowałaś	figlować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
figlowałby	figlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
figlowałbym	figlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
figlowałbyś	figlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
figlowałem	figlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
figlowałeś	figlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
figlował	figlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
figlował	figlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
figlowałoby	figlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
figlowałobym	figlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
figlowałobyś	figlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
figlowało	figlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
figlowało	figlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
figlowałom	figlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
figlowałoś	figlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
figlowałyby	figlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
figlowałybyście	figlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
figlowałybyśmy	figlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
figlowały	figlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
figlowały	figlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
figlowałyście	figlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
figlowałyśmy	figlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
figlowaniach	figlować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowania	figlować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowania	figlować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowaniami	figlować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowanie	figlować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowaniem	figlować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowaniom	figlować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowaniu	figlować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
figlowano	figlować	imps:imperf		
figlowań	figlować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
figlująca	figlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
figlującą	figlować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
figlujące	figlować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figlujące	figlować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figlującego	figlować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
figlującego	figlować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figlującej	figlować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
figlującemu	figlować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figlując	figlować	pcon:imperf		
figlująco	figlować	pacta		
figlujących	figlować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
figlujących	figlować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figlujący	figlować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
figlujący	figlować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
figlujący	figlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
figlującym	figlować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figlującym	figlować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figlującymi	figlować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figlują	figlować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
figlujcie	figlować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
figlujecie	figlować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
figluje	figlować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
figlujemy	figlować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
figlujesz	figlować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
figluję	figlować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
figluj	figlować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
figlujmy	figlować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
figolistnościach	figolistność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistnościami	figolistność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistnością	figolistność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistności	figolistność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistnościom	figolistność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistność	figolistność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistność	figolistność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figolistna	figolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figolistną	figolistny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figolistną	figolistny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figolistne	figolistny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figolistne	figolistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figolistne	figolistny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figolistne	figolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figolistnego	figolistny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figolistnego	figolistny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figolistnej	figolistny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figolistnej	figolistny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figolistnej	figolistny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figolistnemu	figolistny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figolistni	figolistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figolistno	figolistny	adja		
figolistnych	figolistny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figolistnych	figolistny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figolistnych	figolistny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figolistny	figolistny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figolistny	figolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figolistnym	figolistny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figolistnym	figolistny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figolistnym	figolistny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figolistnymi	figolistny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figowcach	figowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcach	figowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowca	figowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowca	figowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowca	figowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcami	figowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcami	figowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowce	figowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcem	figowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcem	figowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcom	figowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcom	figowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcowi	figowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcowi	figowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowców	figowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowców	figowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcu	figowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcu	figowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowcu	figowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowcu	figowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowiec	figowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowiec	figowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
figowiec	figowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
figowościach	figowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowościami	figowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowością	figowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowości	figowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowościom	figowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowość	figowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowość	figowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figowa	figowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figową	figowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figową	figowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figowe	figowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figowe	figowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figowe	figowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figowe	figowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figowego	figowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figowego	figowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figowej	figowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figowej	figowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figowej	figowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figowemu	figowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figowi	figowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figowo	figowy	adja		
figowych	figowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figowych	figowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figowych	figowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figowy	figowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figowy	figowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figowym	figowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figowym	figowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figowym	figowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figowymi	figowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figówce	figówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówce	figówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówek	figówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówkach	figówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówka	figówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówkami	figówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówką	figówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówkę	figówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówki	figówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówki	figówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówki	figówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówki	figówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówko	figówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figówkom	figówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurach	figura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figura	figura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurami	figura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurą	figura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurę	figura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figur	figura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuro	figura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurom	figura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figury	figura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figury	figura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figury	figura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figury	figura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurze	figura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurze	figura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracjach	figuracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracja	figuracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracjami	figuracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracją	figuracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracje	figuracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracje	figuracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracje	figuracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurację	figuracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracji	figuracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
figuracji	figuracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracji	figuracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracji	figuracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracjo	figuracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracjom	figuracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyj	figuracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
figuracyjnościach	figuracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjnościami	figuracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjnością	figuracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjności	figuracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjnościom	figuracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjność	figuracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjność	figuracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuracyjna	figuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figuracyjną	figuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figuracyjną	figuracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figuracyjne	figuracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuracyjne	figuracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuracyjne	figuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjne	figuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjnego	figuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figuracyjnego	figuracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjnej	figuracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figuracyjnej	figuracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figuracyjnej	figuracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figuracyjnemu	figuracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjni	figuracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figuracyjno	figuracyjny	adja		
figuracyjnych	figuracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figuracyjnych	figuracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuracyjnych	figuracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuracyjny	figuracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figuracyjny	figuracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figuracyjnym	figuracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuracyjnym	figuracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjnym	figuracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuracyjnymi	figuracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuralnie	figuralnie	adv:pos		
figuralnościach	figuralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralnościami	figuralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralnością	figuralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralności	figuralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralnościom	figuralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralność	figuralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralność	figuralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuralna	figuralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figuralną	figuralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figuralną	figuralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figuralne	figuralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuralne	figuralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuralne	figuralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figuralne	figuralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figuralnego	figuralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figuralnego	figuralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuralnej	figuralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figuralnej	figuralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figuralnej	figuralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figuralnemu	figuralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuralni	figuralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figuralno	figuralny	adja		
figuralnych	figuralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figuralnych	figuralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuralnych	figuralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuralny	figuralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figuralny	figuralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figuralnym	figuralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuralnym	figuralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuralnym	figuralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuralnymi	figuralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurancie	figurant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurancie	figurant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figuranci	figurant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figuranci	figurant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantach	figurant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figuranta	figurant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figuranta	figurant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantami	figurant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantem	figurant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurant	figurant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantom	figurant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantowi	figurant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantów	figurant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurantów	figurant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figuranty	figurant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figuranty	figurant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figurantce	figurantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantce	figurantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantek	figurantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantkach	figurantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantka	figurantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantkami	figurantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantką	figurantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantkę	figurantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantki	figurantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantki	figurantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantki	figurantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantki	figurantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantko	figurantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurantkom	figurantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywnie	figuratywnie	adv:pos		
figuratywnościach	figuratywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywnościami	figuratywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywnością	figuratywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywności	figuratywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywnościom	figuratywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywność	figuratywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywność	figuratywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figuratywna	figuratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figuratywną	figuratywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figuratywną	figuratywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figuratywne	figuratywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuratywne	figuratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figuratywne	figuratywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figuratywne	figuratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figuratywnego	figuratywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figuratywnego	figuratywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuratywnej	figuratywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figuratywnej	figuratywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figuratywnej	figuratywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figuratywnemu	figuratywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuratywni	figuratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figuratywno	figuratywny	adja		
figuratywnych	figuratywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figuratywnych	figuratywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuratywnych	figuratywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuratywny	figuratywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figuratywny	figuratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figuratywnym	figuratywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figuratywnym	figuratywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuratywnym	figuratywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figuratywnymi	figuratywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurce	figurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurce	figurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurek	figurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurkach	figurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurka	figurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurkami	figurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurką	figurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurkę	figurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurki	figurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurki	figurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurki	figurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurki	figurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurko	figurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurkom	figurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurować	figurować	inf:imperf		
figurowaliby	figurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
figurowalibyście	figurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
figurowalibyśmy	figurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
figurowali	figurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
figurowali	figurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
figurowaliście	figurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
figurowaliśmy	figurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
figurowałaby	figurować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
figurowałabym	figurować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
figurowałabyś	figurować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
figurowała	figurować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
figurowała	figurować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
figurowałam	figurować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
figurowałaś	figurować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
figurowałby	figurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
figurowałbym	figurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
figurowałbyś	figurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
figurowałem	figurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
figurowałeś	figurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
figurował	figurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
figurował	figurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
figurowałoby	figurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
figurowałobym	figurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
figurowałobyś	figurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
figurowało	figurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
figurowało	figurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
figurowałom	figurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
figurowałoś	figurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
figurowałyby	figurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
figurowałybyście	figurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
figurowałybyśmy	figurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
figurowały	figurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
figurowały	figurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
figurowałyście	figurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
figurowałyśmy	figurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
figurowaniach	figurować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowania	figurować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowania	figurować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowaniami	figurować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowanie	figurować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowaniem	figurować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowaniom	figurować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowaniu	figurować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
figurowano	figurować	imps:imperf		
figurowań	figurować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
figurująca	figurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
figurującą	figurować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
figurujące	figurować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figurujące	figurować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figurującego	figurować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
figurującego	figurować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figurującej	figurować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
figurującemu	figurować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figurując	figurować	pcon:imperf		
figurująco	figurować	pacta		
figurujących	figurować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
figurujących	figurować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figurujący	figurować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
figurujący	figurować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
figurujący	figurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
figurującym	figurować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figurującym	figurować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
figurującymi	figurować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
figurują	figurować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
figurujcie	figurować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
figurujecie	figurować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
figuruje	figurować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
figurujemy	figurować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
figurujesz	figurować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
figuruję	figurować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
figuruj	figurować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
figurujmy	figurować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
figurowcach	figurowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowca	figurowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowca	figurowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcami	figurowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowce	figurowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figurowce	figurowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcem	figurowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcom	figurowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcowi	figurowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowców	figurowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowców	figurowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcu	figurowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcu	figurowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcy	figurowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcy	figurowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowcze	figurowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowiec	figurowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
figurowo	figurowo	adv:pos		
figurowościach	figurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowościami	figurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowością	figurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowości	figurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowościom	figurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowość	figurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowość	figurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurowa	figurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figurową	figurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figurową	figurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figurowe	figurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figurowe	figurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figurowe	figurowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figurowe	figurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figurowego	figurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figurowego	figurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurowej	figurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figurowej	figurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figurowej	figurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figurowemu	figurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurowi	figurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figurowo	figurowy	adja		
figurowych	figurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figurowych	figurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurowych	figurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurowy	figurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figurowy	figurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figurowym	figurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurowym	figurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurowym	figurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurowymi	figurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurówce	figurówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówce	figurówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówek	figurówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówkach	figurówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówka	figurówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówkami	figurówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówką	figurówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówkę	figurówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówki	figurówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówki	figurówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówki	figurówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówki	figurówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówko	figurówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurówkom	figurówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurycznie	figurycznie	adv:pos		daw.
figurycznościach	figuryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figurycznościami	figuryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figurycznością	figuryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczności	figuryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figurycznościom	figuryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczność	figuryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczność	figuryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
figuryczna	figuryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
figuryczną	figuryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
figuryczną	figuryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
figuryczne	figuryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figuryczne	figuryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figuryczne	figuryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
figuryczne	figuryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
figurycznego	figuryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
figurycznego	figuryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
figurycznej	figuryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
figurycznej	figuryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
figurycznej	figuryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
figurycznemu	figuryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
figuryczni	figuryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
figuryczno	figuryczny	adja		daw.
figurycznych	figuryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
figurycznych	figuryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figurycznych	figuryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figuryczny	figuryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
figuryczny	figuryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
figurycznym	figuryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figurycznym	figuryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
figurycznym	figuryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
figurycznymi	figuryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
figurynce	figurynka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynce	figurynka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynek	figurynka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynkach	figurynka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynka	figurynka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynkami	figurynka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynką	figurynka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynkę	figurynka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynki	figurynka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynki	figurynka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynki	figurynka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynki	figurynka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynko	figurynka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurynkom	figurynka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystościach	figurzystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystościami	figurzystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystością	figurzystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystości	figurzystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystościom	figurzystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystość	figurzystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzystość	figurzystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
figurzysta	figurzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
figurzystą	figurzysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
figurzystą	figurzysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
figurzyste	figurzysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figurzyste	figurzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
figurzyste	figurzysty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
figurzyste	figurzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
figurzystego	figurzysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
figurzystego	figurzysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurzystej	figurzysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
figurzystej	figurzysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
figurzystej	figurzysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
figurzystemu	figurzysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurzysto	figurzysty	adja		
figurzystych	figurzysty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
figurzystych	figurzysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurzystych	figurzysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurzysty	figurzysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
figurzysty	figurzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
figurzystym	figurzysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurzystym	figurzysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurzystym	figurzysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
figurzystymi	figurzysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
figurzyści	figurzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
figusach	figus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusa	figus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusami	figus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusem	figus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figus	figus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figus	figus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusie	figus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusie	figus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusom	figus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusowi	figus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusów	figus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusy	figus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusy	figus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
figusy	figus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fijałek	fijałek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałek	fijałek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałkach	fijałek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałka	fijałek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałkami	fijałek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałkiem	fijałek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałki	fijałek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałki	fijałek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałki	fijałek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałkom	fijałek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałkowi	fijałek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałków	fijałek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałku	fijałek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fijałku	fijałek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fik	fik	interj		
fikacie	fikać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fikać	fikać	inf:imperf		
fika	fikać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fikająca	fikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fikającą	fikać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fikające	fikać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikające	fikać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikającego	fikać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fikającego	fikać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikającej	fikać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fikającemu	fikać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikając	fikać	pcon:imperf		
fikająco	fikać	pacta		
fikających	fikać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fikających	fikać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikający	fikać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fikający	fikać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fikający	fikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fikającym	fikać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikającym	fikać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikającymi	fikać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikają	fikać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fikajcie	fikać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fikaj	fikać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fikajmy	fikać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fikaliby	fikać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fikalibyście	fikać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fikalibyśmy	fikać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fikali	fikać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fikali	fikać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fikaliście	fikać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fikaliśmy	fikać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fikałaby	fikać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fikałabym	fikać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fikałabyś	fikać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fikała	fikać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fikała	fikać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fikałam	fikać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fikałaś	fikać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fikałby	fikać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fikałbym	fikać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fikałbyś	fikać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fikałem	fikać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fikałeś	fikać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fikał	fikać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fikał	fikać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fikałoby	fikać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fikałobym	fikać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fikałobyś	fikać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fikało	fikać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fikało	fikać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fikałom	fikać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fikałoś	fikać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fikałyby	fikać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fikałybyście	fikać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fikałybyśmy	fikać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fikały	fikać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fikały	fikać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fikałyście	fikać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fikałyśmy	fikać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fikam	fikać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fikamy	fikać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fikana	fikać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fikaną	fikać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fikane	fikać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikane	fikać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikanego	fikać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fikanego	fikać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikanej	fikać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fikanemu	fikać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikaniach	fikać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fikania	fikać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fikania	fikać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fikaniami	fikać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fikanie	fikać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fikaniem	fikać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fikani	fikać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fikaniom	fikać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fikaniu	fikać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fikano	fikać	imps:imperf		
fikanych	fikać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fikanych	fikać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikany	fikać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fikany	fikać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fikanym	fikać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikanym	fikać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fikanymi	fikać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fikań	fikać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fikasz	fikać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fikaniach	fikanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikania	fikanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikania	fikanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikania	fikanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikania	fikanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikaniami	fikanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikanie	fikanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikanie	fikanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikanie	fikanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikaniem	fikanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikaniom	fikanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikaniu	fikanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikaniu	fikanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikań	fikanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjach	fikcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcja	fikcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjami	fikcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcją	fikcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcje	fikcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcje	fikcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcje	fikcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcję	fikcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcji	fikcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fikcji	fikcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcji	fikcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcji	fikcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjo	fikcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjom	fikcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyj	fikcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fikcjonalizmach	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmami	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmem	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizm	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizm	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmie	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmie	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmom	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmowi	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmów	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmu	fikcjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmy	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmy	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalizmy	fikcjonalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalnie	fikcjonalnie	adv:pos		
fikcjonalnościach	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalnościami	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalnością	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalności	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalnościom	fikcjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalność	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalność	fikcjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcjonalna	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fikcjonalną	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fikcjonalną	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fikcjonalne	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikcjonalne	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikcjonalne	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalne	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalnego	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fikcjonalnego	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalnej	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fikcjonalnej	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fikcjonalnej	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fikcjonalnemu	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalni	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fikcjonalno	fikcjonalny	adja		
fikcjonalnych	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fikcjonalnych	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcjonalnych	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcjonalny	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fikcjonalny	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fikcjonalnym	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcjonalnym	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalnym	fikcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcjonalnymi	fikcjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjnie	fikcyjnie	adv:pos		
fikcyjnościach	fikcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjnościami	fikcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjnością	fikcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjności	fikcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjnościom	fikcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjność	fikcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjność	fikcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikcyjna	fikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fikcyjną	fikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fikcyjną	fikcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fikcyjne	fikcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjne	fikcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjne	fikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjne	fikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjnego	fikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fikcyjnego	fikcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjnej	fikcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fikcyjnej	fikcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fikcyjnej	fikcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fikcyjnemu	fikcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjni	fikcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fikcyjno	fikcyjny	adja		
fikcyjnych	fikcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fikcyjnych	fikcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjnych	fikcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjny	fikcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fikcyjny	fikcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fikcyjnym	fikcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikcyjnym	fikcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjnym	fikcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikcyjnymi	fikcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiknąć	fiknąć	inf:perf		
fikną	fiknąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
fiknąłby	fiknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fiknąłbym	fiknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fiknąłbyś	fiknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fiknąłem	fiknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fiknąłeś	fiknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fiknął	fiknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
fiknął	fiknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fiknąwszy	fiknąć	pant:perf		
fiknę	fiknąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
fiknęliby	fiknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fiknęlibyście	fiknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fiknęlibyśmy	fiknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fiknęli	fiknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
fiknęli	fiknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fiknęliście	fiknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fiknęliśmy	fiknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fiknęłaby	fiknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
fiknęłabym	fiknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
fiknęłabyś	fiknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
fiknęła	fiknąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
fiknęła	fiknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
fiknęłam	fiknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
fiknęłaś	fiknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
fiknęłoby	fiknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fiknęłobym	fiknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fiknęłobyś	fiknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fiknęło	fiknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
fiknęło	fiknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fiknęłom	fiknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fiknęłoś	fiknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fiknęłyby	fiknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fiknęłybyście	fiknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fiknęłybyśmy	fiknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fiknęły	fiknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
fiknęły	fiknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fiknęłyście	fiknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fiknęłyśmy	fiknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fikniecie	fiknąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
fiknie	fiknąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
fikniemy	fiknąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
fikniesz	fiknąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
fiknięciach	fiknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięcia	fiknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięcia	fiknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięciami	fiknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięcie	fiknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięciem	fiknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięci	fiknąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fiknięciom	fiknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięciu	fiknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięć	fiknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fiknięta	fiknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
fikniętą	fiknąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
fiknięte	fiknąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fiknięte	fiknąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
fikniętego	fiknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
fikniętego	fiknąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fikniętej	fiknąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
fikniętemu	fiknąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fiknięto	fiknąć	imps:perf		
fikniętych	fiknąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fikniętych	fiknąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fiknięty	fiknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
fiknięty	fiknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
fikniętym	fiknąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fikniętym	fiknąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fikniętymi	fiknąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fiknijcie	fiknąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
fiknij	fiknąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
fiknijmy	fiknąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
fiknięciach	fiknięcie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcia	fiknięcie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcia	fiknięcie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcia	fiknięcie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcia	fiknięcie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięciami	fiknięcie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcie	fiknięcie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcie	fiknięcie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięcie	fiknięcie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięciem	fiknięcie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięciom	fiknięcie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięciu	fiknięcie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięciu	fiknięcie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fiknięć	fiknięcie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanach	fikocyjan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanami	fikocyjan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanem	fikocyjan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjan	fikocyjan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjan	fikocyjan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanie	fikocyjan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanie	fikocyjan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanom	fikocyjan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanowi	fikocyjan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanów	fikocyjan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanu	fikocyjan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjany	fikocyjan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjany	fikocyjan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjany	fikocyjan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninach	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanina	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninami	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaniną	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninę	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanin	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninie	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninie	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjanino	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaninom	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaniny	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaniny	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaniny	fikocyjanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikocyjaniny	fikocyjanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynach	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryna	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynami	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryną	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynę	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryn	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynie	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynie	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryno	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytrynom	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryny	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryny	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryny	fikoerytryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikoerytryny	fikoerytryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinach	fikofeina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeina	fikofeina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinami	fikofeina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeiną	fikofeina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinę	fikofeina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofein	fikofeina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinie	fikofeina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinie	fikofeina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeino	fikofeina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeinom	fikofeina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeiny	fikofeina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeiny	fikofeina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeiny	fikofeina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikofeiny	fikofeina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajek	fikołajki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajkach	fikołajki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajkami	fikołajki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajki	fikołajki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajki	fikołajki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajki	fikołajki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołajkom	fikołajki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołek	fikołek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołek	fikołek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołek	fikołek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkach	fikołek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkach	fikołek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołka	fikołek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołka	fikołek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołka	fikołek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkami	fikołek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkami	fikołek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkiem	fikołek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkiem	fikołek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołki	fikołek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkom	fikołek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkom	fikołek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkowi	fikołek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołkowi	fikołek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołków	fikołek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołków	fikołek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołku	fikołek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołku	fikołek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fikołku	fikołek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fikołku	fikołek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksach	fiks	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksa	fiks	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksa	fiks	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksami	fiks	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksem	fiks	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiks	fiks	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksie	fiks	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksie	fiks	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksom	fiks	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksowie	fiks	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksowie	fiks	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksowi	fiks	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksów	fiks	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksów	fiks	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiksy	fiks	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiksy	fiks	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacjach	fiksacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacja	fiksacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacjami	fiksacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacją	fiksacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacje	fiksacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacje	fiksacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacje	fiksacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksację	fiksacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacji	fiksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fiksacji	fiksacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacji	fiksacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacji	fiksacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacjo	fiksacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacjom	fiksacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyj	fiksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fiksacyjnościach	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjnościami	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjnością	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjności	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjnościom	fiksacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjność	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjność	fiksacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksacyjna	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiksacyjną	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiksacyjną	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiksacyjne	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacyjne	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacyjne	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjne	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjnego	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiksacyjnego	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjnej	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiksacyjnej	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiksacyjnej	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiksacyjnemu	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjni	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiksacyjno	fiksacyjny	adja		
fiksacyjnych	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiksacyjnych	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacyjnych	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacyjny	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiksacyjny	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiksacyjnym	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacyjnym	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjnym	fiksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiksacyjnymi	fiksacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiksacie	fiksat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksacie	fiksat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaci	fiksat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaci	fiksat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatach	fiksat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksata	fiksat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksata	fiksat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatami	fiksat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatem	fiksat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksat	fiksat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatom	fiksat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatowi	fiksat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatów	fiksat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatów	fiksat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaty	fiksat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaty	fiksat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatce	fiksatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatce	fiksatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatek	fiksatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatkach	fiksatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatka	fiksatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatkami	fiksatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatką	fiksatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatkę	fiksatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatki	fiksatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatki	fiksatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatki	fiksatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatki	fiksatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatko	fiksatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatkom	fiksatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatuarach	fiksatuar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarami	fiksatuar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarem	fiksatuar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuar	fiksatuar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuar	fiksatuar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarom	fiksatuar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarowi	fiksatuar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarów	fiksatuar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuaru	fiksatuar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuary	fiksatuar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuary	fiksatuar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuary	fiksatuar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarze	fiksatuar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarze	fiksatuar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatuarować	fiksatuarować	inf:imperf		
fiksatuarowaliby	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowalibyście	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowalibyśmy	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowali	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiksatuarowali	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowaliście	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowaliśmy	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałaby	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałabym	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałabyś	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowała	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiksatuarowała	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałam	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałaś	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowałby	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałbym	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałbyś	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowałem	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałeś	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarował	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiksatuarował	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałoby	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałobym	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałobyś	fiksatuarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowało	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiksatuarowało	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałom	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowałoś	fiksatuarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowałyby	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałybyście	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowałybyśmy	fiksatuarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowały	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiksatuarowały	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarowałyście	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarowałyśmy	fiksatuarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarowana	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaną	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowane	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowane	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanego	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanego	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanej	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanemu	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaniach	fiksatuarować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowania	fiksatuarować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowania	fiksatuarować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaniami	fiksatuarować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanie	fiksatuarować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaniem	fiksatuarować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowani	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaniom	fiksatuarować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowaniu	fiksatuarować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowano	fiksatuarować	imps:imperf		
fiksatuarowanych	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanych	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowany	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowany	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanym	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanym	fiksatuarować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowanymi	fiksatuarować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarowań	fiksatuarować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarująca	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującą	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujące	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujące	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującego	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującego	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującej	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującemu	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarując	fiksatuarować	pcon:imperf		
fiksatuarująco	fiksatuarować	pacta		
fiksatuarujących	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujących	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujący	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujący	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarujący	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującym	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującym	fiksatuarować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarującymi	fiksatuarować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksatuarują	fiksatuarować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarujcie	fiksatuarować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarujecie	fiksatuarować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksatuaruje	fiksatuarować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiksatuarujemy	fiksatuarować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksatuarujesz	fiksatuarować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksatuaruję	fiksatuarować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiksatuaruj	fiksatuarować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksatuarujmy	fiksatuarować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksatywach	fiksatyw	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywami	fiksatyw	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywem	fiksatyw	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatyw	fiksatyw	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatyw	fiksatyw	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywie	fiksatyw	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywie	fiksatyw	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywom	fiksatyw	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywowi	fiksatyw	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywów	fiksatyw	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywu	fiksatyw	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywy	fiksatyw	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywy	fiksatyw	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywy	fiksatyw	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksatywach	fiksatywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywa	fiksatywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywami	fiksatywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywą	fiksatywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywę	fiksatywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatyw	fiksatywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywie	fiksatywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywie	fiksatywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywo	fiksatywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywom	fiksatywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywy	fiksatywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywy	fiksatywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywy	fiksatywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksatywy	fiksatywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiksażach	fiksaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażami	fiksaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaże	fiksaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaże	fiksaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaże	fiksaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażem	fiksaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaż	fiksaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaż	fiksaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażom	fiksaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażowi	fiksaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażów	fiksaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażu	fiksaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażu	fiksaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksażu	fiksaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksaży	fiksaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiksować	fiksować:v1	inf:imperf		
fiksowaliby	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksowalibyście	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksowalibyśmy	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksowali	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiksowali	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksowaliście	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksowaliśmy	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksowałaby	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksowałabym	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksowałabyś	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksowała	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiksowała	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksowałam	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksowałaś	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksowałby	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałbym	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksowałbyś	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałem	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksowałeś	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksował	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiksował	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałoby	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksowałobym	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksowałobyś	fiksować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksowało	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiksowało	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksowałom	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksowałoś	fiksować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksowałyby	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałybyście	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałybyśmy	fiksować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksowały	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiksowały	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałyście	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałyśmy	fiksować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksowaniach	fiksować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniami	fiksować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanie	fiksować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniem	fiksować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniom	fiksować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniu	fiksować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowano	fiksować:v1	imps:imperf		
fiksowań	fiksować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksująca	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującą	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującej	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującemu	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksując	fiksować:v1	pcon:imperf		
fiksująco	fiksować:v1	pacta		
fiksujących	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujących	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującymi	fiksować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksują	fiksować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiksujcie	fiksować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksujecie	fiksować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksuje	fiksować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiksujemy	fiksować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksujesz	fiksować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksuję	fiksować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiksuj	fiksować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksujmy	fiksować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksować	fiksować:v2	inf:imperf		
fiksowaliby	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksowalibyście	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksowalibyśmy	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksowali	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiksowali	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiksowaliście	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiksowaliśmy	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiksowałaby	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksowałabym	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksowałabyś	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksowała	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiksowała	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiksowałam	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiksowałaś	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiksowałby	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałbym	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksowałbyś	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałem	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiksowałeś	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiksował	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiksował	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałoby	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksowałobym	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksowałobyś	fiksować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksowało	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiksowało	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiksowałom	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiksowałoś	fiksować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiksowałyby	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałybyście	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałybyśmy	fiksować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksowały	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiksowały	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiksowałyście	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiksowałyśmy	fiksować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiksowana	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowaną	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowane	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowane	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanego	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanego	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanej	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowanemu	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniach	fiksować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniami	fiksować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanie	fiksować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniem	fiksować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowani	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniom	fiksować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniu	fiksować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowano	fiksować:v2	imps:imperf		
fiksowanych	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksowanych	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowany	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksowany	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksowanym	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowanym	fiksować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanymi	fiksować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowań	fiksować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksująca	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującą	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującej	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującemu	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksując	fiksować:v2	pcon:imperf		
fiksująco	fiksować:v2	pacta		
fiksujących	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujących	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującymi	fiksować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksują	fiksować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiksujcie	fiksować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksujecie	fiksować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiksuje	fiksować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiksujemy	fiksować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksujesz	fiksować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksuję	fiksować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiksuj	fiksować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiksujmy	fiksować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiksować	fiksować:v3	inf:imperf		daw.
fiksowaliby	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowalibyście	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowalibyśmy	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowali	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fiksowali	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowaliście	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowaliśmy	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałaby	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałabym	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałabyś	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowała	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fiksowała	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałam	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałaś	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowałby	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałbym	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałbyś	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowałem	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałeś	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksował	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fiksował	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałoby	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałobym	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałobyś	fiksować:v3	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowało	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fiksowało	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałom	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowałoś	fiksować:v3	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowałyby	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałybyście	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowałybyśmy	fiksować:v3	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowały	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fiksowały	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksowałyście	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksowałyśmy	fiksować:v3	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksowana	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowaną	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowane	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowane	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanego	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanego	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanej	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksowanemu	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniach	fiksować:v3	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v3	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowania	fiksować:v3	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniami	fiksować:v3	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanie	fiksować:v3	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniem	fiksować:v3	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowani	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniom	fiksować:v3	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowaniu	fiksować:v3	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowano	fiksować:v3	imps:imperf		daw.
fiksowanych	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksowanych	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowany	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksowany	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksowanym	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowanym	fiksować:v3	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksowanymi	fiksować:v3	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksowań	fiksować:v3	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiksująca	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującą	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujące	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiksującego	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującej	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiksującemu	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksując	fiksować:v3	pcon:imperf		daw.
fiksująco	fiksować:v3	pacta		
fiksujących	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujących	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiksujący	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksującym	fiksować:v3	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiksującymi	fiksować:v3	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiksują	fiksować:v3	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksujcie	fiksować:v3	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksujecie	fiksować:v3	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksuje	fiksować:v3	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fiksujemy	fiksować:v3	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksujesz	fiksować:v3	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksuję	fiksować:v3	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksuj	fiksować:v3	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fiksujmy	fiksować:v3	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fiksum	fiksum	burk		
fiku	fiku	interj		
fikusach	fikus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusach	fikus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusa	fikus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusa	fikus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusa	fikus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusami	fikus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusami	fikus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusem	fikus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusem	fikus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikus	fikus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikus	fikus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikus	fikus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusie	fikus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusie	fikus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusie	fikus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusie	fikus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusom	fikus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusom	fikus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusowi	fikus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusowi	fikus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusów	fikus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusów	fikus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
fikusy	fikus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fikusowościach	fikusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowościami	fikusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowością	fikusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowości	fikusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowościom	fikusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowość	fikusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowość	fikusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikusowa	fikusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fikusową	fikusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fikusową	fikusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fikusowe	fikusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikusowe	fikusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikusowe	fikusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fikusowe	fikusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fikusowego	fikusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fikusowego	fikusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikusowej	fikusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fikusowej	fikusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fikusowej	fikusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fikusowemu	fikusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikusowi	fikusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fikusowo	fikusowy	adja		
fikusowych	fikusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fikusowych	fikusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikusowych	fikusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikusowy	fikusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fikusowy	fikusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fikusowym	fikusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikusowym	fikusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikusowym	fikusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikusowymi	fikusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśnie	fikuśnie	adv:pos		
fikuśniej	fikuśnie	adv:com		
fikuśnościach	fikuśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśnościami	fikuśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśnością	fikuśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśności	fikuśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśnościom	fikuśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśność	fikuśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśność	fikuśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fikuśna	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fikuśną	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fikuśną	fikuśny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fikuśne	fikuśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśne	fikuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśne	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fikuśne	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fikuśnego	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fikuśnego	fikuśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikuśnej	fikuśny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fikuśnej	fikuśny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fikuśnej	fikuśny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fikuśnemu	fikuśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikuśniejsi	fikuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
fikuśniejsza	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszą	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszą	fikuśny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejsze	fikuśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejsze	fikuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejsze	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejsze	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszego	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszego	fikuśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszej	fikuśny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszej	fikuśny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszej	fikuśny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszemu	fikuśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszych	fikuśny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszych	fikuśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszych	fikuśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszy	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszy	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszym	fikuśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszym	fikuśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszym	fikuśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
fikuśniejszymi	fikuśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
fikuśni	fikuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fikuśno	fikuśny	adja		
fikuśnych	fikuśny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fikuśnych	fikuśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśnych	fikuśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśny	fikuśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fikuśny	fikuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fikuśnym	fikuśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fikuśnym	fikuśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikuśnym	fikuśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fikuśnymi	fikuśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filach	fila	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
fila	fila	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filami	fila	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filą	fila	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
file	fila	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
file	fila	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
file	fila	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filę	fila	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
fil	fila	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|hist.
fili	fila	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|hist.
fili	fila	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
fili	fila	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
fili	fila	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filo	fila	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filom	fila	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filadelfijscy	filadelfijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filadelfijska	filadelfijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filadelfijską	filadelfijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filadelfijską	filadelfijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filadelfijskich	filadelfijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filadelfijskich	filadelfijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijskich	filadelfijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijskie	filadelfijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijskie	filadelfijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijskie	filadelfijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijskie	filadelfijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijskiego	filadelfijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filadelfijskiego	filadelfijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijskiej	filadelfijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filadelfijskiej	filadelfijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filadelfijskiej	filadelfijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filadelfijskiemu	filadelfijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijski	filadelfijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filadelfijski	filadelfijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filadelfijskim	filadelfijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijskim	filadelfijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijskim	filadelfijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filadelfijskimi	filadelfijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filadelfijsko	filadelfijski	adja		
filadelfijsku	filadelfijski	adjp		
filadelfijsko	filadelfijsko	adv:pos		
filadelfijskościach	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskościami	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskością	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskości	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskościom	filadelfijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskość	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filadelfijskość	filadelfijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakteriach	filakteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakteria	filakteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakteriami	filakteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterią	filakteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterię	filakteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterii	filakteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filakterii	filakteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterii	filakteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterii	filakteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakterio	filakteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakteriom	filakteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filakteryj	filakteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filakteriach	filakterie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakteriami	filakterie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakterie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakterie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakterie	filakterie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakterii	filakterie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filakteriom	filakterie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
filakteryj	filakterie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filantropach	filantrop	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropa	filantrop	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropa	filantrop	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropami	filantrop	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropem	filantrop	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantrop	filantrop	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropie	filantrop	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropie	filantrop	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropi	filantrop	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropi	filantrop	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropom	filantrop	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropowi	filantrop	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropów	filantrop	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropów	filantrop	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filantropy	filantrop	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filantropy	filantrop	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filantropach	filantropa	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropa	filantropa	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropami	filantropa	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropą	filantropa	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropę	filantropa	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropie	filantropa	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropie	filantropa	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropo	filantropa	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropom	filantropa	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropowie	filantropa	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropowie	filantropa	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropów	filantropa	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropów	filantropa	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropy	filantropa	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropy	filantropa	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropy	filantropa	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiach	filantropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropia	filantropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropiami	filantropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropią	filantropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropie	filantropia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropie	filantropia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropie	filantropia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropię	filantropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropii	filantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filantropii	filantropia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropii	filantropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropii	filantropia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropij	filantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filantropio	filantropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropiom	filantropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropicznościach	filantropiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropicznościami	filantropiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropicznością	filantropiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczności	filantropiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropicznościom	filantropiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczność	filantropiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczność	filantropiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filantropiczna	filantropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
filantropiczną	filantropiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
filantropiczną	filantropiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
filantropiczne	filantropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropiczne	filantropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropiczne	filantropiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropiczne	filantropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropicznego	filantropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
filantropicznego	filantropiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropicznej	filantropiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
filantropicznej	filantropiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
filantropicznej	filantropiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
filantropicznemu	filantropiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropiczni	filantropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filantropiczno	filantropiczny	adja		daw.
filantropicznych	filantropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filantropicznych	filantropiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropicznych	filantropiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropiczny	filantropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
filantropiczny	filantropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
filantropicznym	filantropiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropicznym	filantropiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropicznym	filantropiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filantropicznymi	filantropiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filantropijnościach	filantropijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijnościami	filantropijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijnością	filantropijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijności	filantropijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijnościom	filantropijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijność	filantropijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijność	filantropijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropijna	filantropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filantropijną	filantropijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filantropijną	filantropijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filantropijne	filantropijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filantropijne	filantropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filantropijne	filantropijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filantropijne	filantropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filantropijnego	filantropijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filantropijnego	filantropijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filantropijnej	filantropijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filantropijnej	filantropijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filantropijnej	filantropijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filantropijnemu	filantropijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filantropijni	filantropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filantropijno	filantropijny	adja		
filantropijnych	filantropijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filantropijnych	filantropijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filantropijnych	filantropijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filantropijny	filantropijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filantropijny	filantropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filantropijnym	filantropijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filantropijnym	filantropijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filantropijnym	filantropijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filantropijnymi	filantropijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filantropce	filantropka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropce	filantropka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropek	filantropka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropkach	filantropka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropka	filantropka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropkami	filantropka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropką	filantropka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropkę	filantropka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropki	filantropka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropki	filantropka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropki	filantropka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropki	filantropka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropko	filantropka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filantropkom	filantropka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarach	filar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filara	filar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarami	filar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarem	filar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filar	filar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filar	filar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarom	filar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarowi	filar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarów	filar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaru	filar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filary	filar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filary	filar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filary	filar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarze	filar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarze	filar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filareccy	filarecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filarecka	filarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filarecką	filarecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filarecką	filarecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filareckich	filarecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filareckich	filarecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filareckich	filarecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filareckie	filarecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filareckie	filarecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filareckie	filarecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filareckie	filarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filareckiego	filarecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filareckiego	filarecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filareckiej	filarecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filareckiej	filarecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filareckiej	filarecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filareckiemu	filarecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filarecki	filarecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filarecki	filarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filareckim	filarecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filareckim	filarecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filareckim	filarecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filareckimi	filarecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filarecko	filarecki	adja		
filarecku	filarecki	adjp		
filarecko	filarecko	adv:pos		
filareckościach	filareckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckościami	filareckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckością	filareckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckości	filareckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckościom	filareckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckość	filareckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filareckość	filareckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarek	filarek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarek	filarek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarkach	filarek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarka	filarek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarkami	filarek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarkiem	filarek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarki	filarek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarki	filarek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarki	filarek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarkom	filarek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarkowi	filarek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarków	filarek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarku	filarek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarku	filarek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarecie	filaret	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filarecie	filaret	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filareci	filaret	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filareci	filaret	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretach	filaret	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filareta	filaret	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filareta	filaret	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretami	filaret	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretem	filaret	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaret	filaret	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretom	filaret	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretowi	filaret	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretów	filaret	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filaretów	filaret	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filarety	filaret	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filarety	filaret	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filarecie	filareta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarecie	filareta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filareci	filareta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filareci	filareta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretach	filareta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filareta	filareta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretami	filareta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretą	filareta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretę	filareta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filareto	filareta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretom	filareta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretów	filareta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretów	filareta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarety	filareta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filarety	filareta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filarety	filareta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmach	filaretyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmami	filaretyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmem	filaretyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzm	filaretyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzm	filaretyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmie	filaretyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmie	filaretyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmom	filaretyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmowi	filaretyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmów	filaretyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmu	filaretyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmy	filaretyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmy	filaretyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filaretyzmy	filaretyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filariach	filaria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filaria	filaria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariami	filaria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarią	filaria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarie	filaria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarie	filaria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarie	filaria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarię	filaria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarii	filaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filarii	filaria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarii	filaria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarii	filaria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filario	filaria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariom	filaria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filaryj	filaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filariozach	filarioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarioza	filarioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozami	filarioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozą	filarioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozę	filarioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarioz	filarioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozie	filarioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozie	filarioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozo	filarioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozom	filarioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozy	filarioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozy	filarioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozy	filarioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filariozy	filarioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniach	filarowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowania	filarowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowania	filarowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowania	filarowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowania	filarowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniami	filarowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowanie	filarowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowanie	filarowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowanie	filarowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniem	filarowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniom	filarowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniu	filarowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowaniu	filarowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowań	filarowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcach	filarowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowca	filarowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowca	filarowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcami	filarowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowce	filarowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowce	filarowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcem	filarowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcom	filarowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcowi	filarowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowców	filarowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowców	filarowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcu	filarowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcu	filarowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcy	filarowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcy	filarowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowcze	filarowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowiec	filarowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filarowościach	filarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowościami	filarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowością	filarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowości	filarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowościom	filarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowość	filarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowość	filarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filarowa	filarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filarową	filarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filarową	filarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filarowe	filarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filarowe	filarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filarowe	filarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filarowe	filarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filarowego	filarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filarowego	filarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filarowej	filarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filarowej	filarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filarowej	filarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filarowemu	filarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filarowi	filarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filarowo	filarowy	adja		
filarowych	filarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filarowych	filarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filarowych	filarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filarowy	filarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filarowy	filarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filarowym	filarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filarowym	filarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filarowym	filarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filarowymi	filarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filarzykach	filarzyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyka	filarzyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzykami	filarzyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyk	filarzyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyk	filarzyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzykiem	filarzyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyki	filarzyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyki	filarzyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyki	filarzyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzykom	filarzyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzykowi	filarzyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyków	filarzyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyku	filarzyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filarzyku	filarzyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filateliach	filatelia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelia	filatelia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filateliami	filatelia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelią	filatelia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelie	filatelia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelie	filatelia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelie	filatelia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelię	filatelia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelii	filatelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
filatelii	filatelia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelii	filatelia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelii	filatelia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelij	filatelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
filatelio	filatelia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filateliom	filatelia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filatelistach	filatelista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelista	filatelista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistami	filatelista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistą	filatelista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistę	filatelista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelisto	filatelista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistom	filatelista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistów	filatelista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistów	filatelista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelisty	filatelista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filatelisty	filatelista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filatelisty	filatelista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filateliście	filatelista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filateliście	filatelista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filateliści	filatelista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filateliści	filatelista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistce	filatelistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistce	filatelistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistek	filatelistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistkach	filatelistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistka	filatelistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistkami	filatelistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistką	filatelistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistkę	filatelistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistki	filatelistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistki	filatelistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistki	filatelistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistki	filatelistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistko	filatelistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistkom	filatelistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistycznościach	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistycznościami	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistycznością	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczności	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistycznościom	filatelistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczność	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczność	filatelistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyczna	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filatelistyczną	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filatelistyczną	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filatelistyczne	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistyczne	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistyczne	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filatelistyczne	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filatelistycznego	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filatelistycznego	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filatelistycznej	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filatelistycznej	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filatelistycznej	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filatelistycznemu	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filatelistyczni	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filatelistyczno	filatelistyczny	adja		
filatelistycznych	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filatelistycznych	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistycznych	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistyczny	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filatelistyczny	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filatelistycznym	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistycznym	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filatelistycznym	filatelistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filatelistycznymi	filatelistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filatelistyce	filatelistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyce	filatelistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistykach	filatelistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyka	filatelistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistykami	filatelistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyką	filatelistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistykę	filatelistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyk	filatelistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyki	filatelistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyki	filatelistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyki	filatelistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyki	filatelistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistyko	filatelistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filatelistykom	filatelistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcach	filc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcami	filc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filce	filc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filce	filc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filce	filc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcem	filc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filc	filc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filc	filc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcom	filc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcowi	filc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filców	filc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcu	filc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcu	filc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcu	filc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcakach	filcak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaka	filcak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcakami	filcak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcak	filcak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcak	filcak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcakiem	filcak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaki	filcak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaki	filcak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaki	filcak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcakom	filcak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcakowi	filcak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaków	filcak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaku	filcak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcaku	filcak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcować	filcować	inf:imperf		
filcowaliby	filcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filcowalibyście	filcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filcowalibyśmy	filcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filcowali	filcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filcowali	filcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filcowaliście	filcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filcowaliśmy	filcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filcowałaby	filcować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filcowałabym	filcować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filcowałabyś	filcować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filcowała	filcować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filcowała	filcować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filcowałam	filcować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filcowałaś	filcować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filcowałby	filcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filcowałbym	filcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filcowałbyś	filcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filcowałem	filcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filcowałeś	filcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filcował	filcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filcował	filcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filcowałoby	filcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filcowałobym	filcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filcowałobyś	filcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filcowało	filcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filcowało	filcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filcowałom	filcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filcowałoś	filcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filcowałyby	filcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filcowałybyście	filcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filcowałybyśmy	filcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filcowały	filcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filcowały	filcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filcowałyście	filcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filcowałyśmy	filcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filcowana	filcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filcowaną	filcować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filcowane	filcować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcowane	filcować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcowanego	filcować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filcowanego	filcować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcowanej	filcować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filcowanemu	filcować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcowaniach	filcować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowania	filcować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowania	filcować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowaniami	filcować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowanie	filcować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowaniem	filcować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowani	filcować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filcowaniom	filcować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowaniu	filcować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filcowano	filcować	imps:imperf		
filcowanych	filcować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filcowanych	filcować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcowany	filcować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filcowany	filcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filcowanym	filcować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcowanym	filcować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcowanymi	filcować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcowań	filcować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filcująca	filcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filcującą	filcować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filcujące	filcować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcujące	filcować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcującego	filcować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filcującego	filcować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcującej	filcować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filcującemu	filcować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcując	filcować	pcon:imperf		
filcująco	filcować	pacta		
filcujących	filcować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filcujących	filcować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcujący	filcować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filcujący	filcować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filcujący	filcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filcującym	filcować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcującym	filcować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filcującymi	filcować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filcują	filcować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filcujcie	filcować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filcujecie	filcować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filcuje	filcować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filcujemy	filcować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filcujesz	filcować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filcuję	filcować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filcuj	filcować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filcujmy	filcować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filcowato	filcowato	adv:pos		
filcowatościach	filcowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatościami	filcowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatością	filcowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatości	filcowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatościom	filcowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatość	filcowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowatość	filcowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowaci	filcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filcowata	filcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filcowatą	filcowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filcowatą	filcowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filcowate	filcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filcowate	filcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filcowate	filcowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filcowate	filcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filcowatego	filcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filcowatego	filcowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowatej	filcowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filcowatej	filcowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filcowatej	filcowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filcowatemu	filcowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowato	filcowaty	adja		
filcowatych	filcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filcowatych	filcowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowatych	filcowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowaty	filcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filcowaty	filcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filcowatym	filcowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowatym	filcowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowatym	filcowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowatymi	filcowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowościach	filcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowościami	filcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowością	filcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowości	filcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowościom	filcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowość	filcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowość	filcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filcowa	filcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filcową	filcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filcową	filcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filcowe	filcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filcowe	filcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filcowe	filcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filcowe	filcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filcowego	filcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filcowego	filcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowej	filcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filcowej	filcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filcowej	filcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filcowemu	filcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowi	filcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filcowo	filcowy	adja		
filcowych	filcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filcowych	filcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowych	filcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowy	filcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filcowy	filcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filcowym	filcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcowym	filcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowym	filcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filcowymi	filcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filcunek	filcunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunek	filcunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunkach	filcunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunkami	filcunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunkiem	filcunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunki	filcunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunki	filcunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunki	filcunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunkom	filcunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunkowi	filcunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunków	filcunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunku	filcunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunku	filcunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filcunku	filcunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosach	fildekos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosami	fildekos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosem	fildekos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekos	fildekos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekos	fildekos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosie	fildekos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosie	fildekos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosom	fildekos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowi	fildekos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosów	fildekos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosu	fildekos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosy	fildekos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosy	fildekos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosy	fildekos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowościach	fildekosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowościami	fildekosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowością	fildekosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowości	fildekosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowościom	fildekosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowość	fildekosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowość	fildekosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fildekosowa	fildekosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fildekosową	fildekosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fildekosową	fildekosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fildekosowe	fildekosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fildekosowe	fildekosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fildekosowe	fildekosowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowe	fildekosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowego	fildekosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fildekosowego	fildekosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowej	fildekosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fildekosowej	fildekosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fildekosowej	fildekosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fildekosowemu	fildekosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowi	fildekosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fildekosowo	fildekosowy	adja		
fildekosowych	fildekosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fildekosowych	fildekosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fildekosowych	fildekosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fildekosowy	fildekosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fildekosowy	fildekosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fildekosowym	fildekosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fildekosowym	fildekosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowym	fildekosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fildekosowymi	fildekosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fildystorach	fildystor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystora	fildystor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorami	fildystor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorem	fildystor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystor	fildystor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystor	fildystor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorom	fildystor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorowi	fildystor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorów	fildystor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystory	fildystor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystory	fildystor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystory	fildystor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorze	fildystor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fildystorze	fildystor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarce	fileciarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarce	fileciarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarek	fileciarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarkach	fileciarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarka	fileciarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarkami	fileciarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarką	fileciarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarkę	fileciarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarki	fileciarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarki	fileciarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarki	fileciarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarki	fileciarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarko	fileciarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileciarkom	fileciarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filerach	filer:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filera	filer:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filera	filer:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerami	filer:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerem	filer:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filer	filer:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerom	filer:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerowi	filer:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerów	filer:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerów	filer:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filery	filer:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filery	filer:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerze	filer:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerze	filer:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerzy	filer:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerzy	filer:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	środ.
filerach	filer:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filera	filer:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerami	filer:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerem	filer:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filer	filer:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filer	filer:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerom	filer:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerowi	filer:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerów	filer:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
fileru	filer:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filery	filer:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filery	filer:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filery	filer:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerze	filer:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filerze	filer:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
filecie	filet	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filecie	filet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filecie	filet	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filecie	filet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetach	filet	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetach	filet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fileta	filet	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fileta	filet	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fileta	filet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetami	filet	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetami	filet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetem	filet	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetem	filet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filet	filet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filet	filet	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filet	filet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetom	filet	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetom	filet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetowi	filet	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetowi	filet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetów	filet	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filetów	filet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filetu	filet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filety	filet	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filety	filet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filety	filet	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filety	filet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filety	filet	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
filety	filet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filecie	fileta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filecie	fileta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetach	fileta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileta	fileta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetami	fileta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetą	fileta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetę	fileta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filet	fileta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fileto	fileta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetom	fileta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filety	fileta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filety	fileta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filety	fileta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filety	fileta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filetować	filetować	inf:imperf		
filetowaliby	filetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filetowalibyście	filetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filetowalibyśmy	filetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filetowali	filetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filetowali	filetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filetowaliście	filetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filetowaliśmy	filetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filetowałaby	filetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filetowałabym	filetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filetowałabyś	filetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filetowała	filetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filetowała	filetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filetowałam	filetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filetowałaś	filetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filetowałby	filetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filetowałbym	filetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filetowałbyś	filetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filetowałem	filetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filetowałeś	filetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filetował	filetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filetował	filetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filetowałoby	filetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filetowałobym	filetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filetowałobyś	filetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filetowało	filetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filetowało	filetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filetowałom	filetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filetowałoś	filetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filetowałyby	filetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filetowałybyście	filetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filetowałybyśmy	filetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filetowały	filetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filetowały	filetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filetowałyście	filetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filetowałyśmy	filetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filetowana	filetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filetowaną	filetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filetowane	filetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetowane	filetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetowanego	filetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filetowanego	filetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetowanej	filetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filetowanemu	filetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetowaniach	filetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowania	filetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowania	filetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowaniami	filetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowanie	filetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowaniem	filetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowani	filetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filetowaniom	filetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowaniu	filetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filetowano	filetować	imps:imperf		
filetowanych	filetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filetowanych	filetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetowany	filetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filetowany	filetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filetowanym	filetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetowanym	filetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetowanymi	filetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetowań	filetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filetująca	filetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filetującą	filetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filetujące	filetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetujące	filetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetującego	filetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filetującego	filetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetującej	filetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filetującemu	filetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetując	filetować	pcon:imperf		
filetująco	filetować	pacta		
filetujących	filetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filetujących	filetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetujący	filetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filetujący	filetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filetujący	filetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filetującym	filetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetującym	filetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filetującymi	filetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filetują	filetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filetujcie	filetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filetujecie	filetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filetuje	filetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filetujemy	filetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filetujesz	filetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filetuję	filetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filetuj	filetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filetujmy	filetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filharmoniach	filharmonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonia	filharmonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniami	filharmonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonią	filharmonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonie	filharmonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonie	filharmonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonie	filharmonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonię	filharmonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonii	filharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filharmonii	filharmonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonii	filharmonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonii	filharmonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonij	filharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filharmonio	filharmonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniom	filharmonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonicznościach	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonicznościami	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonicznością	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczności	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonicznościom	filharmoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczność	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczność	filharmoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniczna	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filharmoniczną	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filharmoniczną	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filharmoniczne	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filharmoniczne	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filharmoniczne	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filharmoniczne	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filharmonicznego	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filharmonicznego	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonicznej	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filharmonicznej	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filharmonicznej	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filharmonicznemu	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmoniczni	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filharmoniczno	filharmoniczny	adja		
filharmonicznych	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filharmonicznych	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonicznych	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmoniczny	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filharmoniczny	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filharmonicznym	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonicznym	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonicznym	filharmoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonicznymi	filharmoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijnościach	filharmonijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijnościami	filharmonijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijnością	filharmonijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijności	filharmonijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijnościom	filharmonijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijność	filharmonijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijność	filharmonijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonijna	filharmonijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filharmonijną	filharmonijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filharmonijną	filharmonijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filharmonijne	filharmonijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijne	filharmonijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijne	filharmonijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijne	filharmonijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijnego	filharmonijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filharmonijnego	filharmonijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijnej	filharmonijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filharmonijnej	filharmonijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filharmonijnej	filharmonijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filharmonijnemu	filharmonijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijni	filharmonijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filharmonijno	filharmonijny	adja		
filharmonijnych	filharmonijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filharmonijnych	filharmonijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijnych	filharmonijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijny	filharmonijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filharmonijny	filharmonijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filharmonijnym	filharmonijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonijnym	filharmonijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijnym	filharmonijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filharmonijnymi	filharmonijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filharmonicy	filharmonik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonicy	filharmonik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonikach	filharmonik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonika	filharmonik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonika	filharmonik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonikami	filharmonik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonik	filharmonik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonikiem	filharmonik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniki	filharmonik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniki	filharmonik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonikom	filharmonik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmonikowi	filharmonik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoników	filharmonik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoników	filharmonik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniku	filharmonik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filharmoniku	filharmonik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenach	filhellen	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellena	filhellen	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellena	filhellen	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenami	filhellen	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenem	filhellen	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellen	filhellen	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenie	filhellen	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenie	filhellen	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenom	filhellen	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenowie	filhellen	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenowie	filhellen	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenowi	filhellen	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenów	filhellen	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenów	filhellen	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleny	filhellen	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleny	filhellen	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistach	filhellenista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenista	filhellenista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistami	filhellenista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistą	filhellenista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistę	filhellenista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenisto	filhellenista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistom	filhellenista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistów	filhellenista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenistów	filhellenista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenisty	filhellenista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenisty	filhellenista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenisty	filhellenista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleniście	filhellenista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleniście	filhellenista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleniści	filhellenista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleniści	filhellenista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmach	filhellenizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmami	filhellenizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmem	filhellenizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizm	filhellenizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizm	filhellenizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmie	filhellenizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmie	filhellenizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmom	filhellenizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmowi	filhellenizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmów	filhellenizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmu	filhellenizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmy	filhellenizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmy	filhellenizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhellenizmy	filhellenizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńscy	filhelleński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filhelleńska	filhelleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filhelleńską	filhelleński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filhelleńską	filhelleński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filhelleńskich	filhelleński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filhelleńskich	filhelleński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńskich	filhelleński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńskie	filhelleński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńskie	filhelleński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńskie	filhelleński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filhelleńskie	filhelleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filhelleńskiego	filhelleński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filhelleńskiego	filhelleński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filhelleńskiej	filhelleński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filhelleńskiej	filhelleński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filhelleńskiej	filhelleński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filhelleńskiemu	filhelleński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filhelleński	filhelleński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filhelleński	filhelleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filhelleńskim	filhelleński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńskim	filhelleński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filhelleńskim	filhelleński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filhelleńskimi	filhelleński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filhelleńsko	filhelleński	adja		
filhelleńsku	filhelleński	adjp		
filhelleńsko	filhelleńsko	adv:pos		
filhelleńskościach	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskościami	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskością	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskości	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskościom	filhelleńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskość	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filhelleńskość	filhelleńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiach	filia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filia	filia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiami	filia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filią	filia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filie	filia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filie	filia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filie	filia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filię	filia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filii	filia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filii	filia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filii	filia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filii	filia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filij	filia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filio	filia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiom	filia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacjach	filiacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacja	filiacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacjami	filiacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacją	filiacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacje	filiacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacje	filiacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacje	filiacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiację	filiacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacji	filiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filiacji	filiacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacji	filiacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacji	filiacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacjo	filiacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacjom	filiacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyj	filiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filiacyjnościach	filiacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjnościami	filiacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjnością	filiacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjności	filiacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjnościom	filiacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjność	filiacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjność	filiacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiacyjna	filiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filiacyjną	filiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filiacyjną	filiacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filiacyjne	filiacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filiacyjne	filiacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filiacyjne	filiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjne	filiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjnego	filiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filiacyjnego	filiacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjnej	filiacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filiacyjnej	filiacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filiacyjnej	filiacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filiacyjnemu	filiacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjni	filiacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filiacyjno	filiacyjny	adja		
filiacyjnych	filiacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filiacyjnych	filiacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filiacyjnych	filiacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filiacyjny	filiacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filiacyjny	filiacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filiacyjnym	filiacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filiacyjnym	filiacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjnym	filiacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filiacyjnymi	filiacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filialnościach	filialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialnościami	filialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialnością	filialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialności	filialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialnościom	filialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialność	filialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialność	filialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filialna	filialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filialną	filialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filialną	filialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filialne	filialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filialne	filialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filialne	filialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filialne	filialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filialnego	filialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filialnego	filialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filialnej	filialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filialnej	filialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filialnej	filialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filialnemu	filialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filialni	filialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filialno	filialny	adja		
filialnych	filialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filialnych	filialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filialnych	filialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filialny	filialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filialny	filialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filialnym	filialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filialnym	filialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filialnym	filialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filialnymi	filialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filierach	filiera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiera	filiera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierami	filiera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierą	filiera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierę	filiera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filier	filiera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiero	filiera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierom	filiera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiery	filiera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiery	filiera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiery	filiera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiery	filiera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierze	filiera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierze	filiera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierce	filierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierce	filierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierek	filierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierkach	filierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierka	filierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierkami	filierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierką	filierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierkę	filierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierki	filierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierki	filierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierki	filierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierki	filierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierko	filierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filierkom	filierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranach	filigran	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranami	filigran	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranem	filigran	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigran	filigran	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigran	filigran	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranie	filigran	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranie	filigran	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranom	filigran	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowi	filigran	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranów	filigran	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranu	filigran	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrany	filigran	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrany	filigran	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrany	filigran	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranek	filigranek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranek	filigranek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrankach	filigranek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranka	filigranek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrankami	filigranek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrankiem	filigranek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranki	filigranek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranki	filigranek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranki	filigranek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrankom	filigranek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigrankowi	filigranek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranków	filigranek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranku	filigranek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranku	filigranek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranku	filigranek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filigranować	filigranować	inf:imperf		
filigranowaliby	filigranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filigranowalibyście	filigranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filigranowalibyśmy	filigranować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filigranowali	filigranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filigranowali	filigranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filigranowaliście	filigranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filigranowaliśmy	filigranować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filigranowałaby	filigranować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filigranowałabym	filigranować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filigranowałabyś	filigranować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filigranowała	filigranować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filigranowała	filigranować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filigranowałam	filigranować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filigranowałaś	filigranować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filigranowałby	filigranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filigranowałbym	filigranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filigranowałbyś	filigranować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filigranowałem	filigranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filigranowałeś	filigranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filigranował	filigranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filigranował	filigranować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filigranowałoby	filigranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filigranowałobym	filigranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filigranowałobyś	filigranować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filigranowało	filigranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filigranowało	filigranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filigranowałom	filigranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filigranowałoś	filigranować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filigranowałyby	filigranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filigranowałybyście	filigranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filigranowałybyśmy	filigranować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filigranowały	filigranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filigranowały	filigranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filigranowałyście	filigranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filigranowałyśmy	filigranować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filigranowana	filigranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filigranowaną	filigranować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filigranowane	filigranować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranowane	filigranować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowanego	filigranować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filigranowanego	filigranować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowanej	filigranować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filigranowanemu	filigranować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowaniach	filigranować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowania	filigranować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowania	filigranować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowaniami	filigranować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowanie	filigranować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowaniem	filigranować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowani	filigranować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filigranowaniom	filigranować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowaniu	filigranować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowano	filigranować	imps:imperf		
filigranowanych	filigranować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filigranowanych	filigranować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranowany	filigranować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filigranowany	filigranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filigranowanym	filigranować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranowanym	filigranować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranowanymi	filigranować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranowań	filigranować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filigranująca	filigranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filigranującą	filigranować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filigranujące	filigranować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranujące	filigranować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranującego	filigranować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filigranującego	filigranować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranującej	filigranować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filigranującemu	filigranować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranując	filigranować	pcon:imperf		
filigranująco	filigranować	pacta		
filigranujących	filigranować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filigranujących	filigranować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranujący	filigranować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filigranujący	filigranować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filigranujący	filigranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filigranującym	filigranować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranującym	filigranować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filigranującymi	filigranować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filigranują	filigranować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filigranujcie	filigranować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filigranujecie	filigranować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filigranuje	filigranować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filigranujemy	filigranować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filigranujesz	filigranować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filigranuję	filigranować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filigranuj	filigranować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filigranujmy	filigranować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filigranowo	filigranowo	adv:pos		
filigranowościach	filigranowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowościami	filigranowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowością	filigranowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowości	filigranowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowościom	filigranowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowość	filigranowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowość	filigranowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filigranowa	filigranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filigranową	filigranowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filigranową	filigranowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filigranowe	filigranowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filigranowe	filigranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filigranowe	filigranowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filigranowe	filigranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filigranowego	filigranowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filigranowego	filigranowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filigranowej	filigranowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filigranowej	filigranowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filigranowej	filigranowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filigranowemu	filigranowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filigranowi	filigranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filigranowo	filigranowy	adja		
filigranowych	filigranowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filigranowych	filigranowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filigranowych	filigranowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filigranowy	filigranowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filigranowy	filigranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filigranowym	filigranowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filigranowym	filigranowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filigranowym	filigranowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filigranowymi	filigranowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipach	filip	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipa	filip	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipa	filip	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipami	filip	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipem	filip	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filip	filip	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipie	filip	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipie	filip	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipom	filip	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipowi	filip	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipów	filip	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipy	filip	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipy	filip	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipy	filip	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|gwar.
filipice	filipika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipice	filipika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipikach	filipika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipika	filipika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipikami	filipika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiką	filipika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipikę	filipika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipik	filipika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiki	filipika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiki	filipika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiki	filipika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiki	filipika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiko	filipika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipikom	filipika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipikować	filipikować	inf:imperf		
filipikowaliby	filipikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filipikowalibyście	filipikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filipikowalibyśmy	filipikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filipikowali	filipikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filipikowali	filipikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filipikowaliście	filipikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filipikowaliśmy	filipikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filipikowałaby	filipikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filipikowałabym	filipikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filipikowałabyś	filipikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filipikowała	filipikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filipikowała	filipikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filipikowałam	filipikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filipikowałaś	filipikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filipikowałby	filipikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filipikowałbym	filipikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filipikowałbyś	filipikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filipikowałem	filipikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filipikowałeś	filipikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filipikował	filipikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filipikował	filipikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filipikowałoby	filipikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filipikowałobym	filipikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filipikowałobyś	filipikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filipikowało	filipikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filipikowało	filipikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filipikowałom	filipikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filipikowałoś	filipikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filipikowałyby	filipikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filipikowałybyście	filipikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filipikowałybyśmy	filipikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filipikowały	filipikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filipikowały	filipikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filipikowałyście	filipikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filipikowałyśmy	filipikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filipikowaniach	filipikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowania	filipikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowania	filipikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowaniami	filipikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowanie	filipikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowaniem	filipikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowaniom	filipikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowaniu	filipikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikowano	filipikować	imps:imperf		
filipikowań	filipikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filipikująca	filipikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filipikującą	filipikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filipikujące	filipikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filipikujące	filipikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filipikującego	filipikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filipikującego	filipikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filipikującej	filipikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filipikującemu	filipikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filipikując	filipikować	pcon:imperf		
filipikująco	filipikować	pacta		
filipikujących	filipikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filipikujących	filipikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filipikujący	filipikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filipikujący	filipikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filipikujący	filipikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filipikującym	filipikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filipikującym	filipikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filipikującymi	filipikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filipikują	filipikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filipikujcie	filipikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filipikujecie	filipikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filipikuje	filipikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filipikujemy	filipikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filipikujesz	filipikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filipikuję	filipikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filipikuj	filipikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filipikujmy	filipikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filipinach	filipin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipina	filipin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipina	filipin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinami	filipin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinem	filipin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipin	filipin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinie	filipin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinie	filipin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipini	filipin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipini	filipin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinom	filipin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinowi	filipin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinów	filipin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipinów	filipin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filipinach	filipina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipina	filipina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipinami	filipina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiną	filipina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipinę	filipina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipin	filipina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipinie	filipina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipinie	filipina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipino	filipina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipinom	filipina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipiny	filipina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipince	filipinka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipince	filipinka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinek	filipinka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinkach	filipinka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinka	filipinka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinkami	filipinka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinką	filipinka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinkę	filipinka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinki	filipinka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinki	filipinka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinki	filipinka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinki	filipinka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinko	filipinka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipinkom	filipinka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
filipińscy	filipiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filipińska	filipiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filipińską	filipiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filipińską	filipiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filipińskich	filipiński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filipińskich	filipiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipińskich	filipiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipińskie	filipiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filipińskie	filipiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filipińskie	filipiński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filipińskie	filipiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filipińskiego	filipiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filipińskiego	filipiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipińskiej	filipiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filipińskiej	filipiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filipińskiej	filipiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filipińskiemu	filipiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipiński	filipiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filipiński	filipiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filipińskim	filipiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipińskim	filipiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipińskim	filipiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipińskimi	filipiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipińsko	filipiński	adja		
filipińsku	filipiński	adjp		
filipińsko	filipińsko	adv:pos		
filipińskościach	filipińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskościami	filipińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskością	filipińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskości	filipińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskościom	filipińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskość	filipińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipińskość	filipińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiponach	filipon	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipona	filipon	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipona	filipon	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponami	filipon	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponem	filipon	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipon	filipon	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponie	filipon	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponie	filipon	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponi	filipon	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponi	filipon	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponom	filipon	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponowi	filipon	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponów	filipon	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filiponów	filipon	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filipony	filipon	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filipony	filipon	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filipowscy	filipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filipowska	filipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filipowską	filipowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filipowską	filipowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filipowskich	filipowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filipowskich	filipowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipowskich	filipowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipowskie	filipowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filipowskie	filipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filipowskie	filipowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filipowskie	filipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filipowskiego	filipowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filipowskiego	filipowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipowskiej	filipowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filipowskiej	filipowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filipowskiej	filipowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filipowskiemu	filipowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipowski	filipowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filipowski	filipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filipowskim	filipowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipowskim	filipowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipowskim	filipowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filipowskimi	filipowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filipowsko	filipowski	adja		
filipowsku	filipowski	adjp		
filipowsko	filipowsko	adv:pos		
filipowskościach	filipowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskościami	filipowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskością	filipowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskości	filipowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskościom	filipowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskość	filipowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipowskość	filipowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filipsycie	filipsyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsycie	filipsyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytach	filipsyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytami	filipsyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytem	filipsyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsyt	filipsyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsyt	filipsyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytom	filipsyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytowi	filipsyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytów	filipsyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsytu	filipsyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsyty	filipsyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsyty	filipsyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filipsyty	filipsyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filister	filister	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrach	filister	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistra	filister	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistra	filister	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrami	filister	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrem	filister	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrom	filister	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrowie	filister	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrowie	filister	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrowi	filister	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrów	filister	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrów	filister	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistry	filister	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filistry	filister	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filistrze	filister	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrze	filister	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrzy	filister	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filistrzy	filister	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filisteriach	filisteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisteria	filisteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisteriami	filisteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterią	filisteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterie	filisteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterie	filisteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterie	filisteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterię	filisteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterii	filisteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filisterii	filisteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterii	filisteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterii	filisteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterio	filisteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisteriom	filisteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisteryj	filisteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filisterce	filisterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterce	filisterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterek	filisterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterkach	filisterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterka	filisterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterkami	filisterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterką	filisterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterkę	filisterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterki	filisterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterki	filisterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterki	filisterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterki	filisterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterko	filisterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterkom	filisterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterscy	filisterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filisterska	filisterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filisterską	filisterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filisterską	filisterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filisterskich	filisterski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filisterskich	filisterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filisterskich	filisterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filisterskie	filisterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filisterskie	filisterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filisterskie	filisterski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filisterskie	filisterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filisterskiego	filisterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filisterskiego	filisterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filisterskiej	filisterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filisterskiej	filisterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filisterskiej	filisterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filisterskiemu	filisterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filisterski	filisterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filisterski	filisterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filisterskim	filisterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filisterskim	filisterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filisterskim	filisterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filisterskimi	filisterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filistersko	filisterski	adja		
filistersku	filisterski	adjp		
filistersko	filistersko	adv:pos		
filisterskościach	filisterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskościami	filisterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskością	filisterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskości	filisterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskościom	filisterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskość	filisterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterskość	filisterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwach	filisterstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwa	filisterstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwa	filisterstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwa	filisterstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwa	filisterstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwami	filisterstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwem	filisterstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstw	filisterstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwie	filisterstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwo	filisterstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwo	filisterstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwo	filisterstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwom	filisterstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filisterstwu	filisterstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filistrzałaby	filistrzeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filistrzałabym	filistrzeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filistrzałabyś	filistrzeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filistrzała	filistrzeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filistrzała	filistrzeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filistrzałam	filistrzeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filistrzałaś	filistrzeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filistrzałby	filistrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filistrzałbym	filistrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filistrzałbyś	filistrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filistrzałem	filistrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filistrzałeś	filistrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filistrzał	filistrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filistrzał	filistrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filistrzałoby	filistrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filistrzałobym	filistrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filistrzałobyś	filistrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filistrzało	filistrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filistrzało	filistrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filistrzałom	filistrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filistrzałoś	filistrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filistrzałyby	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filistrzałybyście	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filistrzałybyśmy	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filistrzały	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filistrzały	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filistrzałyście	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filistrzałyśmy	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filistrzano	filistrzeć	imps:imperf		
filistrzeć	filistrzeć	inf:imperf		
filistrzejąca	filistrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącą	filistrzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filistrzejące	filistrzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filistrzejące	filistrzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącego	filistrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącego	filistrzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącej	filistrzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącemu	filistrzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzejąc	filistrzeć	pcon:imperf		
filistrzejąco	filistrzeć	pacta		
filistrzejących	filistrzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filistrzejących	filistrzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filistrzejący	filistrzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filistrzejący	filistrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filistrzejący	filistrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącym	filistrzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącym	filistrzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzejącymi	filistrzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filistrzeją	filistrzeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filistrzejcie	filistrzeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filistrzejecie	filistrzeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filistrzeje	filistrzeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filistrzejemy	filistrzeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filistrzejesz	filistrzeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filistrzeję	filistrzeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filistrzej	filistrzeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filistrzejmy	filistrzeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filistrzeliby	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filistrzelibyście	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filistrzelibyśmy	filistrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filistrzeli	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filistrzeli	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filistrzeliście	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filistrzeliśmy	filistrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filistrzeniach	filistrzeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzenia	filistrzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzenia	filistrzeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzeniami	filistrzeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzenie	filistrzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzeniem	filistrzeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzeniom	filistrzeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzeniu	filistrzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filistrzeń	filistrzeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filistyńscy	filistyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filistyńska	filistyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filistyńską	filistyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filistyńską	filistyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filistyńskich	filistyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filistyńskich	filistyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńskich	filistyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńskie	filistyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńskie	filistyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńskie	filistyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filistyńskie	filistyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filistyńskiego	filistyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filistyńskiego	filistyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filistyńskiej	filistyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filistyńskiej	filistyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filistyńskiej	filistyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filistyńskiemu	filistyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filistyński	filistyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filistyński	filistyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filistyńskim	filistyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńskim	filistyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filistyńskim	filistyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filistyńskimi	filistyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filistyńsko	filistyński	adja		
filistyńsku	filistyński	adjp		
filistyńsko	filistyńsko	adv:pos		
filistyńskościach	filistyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskościami	filistyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskością	filistyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskości	filistyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskościom	filistyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskość	filistyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filistyńskość	filistyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filicie	filit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filicie	filit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitach	filit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitami	filit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitem	filit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filit	filit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filit	filit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitom	filit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitowi	filit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitów	filit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filitu	filit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fility	filit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fility	filit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fility	filit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filizować	filizować	inf:imperf		
filizowaliby	filizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filizowalibyście	filizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filizowalibyśmy	filizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filizowali	filizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filizowali	filizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filizowaliście	filizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filizowaliśmy	filizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filizowałaby	filizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filizowałabym	filizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filizowałabyś	filizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filizowała	filizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filizowała	filizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filizowałam	filizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filizowałaś	filizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filizowałby	filizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filizowałbym	filizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filizowałbyś	filizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filizowałem	filizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filizowałeś	filizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filizował	filizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filizował	filizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filizowałoby	filizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filizowałobym	filizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filizowałobyś	filizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filizowało	filizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filizowało	filizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filizowałom	filizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filizowałoś	filizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filizowałyby	filizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filizowałybyście	filizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filizowałybyśmy	filizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filizowały	filizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filizowały	filizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filizowałyście	filizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filizowałyśmy	filizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filizowana	filizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filizowaną	filizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filizowane	filizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizowane	filizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizowanego	filizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filizowanego	filizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizowanej	filizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filizowanemu	filizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizowaniach	filizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowania	filizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowania	filizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowaniami	filizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowanie	filizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowaniem	filizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowani	filizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filizowaniom	filizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowaniu	filizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filizowano	filizować	imps:imperf		
filizowanych	filizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filizowanych	filizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizowany	filizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filizowany	filizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filizowanym	filizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizowanym	filizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizowanymi	filizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizowań	filizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filizująca	filizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filizującą	filizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filizujące	filizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizujące	filizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizującego	filizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filizującego	filizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizującej	filizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filizującemu	filizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizując	filizować	pcon:imperf		
filizująco	filizować	pacta		
filizujących	filizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filizujących	filizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizujący	filizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filizujący	filizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filizujący	filizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filizującym	filizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizującym	filizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filizującymi	filizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filizują	filizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filizujcie	filizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filizujecie	filizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filizuje	filizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filizujemy	filizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filizujesz	filizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filizuję	filizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filizuj	filizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filizujmy	filizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filiżaneczce	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczce	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczek	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczkach	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczka	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczkami	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczką	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczkę	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczki	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczki	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczki	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczki	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczko	filiżaneczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżaneczkom	filiżaneczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżance	filiżanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżance	filiżanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanek	filiżanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżankach	filiżanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanka	filiżanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżankami	filiżanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanką	filiżanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżankę	filiżanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanki	filiżanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanki	filiżanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanki	filiżanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanki	filiżanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżanko	filiżanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filiżankom	filiżanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fillerach	filler	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillera	filler	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillera	filler	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerami	filler	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerem	filler	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
filler	filler	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerom	filler	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerowi	filler	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerów	filler	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillery	filler	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillery	filler	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillery	filler	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerze	filler	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
fillerze	filler	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
filmach	film	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmami	film	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmem	film	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
film	film	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
film	film	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmie	film	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmie	film	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmom	film	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmowi	film	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmów	film	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmu	film	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmy	film	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmy	film	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmy	film	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdrukach	filmdruk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdrukami	filmdruk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruk	filmdruk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruk	filmdruk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdrukiem	filmdruk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruki	filmdruk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruki	filmdruk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruki	filmdruk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdrukom	filmdruk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdrukowi	filmdruk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruków	filmdruk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruku	filmdruk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruku	filmdruk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmdruku	filmdruk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzach	filmiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzach	filmiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarza	filmiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarza	filmiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarza	filmiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarza	filmiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzami	filmiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzami	filmiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarze	filmiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarze	filmiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarze	filmiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarze	filmiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarze	filmiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarze	filmiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarze	filmiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarze	filmiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzem	filmiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzem	filmiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarz	filmiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarz	filmiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzom	filmiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzom	filmiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzowi	filmiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzowi	filmiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzów	filmiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzów	filmiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzu	filmiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzu	filmiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzu	filmiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzu	filmiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
filmiarzy	filmiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmiarzy	filmiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmikach	filmik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmikami	filmik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmik	filmik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmik	filmik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmikiem	filmik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiki	filmik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiki	filmik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiki	filmik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmikom	filmik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmikowi	filmik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmików	filmik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiku	filmik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiku	filmik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmiku	filmik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodrukach	filmodruk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodrukami	filmodruk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruk	filmodruk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruk	filmodruk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodrukiem	filmodruk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruki	filmodruk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruki	filmodruk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruki	filmodruk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodrukom	filmodruk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodrukowi	filmodruk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruków	filmodruk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruku	filmodruk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruku	filmodruk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmodruku	filmodruk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filmografiach	filmografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografia	filmografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografiami	filmografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografią	filmografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografie	filmografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografie	filmografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografie	filmografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografię	filmografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografii	filmografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filmografii	filmografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografii	filmografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografii	filmografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografij	filmografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filmografio	filmografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmografiom	filmografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficznościach	filmograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficznościami	filmograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficznością	filmograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzności	filmograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficznościom	filmograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzność	filmograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzność	filmograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmograficzna	filmograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filmograficzną	filmograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filmograficzną	filmograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filmograficzne	filmograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmograficzne	filmograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmograficzne	filmograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filmograficzne	filmograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filmograficznego	filmograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filmograficznego	filmograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmograficznej	filmograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filmograficznej	filmograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filmograficznej	filmograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filmograficznemu	filmograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmograficzni	filmograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filmograficzno	filmograficzny	adja		
filmograficznych	filmograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filmograficznych	filmograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmograficznych	filmograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmograficzny	filmograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filmograficzny	filmograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filmograficznym	filmograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmograficznym	filmograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmograficznym	filmograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmograficznymi	filmograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmolodzy	filmolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmolodzy	filmolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologach	filmolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologa	filmolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologa	filmolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologami	filmolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmolog	filmolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiem	filmolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologi	filmolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmologi	filmolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmologom	filmolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologowie	filmolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologowie	filmolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologowi	filmolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologów	filmolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologów	filmolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologu	filmolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologu	filmolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiach	filmologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologia	filmologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiami	filmologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologią	filmologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologie	filmologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologie	filmologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologie	filmologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologię	filmologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologii	filmologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filmologii	filmologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologii	filmologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologii	filmologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologij	filmologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filmologio	filmologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiom	filmologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologicznościach	filmologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologicznościami	filmologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologicznością	filmologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczności	filmologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologicznościom	filmologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczność	filmologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczność	filmologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmologiczna	filmologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filmologiczną	filmologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filmologiczną	filmologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filmologiczne	filmologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmologiczne	filmologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmologiczne	filmologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filmologiczne	filmologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filmologicznego	filmologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filmologicznego	filmologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmologicznej	filmologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filmologicznej	filmologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filmologicznej	filmologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filmologicznemu	filmologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmologiczni	filmologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filmologiczno	filmologiczny	adja		
filmologicznych	filmologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filmologicznych	filmologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmologicznych	filmologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmologiczny	filmologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filmologiczny	filmologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filmologicznym	filmologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmologicznym	filmologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmologicznym	filmologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmologicznymi	filmologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmotece	filmoteka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotece	filmoteka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotekach	filmoteka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteka	filmoteka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotekami	filmoteka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteką	filmoteka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotekę	filmoteka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotek	filmoteka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteki	filmoteka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteki	filmoteka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteki	filmoteka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteki	filmoteka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoteko	filmoteka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmotekom	filmoteka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmować	filmować	inf:imperf		
filmowaliby	filmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filmowalibyście	filmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filmowalibyśmy	filmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filmowali	filmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filmowali	filmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filmowaliście	filmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filmowaliśmy	filmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filmowałaby	filmować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filmowałabym	filmować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filmowałabyś	filmować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filmowała	filmować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filmowała	filmować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filmowałam	filmować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filmowałaś	filmować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filmowałby	filmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filmowałbym	filmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filmowałbyś	filmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filmowałem	filmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filmowałeś	filmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filmował	filmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filmował	filmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filmowałoby	filmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filmowałobym	filmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filmowałobyś	filmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filmowało	filmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filmowało	filmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filmowałom	filmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filmowałoś	filmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filmowałyby	filmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filmowałybyście	filmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filmowałybyśmy	filmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filmowały	filmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filmowały	filmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filmowałyście	filmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filmowałyśmy	filmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filmowana	filmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filmowaną	filmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filmowane	filmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmowane	filmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmowanego	filmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filmowanego	filmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmowanej	filmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filmowanemu	filmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmowaniach	filmować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowania	filmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowania	filmować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowaniami	filmować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowanie	filmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowaniem	filmować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowani	filmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filmowaniom	filmować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowaniu	filmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filmowano	filmować	imps:imperf		
filmowanych	filmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filmowanych	filmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmowany	filmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filmowany	filmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filmowanym	filmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmowanym	filmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmowanymi	filmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmowań	filmować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filmująca	filmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filmującą	filmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filmujące	filmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmujące	filmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmującego	filmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filmującego	filmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmującej	filmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filmującemu	filmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmując	filmować	pcon:imperf		
filmująco	filmować	pacta		
filmujących	filmować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filmujących	filmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmujący	filmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filmujący	filmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filmujący	filmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filmującym	filmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmującym	filmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filmującymi	filmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filmują	filmować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filmujcie	filmować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filmujecie	filmować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filmuje	filmować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filmujemy	filmować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filmujesz	filmować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filmuję	filmować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filmuj	filmować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filmujmy	filmować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filmowcach	filmowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowca	filmowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowca	filmowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcami	filmowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowce	filmowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmowce	filmowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcem	filmowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcom	filmowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcowi	filmowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowców	filmowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowców	filmowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcu	filmowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcu	filmowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcy	filmowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowcy	filmowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowiec	filmowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmowo	filmowo	adv:pos		
filmowościach	filmowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowościami	filmowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowością	filmowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowości	filmowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowościom	filmowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowość	filmowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowość	filmowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmowa	filmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filmową	filmowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filmową	filmowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filmowe	filmowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmowe	filmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmowe	filmowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filmowe	filmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filmowego	filmowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filmowego	filmowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmowej	filmowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filmowej	filmowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filmowej	filmowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filmowemu	filmowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmowi	filmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filmowo	filmowy	adja		
filmowych	filmowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filmowych	filmowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmowych	filmowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmowy	filmowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filmowy	filmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filmowym	filmowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmowym	filmowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmowym	filmowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmowymi	filmowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawcach	filmoznawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawca	filmoznawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcami	filmoznawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcą	filmoznawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawce	filmoznawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawce	filmoznawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcę	filmoznawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawco	filmoznawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcom	filmoznawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawców	filmoznawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawców	filmoznawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcy	filmoznawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcy	filmoznawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcy	filmoznawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcy	filmoznawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcy	filmoznawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczościach	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczościami	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczością	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczości	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczościom	filmoznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczość	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawczość	filmoznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawcza	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filmoznawczą	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filmoznawczą	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filmoznawcze	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawcze	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawcze	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawcze	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawczego	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filmoznawczego	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawczej	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filmoznawczej	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filmoznawczej	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filmoznawczemu	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawczo	filmoznawczy	adja		
filmoznawczych	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filmoznawczych	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawczych	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawczy	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filmoznawczy	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filmoznawczy	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filmoznawczym	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawczym	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawczym	filmoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filmoznawczymi	filmoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filmoznawstwach	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwa	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwa	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwa	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwa	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwami	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwem	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstw	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwie	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwo	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwo	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwo	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwom	filmoznawstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmoznawstwu	filmoznawstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
filmówce	filmówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówce	filmówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówek	filmówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówkach	filmówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówka	filmówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówkami	filmówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówką	filmówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówkę	filmówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówki	filmówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówki	filmówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówki	filmówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówki	filmówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówko	filmówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filmówkom	filmówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarscy	filobułgarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filobułgarska	filobułgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filobułgarską	filobułgarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filobułgarską	filobułgarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filobułgarskich	filobułgarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filobułgarskich	filobułgarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarskich	filobułgarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarskie	filobułgarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarskie	filobułgarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarskie	filobułgarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarskie	filobułgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarskiego	filobułgarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filobułgarskiego	filobułgarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarskiej	filobułgarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filobułgarskiej	filobułgarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filobułgarskiej	filobułgarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filobułgarskiemu	filobułgarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarski	filobułgarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filobułgarski	filobułgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filobułgarskim	filobułgarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarskim	filobułgarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarskim	filobułgarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filobułgarskimi	filobułgarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filobułgarsko	filobułgarski	adja		
filobułgarsku	filobułgarski	adjp		
filobułgarsko	filobułgarsko	adv:pos		
filobułgarskościach	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskościami	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskością	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskości	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskościom	filobułgarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskość	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filobułgarskość	filobułgarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonach	filochinon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonami	filochinon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonem	filochinon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinon	filochinon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinon	filochinon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonie	filochinon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonie	filochinon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonom	filochinon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonowi	filochinon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonów	filochinon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinonu	filochinon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinony	filochinon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinony	filochinon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filochinony	filochinon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filodendronach	filodendron	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronach	filodendron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronach	filodendron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendrona	filodendron	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendrona	filodendron	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendrona	filodendron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronami	filodendron	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronami	filodendron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronami	filodendron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronem	filodendron	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronem	filodendron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronem	filodendron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendron	filodendron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendron	filodendron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendron	filodendron	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendron	filodendron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendron	filodendron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronie	filodendron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronom	filodendron	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronom	filodendron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronom	filodendron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronowi	filodendron	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronowi	filodendron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronowi	filodendron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronów	filodendron	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendronów	filodendron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendronów	filodendron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendronu	filodendron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
filodendrony	filodendron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.|rzad.
filoforach	filofora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofora	filofora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforami	filofora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforą	filofora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforę	filofora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofor	filofora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforo	filofora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforom	filofora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofory	filofora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofory	filofora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofory	filofora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofory	filofora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforze	filofora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoforze	filofora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuscy	filofrancuski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filofrancuska	filofrancuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filofrancuską	filofrancuski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filofrancuską	filofrancuski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filofrancuskich	filofrancuski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filofrancuskich	filofrancuski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancuskich	filofrancuski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancuskie	filofrancuski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancuskie	filofrancuski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancuskie	filofrancuski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuskie	filofrancuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuskiego	filofrancuski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filofrancuskiego	filofrancuski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuskiej	filofrancuski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filofrancuskiej	filofrancuski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filofrancuskiej	filofrancuski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filofrancuskiemu	filofrancuski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuski	filofrancuski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filofrancuski	filofrancuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filofrancuskim	filofrancuski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancuskim	filofrancuski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuskim	filofrancuski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filofrancuskimi	filofrancuski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filofrancusko	filofrancuski	adja		
filofrancusku	filofrancuski	adjp		
filofrancusko	filofrancusko	adv:pos		
filofrancuskościach	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskościami	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskością	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskości	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskościom	filofrancuskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskość	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filofrancuskość	filofrancuskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetycznie	filogenetycznie	adv:pos		
filogenetycznościach	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetycznościami	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetycznością	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczności	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetycznościom	filogenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczność	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczność	filogenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyczna	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filogenetyczną	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filogenetyczną	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filogenetyczne	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetyczne	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetyczne	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filogenetyczne	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filogenetycznego	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filogenetycznego	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filogenetycznej	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filogenetycznej	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filogenetycznej	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filogenetycznemu	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filogenetyczni	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filogenetyczno	filogenetyczny	adja		
filogenetycznych	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filogenetycznych	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetycznych	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetyczny	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filogenetyczny	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filogenetycznym	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetycznym	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filogenetycznym	filogenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filogenetycznymi	filogenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filogenetyce	filogenetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyce	filogenetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetykach	filogenetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyka	filogenetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetykami	filogenetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyką	filogenetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetykę	filogenetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyk	filogenetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyki	filogenetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyki	filogenetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyki	filogenetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyki	filogenetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetyko	filogenetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenetykom	filogenetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezach	filogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogeneza	filogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezami	filogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezą	filogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezę	filogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenez	filogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezie	filogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezie	filogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezo	filogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezom	filogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezy	filogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezy	filogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezy	filogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenezy	filogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogeniach	filogenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenia	filogenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogeniami	filogenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenią	filogenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenie	filogenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenie	filogenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenie	filogenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenię	filogenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenii	filogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filogenii	filogenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenii	filogenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenii	filogenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogenij	filogenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filogenio	filogenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filogeniom	filogenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusach	filokaktus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusa	filokaktus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusami	filokaktus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusem	filokaktus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktus	filokaktus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktus	filokaktus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusie	filokaktus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusie	filokaktus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusom	filokaktus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusowi	filokaktus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusów	filokaktus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusy	filokaktus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusy	filokaktus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokaktusy	filokaktus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filokserach	filoksera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksera	filoksera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserami	filoksera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserą	filoksera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserę	filoksera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokser	filoksera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksero	filoksera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserom	filoksera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksery	filoksera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksery	filoksera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksery	filoksera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filoksery	filoksera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserze	filoksera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filokserze	filoksera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filolodzy	filolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filolodzy	filolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologach	filolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologa	filolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologa	filolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologami	filolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filolog	filolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologiem	filolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologi	filolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filologi	filolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filologom	filolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologowie	filolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologowie	filolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologowi	filolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologów	filolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologów	filolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologu	filolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologu	filolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filologiach	filologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologia	filologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiami	filologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologią	filologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologie	filologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologie	filologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologie	filologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologię	filologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologii	filologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filologii	filologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologii	filologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologii	filologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologij	filologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filologio	filologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiom	filologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologicznie	filologicznie	adv:pos		
filologicznościach	filologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologicznościami	filologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologicznością	filologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczności	filologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologicznościom	filologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczność	filologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczność	filologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filologiczna	filologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filologiczną	filologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filologiczną	filologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filologiczne	filologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filologiczne	filologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filologiczne	filologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filologiczne	filologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filologicznego	filologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filologicznego	filologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filologicznej	filologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filologicznej	filologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filologicznej	filologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filologicznemu	filologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filologiczni	filologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filologiczno	filologiczny	adja		
filologicznych	filologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filologicznych	filologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filologicznych	filologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filologiczny	filologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filologiczny	filologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filologicznym	filologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filologicznym	filologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filologicznym	filologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filologicznymi	filologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomaccy	filomacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filomacka	filomacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filomacką	filomacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filomacką	filomacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filomackich	filomacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filomackich	filomacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomackich	filomacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomackie	filomacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filomackie	filomacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filomackie	filomacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filomackie	filomacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filomackiego	filomacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filomackiego	filomacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomackiej	filomacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filomackiej	filomacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filomackiej	filomacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filomackiemu	filomacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomacki	filomacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filomacki	filomacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filomackim	filomacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomackim	filomacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomackim	filomacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomackimi	filomacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomacko	filomacki	adja		
filomacku	filomacki	adjp		
filomacko	filomacko	adv:pos		
filomackościach	filomackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackościami	filomackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackością	filomackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackości	filomackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackościom	filomackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackość	filomackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomackość	filomackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomacie	filomat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomacie	filomat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaci	filomat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaci	filomat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatach	filomat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomata	filomat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomata	filomat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatami	filomat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatem	filomat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomat	filomat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatom	filomat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatowi	filomat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatów	filomat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatów	filomat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaty	filomat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filomaty	filomat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filomacie	filomata	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomacie	filomata	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaci	filomata	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaci	filomata	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatach	filomata	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomata	filomata	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatami	filomata	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatą	filomata	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatę	filomata	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomato	filomata	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatom	filomata	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatów	filomata	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatów	filomata	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomaty	filomata	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filomaty	filomata	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filomaty	filomata	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filomatycznościach	filomatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatycznościami	filomatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatycznością	filomatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczności	filomatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatycznościom	filomatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczność	filomatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczność	filomatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyczna	filomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filomatyczną	filomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filomatyczną	filomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filomatyczne	filomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filomatyczne	filomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filomatyczne	filomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filomatyczne	filomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filomatycznego	filomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filomatycznego	filomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomatycznej	filomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filomatycznej	filomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filomatycznej	filomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filomatycznemu	filomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomatyczni	filomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filomatyczno	filomatyczny	adja		
filomatycznych	filomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filomatycznych	filomatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomatycznych	filomatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomatyczny	filomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filomatyczny	filomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filomatycznym	filomatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomatycznym	filomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomatycznym	filomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filomatycznymi	filomatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filomatyzmach	filomatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmami	filomatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmem	filomatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzm	filomatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzm	filomatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmie	filomatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmie	filomatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmom	filomatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmowi	filomatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmów	filomatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmu	filomatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmy	filomatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmy	filomatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filomatyzmy	filomatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmach	filonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmami	filonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmem	filonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizm	filonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizm	filonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmie	filonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmie	filonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmom	filonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmowi	filonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmów	filonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmu	filonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmy	filonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmy	filonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filonizmy	filonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filopolscy	filopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filopolska	filopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filopolską	filopolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filopolską	filopolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filopolskich	filopolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filopolskich	filopolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filopolskich	filopolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filopolskie	filopolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filopolskie	filopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filopolskie	filopolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filopolskie	filopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filopolskiego	filopolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filopolskiego	filopolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filopolskiej	filopolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filopolskiej	filopolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filopolskiej	filopolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filopolskiemu	filopolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filopolski	filopolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filopolski	filopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filopolskim	filopolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filopolskim	filopolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filopolskim	filopolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filopolskimi	filopolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filopolsko	filopolski	adja		
filopolsku	filopolski	adjp		
filopolsko	filopolsko	adv:pos		
filopolskościach	filopolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskościami	filopolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskością	filopolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskości	filopolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskościom	filopolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskość	filopolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filopolskość	filopolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filorosyjscy	filorosyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filorosyjska	filorosyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filorosyjską	filorosyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filorosyjską	filorosyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filorosyjskich	filorosyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filorosyjskich	filorosyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjskich	filorosyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjskie	filorosyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjskie	filorosyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjskie	filorosyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjskie	filorosyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjskiego	filorosyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filorosyjskiego	filorosyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjskiej	filorosyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filorosyjskiej	filorosyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filorosyjskiej	filorosyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filorosyjskiemu	filorosyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjski	filorosyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filorosyjski	filorosyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filorosyjskim	filorosyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjskim	filorosyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjskim	filorosyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filorosyjskimi	filorosyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filorosyjsko	filorosyjski	adja		
filorosyjsku	filorosyjski	adjp		
filosemiccy	filosemicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filosemicka	filosemicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filosemicką	filosemicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filosemicką	filosemicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filosemickich	filosemicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filosemickich	filosemicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filosemickich	filosemicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filosemickie	filosemicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filosemickie	filosemicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filosemickie	filosemicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filosemickie	filosemicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filosemickiego	filosemicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filosemickiego	filosemicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filosemickiej	filosemicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filosemickiej	filosemicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filosemickiej	filosemicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filosemickiemu	filosemicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filosemicki	filosemicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filosemicki	filosemicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filosemickim	filosemicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filosemickim	filosemicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filosemickim	filosemicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filosemickimi	filosemicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filosemicko	filosemicki	adja		
filosemicku	filosemicki	adjp		
filosemicko	filosemicko	adv:pos		
filosemickościach	filosemickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickościami	filosemickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickością	filosemickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickości	filosemickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickościom	filosemickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickość	filosemickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemickość	filosemickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemicie	filosemita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemicie	filosemita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemici	filosemita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemici	filosemita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitach	filosemita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemita	filosemita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitami	filosemita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitą	filosemita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitę	filosemita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemito	filosemita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitom	filosemita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitów	filosemita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitów	filosemita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemity	filosemita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filosemity	filosemita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filosemity	filosemita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitce	filosemitka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitce	filosemitka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitek	filosemitka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitkach	filosemitka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitka	filosemitka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitkami	filosemitka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitką	filosemitka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitkę	filosemitka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitki	filosemitka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitki	filosemitka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitki	filosemitka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitki	filosemitka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitko	filosemitka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemitkom	filosemitka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmach	filosemityzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmami	filosemityzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmem	filosemityzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzm	filosemityzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzm	filosemityzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmie	filosemityzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmie	filosemityzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmom	filosemityzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmowi	filosemityzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmów	filosemityzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmu	filosemityzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmy	filosemityzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmy	filosemityzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filosemityzmy	filosemityzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filować	filować	inf:imperf		
filowaliby	filować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filowalibyście	filować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filowalibyśmy	filować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filowali	filować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filowali	filować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filowaliście	filować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filowaliśmy	filować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filowałaby	filować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filowałabym	filować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filowałabyś	filować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filowała	filować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filowała	filować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filowałam	filować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filowałaś	filować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filowałby	filować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filowałbym	filować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filowałbyś	filować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filowałem	filować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filowałeś	filować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filował	filować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filował	filować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filowałoby	filować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filowałobym	filować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filowałobyś	filować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filowało	filować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filowało	filować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filowałom	filować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filowałoś	filować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filowałyby	filować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filowałybyście	filować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filowałybyśmy	filować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filowały	filować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filowały	filować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filowałyście	filować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filowałyśmy	filować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filowaniach	filować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filowania	filować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filowania	filować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filowaniami	filować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filowanie	filować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filowaniem	filować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filowaniom	filować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filowaniu	filować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filowano	filować	imps:imperf		
filowań	filować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filująca	filować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filującą	filować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filujące	filować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filujące	filować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filującego	filować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filującego	filować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filującej	filować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filującemu	filować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filując	filować	pcon:imperf		
filująco	filować	pacta		
filujących	filować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filujących	filować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filujący	filować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filujący	filować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filujący	filować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filującym	filować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filującym	filować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filującymi	filować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filują	filować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filujcie	filować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filujecie	filować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filuje	filować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filujemy	filować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filujesz	filować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filuję	filować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filuj	filować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filujmy	filować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filozofach	filozof	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofa	filozof	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofa	filozof	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofami	filozof	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofem	filozof	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozof	filozof	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofie	filozof	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofie	filozof	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofom	filozof	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofowie	filozof	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofowie	filozof	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofowi	filozof	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofów	filozof	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofów	filozof	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filozofy	filozof	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filozofy	filozof	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filozofiach	filozofia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofia	filozofia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofiami	filozofia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofią	filozofia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofie	filozofia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofie	filozofia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofie	filozofia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofię	filozofia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofii	filozofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filozofii	filozofia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofii	filozofia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofii	filozofia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofij	filozofia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filozofio	filozofia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofiom	filozofia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficznie	filozoficznie	adv:pos		
filozoficznościach	filozoficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficznościami	filozoficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficznością	filozoficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzności	filozoficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficznościom	filozoficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzność	filozoficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzność	filozoficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozoficzna	filozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filozoficzną	filozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filozoficzną	filozoficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filozoficzne	filozoficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filozoficzne	filozoficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filozoficzne	filozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filozoficzne	filozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filozoficznego	filozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filozoficznego	filozoficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filozoficznej	filozoficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filozoficznej	filozoficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filozoficznej	filozoficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filozoficznemu	filozoficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filozoficzni	filozoficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filozoficzno	filozoficzny	adja		
filozoficznych	filozoficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filozoficznych	filozoficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filozoficznych	filozoficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filozoficzny	filozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filozoficzny	filozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filozoficznym	filozoficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filozoficznym	filozoficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filozoficznym	filozoficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filozoficznymi	filozoficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filozofijce	filozofijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijce	filozofijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijek	filozofijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijkach	filozofijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijka	filozofijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijkami	filozofijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijką	filozofijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijkę	filozofijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijki	filozofijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijki	filozofijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijki	filozofijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijki	filozofijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijko	filozofijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofijkom	filozofijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmach	filozofizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmami	filozofizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmem	filozofizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizm	filozofizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizm	filozofizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmie	filozofizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmie	filozofizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmom	filozofizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmowi	filozofizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmów	filozofizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmu	filozofizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmy	filozofizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmy	filozofizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofizmy	filozofizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filozofce	filozofka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofce	filozofka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofek	filozofka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofkach	filozofka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofka	filozofka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofkami	filozofka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofką	filozofka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofkę	filozofka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofki	filozofka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofki	filozofka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofki	filozofka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofki	filozofka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofko	filozofka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofkom	filozofka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filozofować	filozofować	inf:imperf		
filozofowaliby	filozofować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filozofowalibyście	filozofować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filozofowalibyśmy	filozofować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filozofowali	filozofować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filozofowali	filozofować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filozofowaliście	filozofować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filozofowaliśmy	filozofować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filozofowałaby	filozofować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filozofowałabym	filozofować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filozofowałabyś	filozofować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filozofowała	filozofować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filozofowała	filozofować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filozofowałam	filozofować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filozofowałaś	filozofować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filozofowałby	filozofować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filozofowałbym	filozofować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filozofowałbyś	filozofować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filozofowałem	filozofować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filozofowałeś	filozofować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filozofował	filozofować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filozofował	filozofować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filozofowałoby	filozofować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filozofowałobym	filozofować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filozofowałobyś	filozofować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filozofowało	filozofować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filozofowało	filozofować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filozofowałom	filozofować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filozofowałoś	filozofować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filozofowałyby	filozofować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filozofowałybyście	filozofować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filozofowałybyśmy	filozofować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filozofowały	filozofować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filozofowały	filozofować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filozofowałyście	filozofować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filozofowałyśmy	filozofować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filozofowaniach	filozofować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowania	filozofować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowania	filozofować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowaniami	filozofować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowanie	filozofować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowaniem	filozofować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowaniom	filozofować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowaniu	filozofować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofowano	filozofować	imps:imperf		
filozofowań	filozofować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filozofująca	filozofować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filozofującą	filozofować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filozofujące	filozofować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filozofujące	filozofować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filozofującego	filozofować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filozofującego	filozofować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filozofującej	filozofować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filozofującemu	filozofować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filozofując	filozofować	pcon:imperf		
filozofująco	filozofować	pacta		
filozofujących	filozofować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filozofujących	filozofować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filozofujący	filozofować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filozofujący	filozofować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filozofujący	filozofować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filozofującym	filozofować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filozofującym	filozofować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filozofującymi	filozofować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filozofują	filozofować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filozofujcie	filozofować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filozofujecie	filozofować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filozofuje	filozofować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filozofujemy	filozofować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filozofujesz	filozofować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filozofuję	filozofować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filozofuj	filozofować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filozofujmy	filozofować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filozofscy	filozofski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filozofska	filozofski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
filozofską	filozofski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
filozofską	filozofski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
filozofskich	filozofski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filozofskich	filozofski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofskich	filozofski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofskie	filozofski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofskie	filozofski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofskie	filozofski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofskie	filozofski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofskiego	filozofski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
filozofskiego	filozofski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofskiej	filozofski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
filozofskiej	filozofski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
filozofskiej	filozofski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
filozofskiemu	filozofski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofski	filozofski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
filozofski	filozofski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
filozofskim	filozofski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofskim	filozofski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofskim	filozofski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filozofskimi	filozofski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filozofsko	filozofski	adja		daw.
filozofsku	filozofski	adjp		daw.
filozofsko	filozofsko	adv:pos		daw.
filozofskościach	filozofskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskościami	filozofskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskością	filozofskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskości	filozofskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskościom	filozofskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskość	filozofskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filozofskość	filozofskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filtrach	filtr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtra	filtr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrami	filtr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrem	filtr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtr	filtr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtr	filtr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrom	filtr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowi	filtr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrów	filtr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtru	filtr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtry	filtr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtry	filtr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtry	filtr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrze	filtr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrze	filtr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtracjach	filtracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracja	filtracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracjami	filtracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracją	filtracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracje	filtracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracje	filtracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracje	filtracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrację	filtracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracji	filtracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filtracji	filtracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracji	filtracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracji	filtracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracjo	filtracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracjom	filtracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyj	filtracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filtracyjnościach	filtracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjnościami	filtracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjnością	filtracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjności	filtracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjnościom	filtracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjność	filtracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjność	filtracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtracyjna	filtracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filtracyjną	filtracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filtracyjną	filtracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filtracyjne	filtracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filtracyjne	filtracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filtracyjne	filtracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjne	filtracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjnego	filtracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filtracyjnego	filtracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjnej	filtracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filtracyjnej	filtracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filtracyjnej	filtracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filtracyjnemu	filtracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjni	filtracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filtracyjno	filtracyjny	adja		
filtracyjnych	filtracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filtracyjnych	filtracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtracyjnych	filtracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtracyjny	filtracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filtracyjny	filtracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filtracyjnym	filtracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtracyjnym	filtracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjnym	filtracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtracyjnymi	filtracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtracie	filtrat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtracie	filtrat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratach	filtrat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratami	filtrat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratem	filtrat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrat	filtrat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtrat	filtrat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratom	filtrat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratowi	filtrat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratów	filtrat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratu	filtrat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtraty	filtrat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtraty	filtrat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtraty	filtrat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorach	filtrator	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratora	filtrator	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratora	filtrator	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorami	filtrator	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorem	filtrator	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtrator	filtrator	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorom	filtrator	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorowi	filtrator	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorów	filtrator	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratory	filtrator	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratory	filtrator	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratory	filtrator	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorze	filtrator	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtratorze	filtrator	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filtrować	filtrować	inf:imperf		
filtrowaliby	filtrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filtrowalibyście	filtrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filtrowalibyśmy	filtrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filtrowali	filtrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
filtrowali	filtrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
filtrowaliście	filtrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
filtrowaliśmy	filtrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
filtrowałaby	filtrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filtrowałabym	filtrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filtrowałabyś	filtrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filtrowała	filtrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
filtrowała	filtrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
filtrowałam	filtrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
filtrowałaś	filtrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
filtrowałby	filtrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filtrowałbym	filtrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filtrowałbyś	filtrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filtrowałem	filtrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
filtrowałeś	filtrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
filtrował	filtrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
filtrował	filtrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
filtrowałoby	filtrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filtrowałobym	filtrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filtrowałobyś	filtrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filtrowało	filtrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
filtrowało	filtrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
filtrowałom	filtrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
filtrowałoś	filtrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
filtrowałyby	filtrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filtrowałybyście	filtrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filtrowałybyśmy	filtrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filtrowały	filtrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
filtrowały	filtrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
filtrowałyście	filtrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
filtrowałyśmy	filtrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
filtrowana	filtrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filtrowaną	filtrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filtrowane	filtrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrowane	filtrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowanego	filtrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filtrowanego	filtrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowanej	filtrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filtrowanemu	filtrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowaniach	filtrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowania	filtrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowania	filtrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowaniami	filtrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowanie	filtrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowaniem	filtrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowani	filtrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filtrowaniom	filtrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowaniu	filtrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowano	filtrować	imps:imperf		
filtrowanych	filtrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filtrowanych	filtrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrowany	filtrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filtrowany	filtrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filtrowanym	filtrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrowanym	filtrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrowanymi	filtrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrowań	filtrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
filtrująca	filtrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
filtrującą	filtrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
filtrujące	filtrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrujące	filtrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrującego	filtrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
filtrującego	filtrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrującej	filtrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
filtrującemu	filtrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrując	filtrować	pcon:imperf		
filtrująco	filtrować	pacta		
filtrujących	filtrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filtrujących	filtrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrujący	filtrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
filtrujący	filtrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
filtrujący	filtrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
filtrującym	filtrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrującym	filtrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
filtrującymi	filtrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
filtrują	filtrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
filtrujcie	filtrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
filtrujecie	filtrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
filtruje	filtrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
filtrujemy	filtrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
filtrujesz	filtrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
filtruję	filtrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
filtruj	filtrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
filtrujmy	filtrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
filtrowościach	filtrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowościami	filtrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowością	filtrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowości	filtrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowościom	filtrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowość	filtrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowość	filtrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filtrowa	filtrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filtrową	filtrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filtrową	filtrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filtrowe	filtrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filtrowe	filtrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filtrowe	filtrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filtrowe	filtrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filtrowego	filtrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filtrowego	filtrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtrowej	filtrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filtrowej	filtrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filtrowej	filtrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filtrowemu	filtrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtrowi	filtrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filtrowo	filtrowy	adja		
filtrowych	filtrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filtrowych	filtrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtrowych	filtrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtrowy	filtrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filtrowy	filtrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filtrowym	filtrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filtrowym	filtrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtrowym	filtrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filtrowymi	filtrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filucikach	filucik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucika	filucik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucika	filucik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucikami	filucik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucik	filucik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucikiem	filucik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuciki	filucik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filuciki	filucik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filucikom	filucik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucikowie	filucik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucikowie	filucik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucikowi	filucik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucików	filucik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucików	filucik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuciku	filucik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuciku	filucik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuccy	filucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filucka	filucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
filucką	filucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
filucką	filucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
filuckich	filucki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filuckich	filucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuckich	filucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuckie	filucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuckie	filucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuckie	filucki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuckie	filucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuckiego	filucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
filuckiego	filucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuckiej	filucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
filuckiej	filucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
filuckiej	filucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
filuckiemu	filucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filucki	filucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
filucki	filucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
filuckim	filucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuckim	filucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuckim	filucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuckimi	filucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filucko	filucki	adja		daw.
filucku	filucki	adjp		daw.
filucko	filucko	adv:pos		
filuckościach	filuckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckościami	filuckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckością	filuckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckości	filuckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckościom	filuckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckość	filuckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuckość	filuckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filumenistach	filumenista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenista	filumenista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistami	filumenista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistą	filumenista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistę	filumenista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenisto	filumenista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistom	filumenista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistów	filumenista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistów	filumenista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenisty	filumenista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filumenisty	filumenista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filumenisty	filumenista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumeniście	filumenista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumeniście	filumenista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumeniści	filumenista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumeniści	filumenista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistycznościach	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistycznościami	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistycznością	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczności	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistycznościom	filumenistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczność	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczność	filumenistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyczna	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filumenistyczną	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filumenistyczną	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filumenistyczne	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistyczne	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistyczne	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filumenistyczne	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filumenistycznego	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filumenistycznego	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filumenistycznej	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filumenistycznej	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filumenistycznej	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filumenistycznemu	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filumenistyczni	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filumenistyczno	filumenistyczny	adja		
filumenistycznych	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filumenistycznych	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistycznych	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistyczny	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filumenistyczny	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filumenistycznym	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistycznym	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filumenistycznym	filumenistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filumenistycznymi	filumenistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filumenistyce	filumenistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyce	filumenistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistykach	filumenistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyka	filumenistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistykami	filumenistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyką	filumenistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistykę	filumenistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyk	filumenistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyki	filumenistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyki	filumenistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyki	filumenistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyki	filumenistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistyko	filumenistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filumenistykom	filumenistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filunek	filunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunek	filunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunkach	filunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunkami	filunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunkiem	filunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunki	filunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunki	filunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunki	filunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunkom	filunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunkowi	filunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunków	filunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunku	filunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunku	filunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunku	filunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungach	filung	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filunga	filung	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungami	filung	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filung	filung	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filung	filung	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungiem	filung	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungi	filung	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungi	filung	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungi	filung	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungom	filung	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungowi	filung	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungów	filung	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungu	filung	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungu	filung	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungu	filung	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filungowościach	filungowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowościami	filungowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowością	filungowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowości	filungowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowościom	filungowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowość	filungowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowość	filungowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filungowa	filungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filungową	filungowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filungową	filungowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filungowe	filungowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filungowe	filungowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filungowe	filungowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filungowe	filungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filungowego	filungowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filungowego	filungowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filungowej	filungowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filungowej	filungowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filungowej	filungowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filungowemu	filungowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filungowi	filungowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filungowo	filungowy	adja		
filungowych	filungowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filungowych	filungowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filungowych	filungowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filungowy	filungowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filungowy	filungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filungowym	filungowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filungowym	filungowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filungowym	filungowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filungowymi	filungowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filucie	filut	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filucie	filut	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuci	filut	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuci	filut	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutach	filut	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuta	filut	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuta	filut	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutami	filut	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutem	filut	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filut	filut	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutom	filut	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutowi	filut	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutów	filut	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filutów	filut	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
filuty	filut	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filuty	filut	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
filutek	filutek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkach	filutek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutka	filutek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutka	filutek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkami	filutek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkiem	filutek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutki	filutek:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutki	filutek:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkom	filutek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkowie	filutek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkowie	filutek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutkowi	filutek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutków	filutek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutków	filutek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutku	filutek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutku	filutek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutek	filutek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutek	filutek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutkach	filutek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutka	filutek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutkami	filutek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutkiem	filutek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutkom	filutek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutkowi	filutek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutków	filutek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutku	filutek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filutku	filutek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
filuteriach	filuteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuteria	filuteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuteriami	filuteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterią	filuteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterie	filuteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterie	filuteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterie	filuteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterię	filuteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterii	filuteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
filuterii	filuteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterii	filuteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterii	filuteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterio	filuteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuteriom	filuteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuteryj	filuteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
filuternie	filuternie	adv:pos		
filuterniej	filuternie	adv:com		
filuternościach	filuterność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuternościami	filuterność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuternością	filuterność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterności	filuterność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuternościom	filuterność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterność	filuterność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterność	filuterność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filuterna	filuterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filuterną	filuterny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filuterną	filuterny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filuterne	filuterny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filuterne	filuterny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filuterne	filuterny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filuterne	filuterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filuternego	filuterny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filuternego	filuterny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filuternej	filuterny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filuternej	filuterny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filuternej	filuterny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filuternemu	filuterny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filuterni	filuterny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filuterno	filuterny	adja		
filuternych	filuterny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filuternych	filuterny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filuternych	filuterny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filuterny	filuterny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filuterny	filuterny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filuternym	filuterny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filuternym	filuterny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filuternym	filuterny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filuternymi	filuterny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filuterscy	filuterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filuterska	filuterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
filuterską	filuterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
filuterską	filuterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
filuterskich	filuterski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
filuterskich	filuterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuterskich	filuterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuterskie	filuterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuterskie	filuterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuterskie	filuterski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterskie	filuterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterskiego	filuterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
filuterskiego	filuterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterskiej	filuterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
filuterskiej	filuterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
filuterskiej	filuterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
filuterskiemu	filuterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterski	filuterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
filuterski	filuterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
filuterskim	filuterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filuterskim	filuterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterskim	filuterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
filuterskimi	filuterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
filutersko	filuterski	adja		daw.
filutersku	filuterski	adjp		daw.
filutersko	filutersko	adv:pos		daw.
filuterskościach	filuterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskościami	filuterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskością	filuterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskości	filuterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskościom	filuterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskość	filuterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterskość	filuterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filuterstwach	filuterstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwa	filuterstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwa	filuterstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwa	filuterstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwa	filuterstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwami	filuterstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwem	filuterstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstw	filuterstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwie	filuterstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwo	filuterstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwo	filuterstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwo	filuterstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwom	filuterstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filuterstwu	filuterstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
filutce	filutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutce	filutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutek	filutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutkach	filutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutka	filutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutkami	filutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutką	filutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutkę	filutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutki	filutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutko	filutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutkom	filutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutostwach	filutostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwa	filutostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwa	filutostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwa	filutostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwa	filutostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwami	filutostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwem	filutostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostw	filutostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwie	filutostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwo	filutostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwo	filutostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwo	filutostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwom	filutostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutostwu	filutostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
filutowatościach	filutowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatościami	filutowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatością	filutowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatości	filutowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatościom	filutowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatość	filutowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowatość	filutowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
filutowaci	filutowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
filutowata	filutowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
filutowatą	filutowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
filutowatą	filutowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
filutowate	filutowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filutowate	filutowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
filutowate	filutowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
filutowate	filutowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
filutowatego	filutowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
filutowatego	filutowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filutowatej	filutowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
filutowatej	filutowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
filutowatej	filutowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
filutowatemu	filutowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filutowato	filutowaty	adja		
filutowatych	filutowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
filutowatych	filutowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filutowatych	filutowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filutowaty	filutowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
filutowaty	filutowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
filutowatym	filutowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
filutowatym	filutowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filutowatym	filutowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
filutowatymi	filutowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fimfach	fimfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfa	fimfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfami	fimfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfą	fimfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfę	fimfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimf	fimfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfie	fimfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfie	fimfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfo	fimfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfom	fimfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfy	fimfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfy	fimfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfy	fimfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fimfy	fimfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finalikach	finalik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalika	finalik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalikami	finalik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalik	finalik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalik	finalik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalikiem	finalik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliki	finalik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliki	finalik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliki	finalik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalikom	finalik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalikowi	finalik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalików	finalik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliku	finalik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliku	finalik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finaliku	finalik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalistach	finalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalista	finalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistami	finalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistą	finalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistę	finalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalisto	finalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistom	finalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistów	finalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistów	finalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalisty	finalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finalisty	finalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finalisty	finalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finaliście	finalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finaliście	finalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finaliści	finalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finaliści	finalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finalistce	finalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistce	finalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistek	finalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistkach	finalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistka	finalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistkami	finalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistką	finalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistkę	finalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistki	finalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistki	finalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistki	finalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistki	finalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistko	finalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistkom	finalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistycznościach	finalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistycznościami	finalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistycznością	finalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczności	finalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistycznościom	finalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczność	finalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczność	finalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalistyczna	finalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finalistyczną	finalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finalistyczną	finalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finalistyczne	finalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finalistyczne	finalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finalistyczne	finalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finalistyczne	finalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finalistycznego	finalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finalistycznego	finalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finalistycznej	finalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finalistycznej	finalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finalistycznej	finalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finalistycznemu	finalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finalistyczni	finalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finalistyczno	finalistyczny	adja		
finalistycznych	finalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finalistycznych	finalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finalistycznych	finalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finalistyczny	finalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finalistyczny	finalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finalistycznym	finalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finalistycznym	finalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finalistycznym	finalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finalistycznymi	finalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finalizacjach	finalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacja	finalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacjami	finalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacją	finalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacje	finalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacje	finalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacje	finalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizację	finalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacji	finalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
finalizacji	finalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacji	finalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacji	finalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacjo	finalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacjom	finalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finalizacyj	finalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
finalizmach	finalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmami	finalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmem	finalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizm	finalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizm	finalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmie	finalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmie	finalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmom	finalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmowi	finalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmów	finalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmu	finalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmy	finalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmy	finalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizmy	finalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finalizować	finalizować	inf:imperf		
finalizowaliby	finalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finalizowalibyście	finalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finalizowalibyśmy	finalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finalizowali	finalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
finalizowali	finalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finalizowaliście	finalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finalizowaliśmy	finalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finalizowałaby	finalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finalizowałabym	finalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finalizowałabyś	finalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finalizowała	finalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
finalizowała	finalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finalizowałam	finalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finalizowałaś	finalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finalizowałby	finalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finalizowałbym	finalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finalizowałbyś	finalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finalizowałem	finalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finalizowałeś	finalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finalizował	finalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
finalizował	finalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finalizowałoby	finalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finalizowałobym	finalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finalizowałobyś	finalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finalizowało	finalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
finalizowało	finalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finalizowałom	finalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finalizowałoś	finalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finalizowałyby	finalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finalizowałybyście	finalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finalizowałybyśmy	finalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finalizowały	finalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
finalizowały	finalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finalizowałyście	finalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finalizowałyśmy	finalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finalizowana	finalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finalizowaną	finalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finalizowane	finalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizowane	finalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowanego	finalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finalizowanego	finalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowanej	finalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finalizowanemu	finalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowaniach	finalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowania	finalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowania	finalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowaniami	finalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowanie	finalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowaniem	finalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowani	finalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finalizowaniom	finalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowaniu	finalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowano	finalizować	imps:imperf		
finalizowanych	finalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finalizowanych	finalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizowany	finalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finalizowany	finalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finalizowanym	finalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizowanym	finalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizowanymi	finalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizowań	finalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finalizująca	finalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finalizującą	finalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finalizujące	finalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizujące	finalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizującego	finalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finalizującego	finalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizującej	finalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finalizującemu	finalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizując	finalizować	pcon:imperf		
finalizująco	finalizować	pacta		
finalizujących	finalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finalizujących	finalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizujący	finalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finalizujący	finalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finalizujący	finalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finalizującym	finalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizującym	finalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finalizującymi	finalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finalizują	finalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
finalizujcie	finalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
finalizujecie	finalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
finalizuje	finalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
finalizujemy	finalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
finalizujesz	finalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
finalizuję	finalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
finalizuj	finalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
finalizujmy	finalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
finalnie	finalnie	adv:pos		daw.
finalnościach	finalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalnościami	finalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalnością	finalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalności	finalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalnościom	finalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalność	finalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalność	finalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finalna	finalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
finalną	finalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
finalną	finalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
finalne	finalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finalne	finalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finalne	finalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalne	finalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalnego	finalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
finalnego	finalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalnej	finalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
finalnej	finalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
finalnej	finalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
finalnemu	finalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalni	finalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
finalno	finalny	adja		daw.
finalnych	finalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
finalnych	finalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finalnych	finalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finalny	finalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
finalny	finalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
finalnym	finalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finalnym	finalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalnym	finalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
finalnymi	finalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
finale	finał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finale	finał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałach	finał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałami	finał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałem	finał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finał	finał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finał	finał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałom	finał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałowi	finał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałów	finał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finału	finał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finały	finał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finały	finał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finały	finał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałek	finałek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałek	finałek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałkach	finałek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałkami	finałek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałkiem	finałek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałki	finałek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałki	finałek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałki	finałek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałkom	finałek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałkowi	finałek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałków	finałek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałku	finałek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałku	finałek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałku	finałek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finałowościach	finałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowościami	finałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowością	finałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowości	finałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowościom	finałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowość	finałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowość	finałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finałowa	finałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finałową	finałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finałową	finałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finałowe	finałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finałowe	finałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finałowe	finałowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finałowe	finałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finałowego	finałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finałowego	finałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finałowej	finałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finałowej	finałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finałowej	finałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finałowemu	finałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finałowi	finałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finałowo	finałowy	adja		
finałowych	finałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finałowych	finałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finałowych	finałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finałowy	finałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finałowy	finałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finałowym	finałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finałowym	finałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finałowym	finałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finałowymi	finałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finansach	finanse	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finansami	finanse	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finanse	finanse	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finanse	finanse	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finanse	finanse	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finansom	finanse	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finansów	finanse	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
finanserach	finanser	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finansera	finanser	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finansera	finanser	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserami	finanser	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserem	finanser	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanser	finanser	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserom	finanser	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserowi	finanser	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserów	finanser	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserów	finanser	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finansery	finanser	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finansery	finanser	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserze	finanser	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserze	finanser	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserzy	finanser	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finanserzy	finanser	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finansistach	finansista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansista	finansista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistami	finansista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistą	finansista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistę	finansista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansisto	finansista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistom	finansista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistów	finansista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistów	finansista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansisty	finansista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finansisty	finansista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finansisty	finansista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansiście	finansista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansiście	finansista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansiści	finansista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansiści	finansista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansistce	finansistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistce	finansistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistek	finansistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistkach	finansistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistka	finansistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistkami	finansistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistką	finansistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistkę	finansistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistki	finansistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistki	finansistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistki	finansistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistki	finansistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistko	finansistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansistkom	finansistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerach	finansjera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjera	finansjera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerami	finansjera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerą	finansjera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerę	finansjera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjer	finansjera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjero	finansjera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerom	finansjera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjery	finansjera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjery	finansjera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjery	finansjera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjery	finansjera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerze	finansjera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansjerze	finansjera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansować	finansować	inf:imperf		
finansowaliby	finansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finansowalibyście	finansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finansowalibyśmy	finansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finansowali	finansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
finansowali	finansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finansowaliście	finansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finansowaliśmy	finansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finansowałaby	finansować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finansowałabym	finansować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finansowałabyś	finansować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finansowała	finansować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
finansowała	finansować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finansowałam	finansować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finansowałaś	finansować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finansowałby	finansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finansowałbym	finansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finansowałbyś	finansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finansowałem	finansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finansowałeś	finansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finansował	finansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
finansował	finansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finansowałoby	finansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finansowałobym	finansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finansowałobyś	finansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finansowało	finansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
finansowało	finansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finansowałom	finansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finansowałoś	finansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finansowałyby	finansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finansowałybyście	finansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finansowałybyśmy	finansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finansowały	finansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
finansowały	finansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finansowałyście	finansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finansowałyśmy	finansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finansowana	finansować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finansowaną	finansować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finansowane	finansować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansowane	finansować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansowanego	finansować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finansowanego	finansować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansowanej	finansować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finansowanemu	finansować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansowaniach	finansować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowania	finansować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowania	finansować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowaniami	finansować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowanie	finansować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowaniem	finansować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowani	finansować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finansowaniom	finansować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowaniu	finansować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finansowano	finansować	imps:imperf		
finansowanych	finansować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finansowanych	finansować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansowany	finansować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finansowany	finansować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finansowanym	finansować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansowanym	finansować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansowanymi	finansować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansowań	finansować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finansująca	finansować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finansującą	finansować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finansujące	finansować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansujące	finansować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansującego	finansować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finansującego	finansować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansującej	finansować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finansującemu	finansować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansując	finansować	pcon:imperf		
finansująco	finansować	pacta		
finansujących	finansować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finansujących	finansować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansujący	finansować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finansujący	finansować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finansujący	finansować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finansującym	finansować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansującym	finansować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finansującymi	finansować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finansują	finansować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
finansujcie	finansować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
finansujecie	finansować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
finansuje	finansować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
finansujemy	finansować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
finansujesz	finansować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
finansuję	finansować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
finansuj	finansować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
finansujmy	finansować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
finansowcach	finansowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowca	finansowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowca	finansowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcami	finansowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowce	finansowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finansowce	finansowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcem	finansowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcom	finansowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcowi	finansowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowców	finansowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowców	finansowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcu	finansowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcu	finansowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcy	finansowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcy	finansowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowcze	finansowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowiec	finansowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finansowo	finansowo	adv:pos		
finansowościach	finansowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowościami	finansowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowością	finansowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowości	finansowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowościom	finansowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowość	finansowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowość	finansowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finansowa	finansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finansową	finansowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finansową	finansowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finansowe	finansowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finansowe	finansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finansowe	finansowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finansowe	finansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finansowego	finansowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finansowego	finansowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finansowej	finansowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finansowej	finansowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finansowej	finansowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finansowemu	finansowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finansowi	finansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finansowo	finansowy	adja		
finansowych	finansowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finansowych	finansowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finansowych	finansowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finansowy	finansowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finansowy	finansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finansowym	finansowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finansowym	finansowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finansowym	finansowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finansowymi	finansowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
findesieclizmach	findesieclizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmami	findesieclizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmem	findesieclizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizm	findesieclizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizm	findesieclizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmie	findesieclizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmie	findesieclizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmom	findesieclizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmowi	findesieclizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmów	findesieclizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmu	findesieclizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmy	findesieclizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmy	findesieclizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
findesieclizmy	findesieclizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finesach	fines:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesa	fines:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesa	fines:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesami	fines:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesem	fines:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fines	fines:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesie	fines:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesie	fines:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesi	fines:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesi	fines:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesom	fines:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesowi	fines:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesów	fines:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesów	fines:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesy	fines:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesy	fines:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesach	fines:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesami	fines:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesem	fines:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fines	fines:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fines	fines:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesie	fines:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesie	fines:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesom	fines:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesowi	fines:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesów	fines:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesu	fines:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesy	fines:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesy	fines:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finesy	fines:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
finezjach	finezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezja	finezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezjami	finezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezją	finezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezje	finezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezje	finezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezje	finezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezję	finezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezji	finezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
finezji	finezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezji	finezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezji	finezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezjo	finezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezjom	finezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyj	finezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
finezyjnie	finezyjnie	adv:pos		
finezyjniej	finezyjnie	adv:com		
finezyjnościach	finezyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjnościami	finezyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjnością	finezyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjności	finezyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjnościom	finezyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjność	finezyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjność	finezyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finezyjna	finezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finezyjną	finezyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finezyjną	finezyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finezyjne	finezyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finezyjne	finezyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finezyjne	finezyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finezyjne	finezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finezyjnego	finezyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finezyjnego	finezyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finezyjnej	finezyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finezyjnej	finezyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finezyjnej	finezyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finezyjnemu	finezyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finezyjni	finezyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finezyjno	finezyjny	adja		
finezyjnych	finezyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finezyjnych	finezyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finezyjnych	finezyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finezyjny	finezyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finezyjny	finezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finezyjnym	finezyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finezyjnym	finezyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finezyjnym	finezyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finezyjnymi	finezyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finfach	finfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfa	finfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfami	finfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfą	finfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfę	finfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finf	finfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfie	finfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfie	finfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfo	finfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfom	finfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfy	finfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfy	finfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfy	finfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
finfy	finfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fingować	fingować	inf:imperf		
fingowaliby	fingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fingowalibyście	fingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fingowalibyśmy	fingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fingowali	fingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fingowali	fingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fingowaliście	fingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fingowaliśmy	fingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fingowałaby	fingować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fingowałabym	fingować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fingowałabyś	fingować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fingowała	fingować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fingowała	fingować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fingowałam	fingować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fingowałaś	fingować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fingowałby	fingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fingowałbym	fingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fingowałbyś	fingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fingowałem	fingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fingowałeś	fingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fingował	fingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fingował	fingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fingowałoby	fingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fingowałobym	fingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fingowałobyś	fingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fingowało	fingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fingowało	fingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fingowałom	fingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fingowałoś	fingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fingowałyby	fingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fingowałybyście	fingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fingowałybyśmy	fingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fingowały	fingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fingowały	fingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fingowałyście	fingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fingowałyśmy	fingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fingowana	fingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fingowaną	fingować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fingowane	fingować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingowane	fingować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingowanego	fingować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fingowanego	fingować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingowanej	fingować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fingowanemu	fingować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingowaniach	fingować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowania	fingować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowania	fingować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowaniami	fingować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowanie	fingować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowaniem	fingować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowani	fingować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fingowaniom	fingować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowaniu	fingować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fingowano	fingować	imps:imperf		
fingowanych	fingować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fingowanych	fingować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingowany	fingować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fingowany	fingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fingowanym	fingować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingowanym	fingować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingowanymi	fingować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingowań	fingować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fingująca	fingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fingującą	fingować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fingujące	fingować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingujące	fingować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingującego	fingować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fingującego	fingować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingującej	fingować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fingującemu	fingować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingując	fingować	pcon:imperf		
fingująco	fingować	pacta		
fingujących	fingować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fingujących	fingować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingujący	fingować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fingujący	fingować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fingujący	fingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fingującym	fingować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingującym	fingować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fingującymi	fingować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fingują	fingować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fingujcie	fingować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fingujecie	fingować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
finguje	fingować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fingujemy	fingować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fingujesz	fingować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
finguję	fingować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
finguj	fingować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fingujmy	fingować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
finiszach	finisz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszami	finisz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finisze	finisz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finisze	finisz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finisze	finisz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszem	finisz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finisz	finisz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finisz	finisz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszom	finisz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowi	finisz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszów	finisz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszu	finisz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszu	finisz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszu	finisz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszy	finisz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerach	finiszer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszera	finiszer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszera	finiszer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerami	finiszer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerem	finiszer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszer	finiszer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerom	finiszer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerowi	finiszer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerów	finiszer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerów	finiszer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszery	finiszer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finiszery	finiszer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerze	finiszer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerze	finiszer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerzy	finiszer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszerzy	finiszer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
finiszować	finiszować	inf:imperf		
finiszowaliby	finiszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finiszowalibyście	finiszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finiszowalibyśmy	finiszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finiszowali	finiszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
finiszowali	finiszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finiszowaliście	finiszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finiszowaliśmy	finiszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finiszowałaby	finiszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finiszowałabym	finiszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finiszowałabyś	finiszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finiszowała	finiszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
finiszowała	finiszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finiszowałam	finiszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finiszowałaś	finiszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finiszowałby	finiszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finiszowałbym	finiszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finiszowałbyś	finiszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finiszowałem	finiszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finiszowałeś	finiszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finiszował	finiszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
finiszował	finiszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finiszowałoby	finiszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finiszowałobym	finiszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finiszowałobyś	finiszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finiszowało	finiszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
finiszowało	finiszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finiszowałom	finiszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finiszowałoś	finiszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finiszowałyby	finiszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finiszowałybyście	finiszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finiszowałybyśmy	finiszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finiszowały	finiszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
finiszowały	finiszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finiszowałyście	finiszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finiszowałyśmy	finiszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finiszowaniach	finiszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowania	finiszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowania	finiszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowaniami	finiszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowanie	finiszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowaniem	finiszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowaniom	finiszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowaniu	finiszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszowano	finiszować	imps:imperf		
finiszowań	finiszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finiszująca	finiszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finiszującą	finiszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finiszujące	finiszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finiszujące	finiszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finiszującego	finiszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finiszującego	finiszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finiszującej	finiszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finiszującemu	finiszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finiszując	finiszować	pcon:imperf		
finiszująco	finiszować	pacta		
finiszujących	finiszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finiszujących	finiszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finiszujący	finiszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finiszujący	finiszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finiszujący	finiszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finiszującym	finiszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finiszującym	finiszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finiszującymi	finiszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finiszują	finiszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
finiszujcie	finiszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
finiszujecie	finiszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
finiszuje	finiszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
finiszujemy	finiszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
finiszujesz	finiszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
finiszuję	finiszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
finiszuj	finiszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
finiszujmy	finiszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
finiszowościach	finiszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowościami	finiszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowością	finiszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowości	finiszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowościom	finiszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowość	finiszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowość	finiszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finiszowa	finiszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finiszową	finiszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finiszową	finiszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finiszowe	finiszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finiszowe	finiszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finiszowe	finiszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finiszowe	finiszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finiszowego	finiszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finiszowego	finiszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finiszowej	finiszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finiszowej	finiszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finiszowej	finiszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finiszowemu	finiszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finiszowi	finiszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finiszowo	finiszowy	adja		
finiszowych	finiszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finiszowych	finiszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finiszowych	finiszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finiszowy	finiszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finiszowy	finiszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finiszowym	finiszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finiszowym	finiszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finiszowym	finiszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finiszowymi	finiszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finitywnościach	finitywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywnościami	finitywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywnością	finitywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywności	finitywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywnościom	finitywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywność	finitywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywność	finitywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finitywna	finitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finitywną	finitywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finitywną	finitywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finitywne	finitywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finitywne	finitywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finitywne	finitywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finitywne	finitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finitywnego	finitywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finitywnego	finitywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finitywnej	finitywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finitywnej	finitywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finitywnej	finitywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finitywnemu	finitywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finitywni	finitywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finitywno	finitywny	adja		
finitywnych	finitywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finitywnych	finitywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finitywnych	finitywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finitywny	finitywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finitywny	finitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finitywnym	finitywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finitywnym	finitywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finitywnym	finitywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finitywnymi	finitywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fince	finka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fince	finka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finek	finka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finkach	finka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finka	finka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finkami	finka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finką	finka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finkę	finka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finki	finka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finki	finka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finki	finka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finki	finka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finko	finka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finkom	finka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacjach	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacja	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacjami	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacją	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacje	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacje	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacje	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzację	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacji	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
finlandyzacji	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacji	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacji	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacjo	finlandyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacjom	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandyzacyj	finlandyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
finlandyzować	finlandyzować	inf:imperf		
finlandyzowaliby	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowalibyście	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowalibyśmy	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowali	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
finlandyzowali	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowaliście	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowaliśmy	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałaby	finlandyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałabym	finlandyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałabyś	finlandyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowała	finlandyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
finlandyzowała	finlandyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałam	finlandyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałaś	finlandyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowałby	finlandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałbym	finlandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałbyś	finlandyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowałem	finlandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałeś	finlandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
finlandyzował	finlandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
finlandyzował	finlandyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałoby	finlandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałobym	finlandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałobyś	finlandyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowało	finlandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
finlandyzowało	finlandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałom	finlandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowałoś	finlandyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowałyby	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałybyście	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowałybyśmy	finlandyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowały	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
finlandyzowały	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
finlandyzowałyście	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
finlandyzowałyśmy	finlandyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
finlandyzowana	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaną	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowane	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowane	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanego	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanego	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanej	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanemu	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaniach	finlandyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowania	finlandyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowania	finlandyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaniami	finlandyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanie	finlandyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaniem	finlandyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowani	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaniom	finlandyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowaniu	finlandyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowano	finlandyzować	imps:imperf		
finlandyzowanych	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanych	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowany	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowany	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanym	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanym	finlandyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowanymi	finlandyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzowań	finlandyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzująca	finlandyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującą	finlandyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujące	finlandyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujące	finlandyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującego	finlandyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującego	finlandyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującej	finlandyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującemu	finlandyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzując	finlandyzować	pcon:imperf		
finlandyzująco	finlandyzować	pacta		
finlandyzujących	finlandyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujących	finlandyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujący	finlandyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujący	finlandyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzujący	finlandyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującym	finlandyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującym	finlandyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
finlandyzującymi	finlandyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
finlandyzują	finlandyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
finlandyzujcie	finlandyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
finlandyzujecie	finlandyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
finlandyzuje	finlandyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
finlandyzujemy	finlandyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
finlandyzujesz	finlandyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
finlandyzuję	finlandyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
finlandyzuj	finlandyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
finlandyzujmy	finlandyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
finlandzcy	finlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
finlandzka	finlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
finlandzką	finlandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
finlandzką	finlandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
finlandzkich	finlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
finlandzkich	finlandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzkich	finlandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzkie	finlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzkie	finlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzkie	finlandzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
finlandzkie	finlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
finlandzkiego	finlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
finlandzkiego	finlandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finlandzkiej	finlandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
finlandzkiej	finlandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
finlandzkiej	finlandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
finlandzkiemu	finlandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finlandzki	finlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
finlandzki	finlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
finlandzkim	finlandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzkim	finlandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finlandzkim	finlandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
finlandzkimi	finlandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
finlandzko	finlandzki	adja		
finlandzku	finlandzki	adjp		
finlandzko	finlandzko	adv:pos		
finlandzkościach	finlandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkościami	finlandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkością	finlandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkości	finlandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkościom	finlandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkość	finlandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finlandzkość	finlandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finach	fin:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fina	fin:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finami	fin:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finem	fin:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fin	fin:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fin	fin:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finie	fin:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finie	fin:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finom	fin:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finowi	fin:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finów	fin:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finy	fin:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finy	fin:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
finy	fin:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fin	fin:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fincie	finta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fincie	finta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintach	finta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finta	finta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintami	finta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintą	finta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintę	finta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fint	finta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
finto	finta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintom	finta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finty	finta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finty	finta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
finty	finta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
finty	finta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszce	fintifluszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszce	fintifluszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszek	fintifluszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszkach	fintifluszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszka	fintifluszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszkami	fintifluszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszką	fintifluszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszkę	fintifluszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszki	fintifluszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszki	fintifluszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszki	fintifluszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszki	fintifluszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszko	fintifluszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fintifluszkom	fintifluszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
finwalach	finwal	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwala	finwal	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwala	finwal	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalami	finwal	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwale	finwal	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwale	finwal	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwale	finwal	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalem	finwal	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwal	finwal	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwali	finwal	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalom	finwal	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalowi	finwal	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalów	finwal	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalu	finwal	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
finwalu	finwal	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
fińscy	fiński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fińska	fiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fińską	fiński:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fińską	fiński:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fińskich	fiński:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fińskich	fiński:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fińskich	fiński:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fińskie	fiński:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fińskie	fiński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fińskie	fiński:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fińskie	fiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fińskiego	fiński:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fińskiego	fiński:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fińskiej	fiński:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fińskiej	fiński:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fińskiej	fiński:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fińskiemu	fiński:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiński	fiński:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiński	fiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fińskim	fiński:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fińskim	fiński:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fińskim	fiński:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fińskimi	fiński:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fińsko	fiński:a	adja		
fińsku	fiński:a	adjp		
fińskich	fiński:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskich	fiński:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskie	fiński:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskie	fiński:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskie	fiński:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskiego	fiński:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskiemu	fiński:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiński	fiński:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiński	fiński:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiński	fiński:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskim	fiński:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskim	fiński:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskim	fiński:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińskimi	fiński:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fińsko	fińsko	adv:pos		
fińskościach	fińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskościami	fińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskością	fińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskości	fińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskościom	fińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskość	fińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fińskość	fińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiochach	fioch	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiocha	fioch	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochami	fioch	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochem	fioch	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioch	fioch	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioch	fioch	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochom	fioch	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochowi	fioch	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochów	fioch	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochu	fioch	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochu	fioch	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochy	fioch	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochy	fioch	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiochy	fioch	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioczek	fioczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczek	fioczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczkach	fioczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczka	fioczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczkami	fioczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczkiem	fioczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczki	fioczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczki	fioczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczki	fioczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczkom	fioczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczkowi	fioczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczków	fioczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczku	fioczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioczku	fioczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiokach	fiok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioka	fiok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiokami	fiok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiok	fiok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiok	fiok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiokiem	fiok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioki	fiok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioki	fiok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioki	fiok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiokom	fiok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiokowi	fiok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioków	fiok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioku	fiok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioku	fiok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioce	fioka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioce	fioka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiokach	fioka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioka	fioka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiokami	fioka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioką	fioka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiokę	fioka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiok	fioka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioki	fioka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioki	fioka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioki	fioka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioki	fioka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fioko	fioka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiokom	fioka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiokować	fiokować	inf:imperf		
fiokowaliby	fiokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiokowalibyście	fiokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiokowalibyśmy	fiokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiokowali	fiokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiokowali	fiokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiokowaliście	fiokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiokowaliśmy	fiokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiokowałaby	fiokować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiokowałabym	fiokować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiokowałabyś	fiokować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiokowała	fiokować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiokowała	fiokować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiokowałam	fiokować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiokowałaś	fiokować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiokowałby	fiokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiokowałbym	fiokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiokowałbyś	fiokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiokowałem	fiokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiokowałeś	fiokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiokował	fiokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiokował	fiokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiokowałoby	fiokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiokowałobym	fiokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiokowałobyś	fiokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiokowało	fiokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiokowało	fiokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiokowałom	fiokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiokowałoś	fiokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiokowałyby	fiokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiokowałybyście	fiokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiokowałybyśmy	fiokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiokowały	fiokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiokowały	fiokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiokowałyście	fiokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiokowałyśmy	fiokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiokowana	fiokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiokowaną	fiokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiokowane	fiokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokowane	fiokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowanego	fiokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiokowanego	fiokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowanej	fiokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiokowanemu	fiokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowaniach	fiokować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowania	fiokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowania	fiokować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowaniami	fiokować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowanie	fiokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowaniem	fiokować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowani	fiokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiokowaniom	fiokować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowaniu	fiokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowano	fiokować	imps:imperf		
fiokowanych	fiokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiokowanych	fiokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokowany	fiokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiokowany	fiokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiokowanym	fiokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokowanym	fiokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokowanymi	fiokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokowań	fiokować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiokująca	fiokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiokującą	fiokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiokujące	fiokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokujące	fiokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokującego	fiokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiokującego	fiokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokującej	fiokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiokującemu	fiokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokując	fiokować	pcon:imperf		
fiokująco	fiokować	pacta		
fiokujących	fiokować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiokujących	fiokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokujący	fiokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiokujący	fiokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiokujący	fiokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiokującym	fiokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokującym	fiokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiokującymi	fiokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiokują	fiokować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiokujcie	fiokować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiokujecie	fiokować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiokuje	fiokować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiokujemy	fiokować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiokujesz	fiokować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiokuję	fiokować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiokuj	fiokować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiokujmy	fiokować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiolecie	fiolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolecie	fiolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletach	fiolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletami	fiolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletem	fiolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolet	fiolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolet	fiolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletom	fiolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowi	fiolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletów	fiolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletu	fiolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolety	fiolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolety	fiolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiolety	fiolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawo	fioletowawo	adv:pos		
fioletowawościach	fioletowawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawościami	fioletowawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawością	fioletowawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawości	fioletowawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawościom	fioletowawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawość	fioletowawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawość	fioletowawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowawa	fioletowawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fioletowawą	fioletowawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fioletowawą	fioletowawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fioletowawe	fioletowawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowawe	fioletowawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowawe	fioletowawy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawe	fioletowawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawego	fioletowawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fioletowawego	fioletowawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawej	fioletowawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fioletowawej	fioletowawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fioletowawej	fioletowawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fioletowawemu	fioletowawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawi	fioletowawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowawo	fioletowawy	adja		
fioletowawych	fioletowawy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowawych	fioletowawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowawych	fioletowawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowawy	fioletowawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fioletowawy	fioletowawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fioletowawym	fioletowawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowawym	fioletowawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawym	fioletowawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowawymi	fioletowawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowiałaby	fioletowieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałabym	fioletowieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałabyś	fioletowieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fioletowiała	fioletowieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fioletowiała	fioletowieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałam	fioletowieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałaś	fioletowieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fioletowiałby	fioletowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałbym	fioletowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałbyś	fioletowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fioletowiałem	fioletowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałeś	fioletowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fioletowiał	fioletowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fioletowiał	fioletowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałoby	fioletowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałobym	fioletowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałobyś	fioletowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fioletowiało	fioletowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fioletowiało	fioletowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałom	fioletowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fioletowiałoś	fioletowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fioletowiałyby	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałybyście	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fioletowiałybyśmy	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fioletowiały	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fioletowiały	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fioletowiałyście	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fioletowiałyśmy	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fioletowiano	fioletowieć	imps:imperf		
fioletowieć	fioletowieć	inf:imperf		
fioletowiejąca	fioletowieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącą	fioletowieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejące	fioletowieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejące	fioletowieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącego	fioletowieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącego	fioletowieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącej	fioletowieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącemu	fioletowieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejąc	fioletowieć	pcon:imperf		
fioletowiejąco	fioletowieć	pacta		
fioletowiejących	fioletowieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejących	fioletowieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejący	fioletowieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejący	fioletowieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejący	fioletowieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącym	fioletowieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącym	fioletowieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiejącymi	fioletowieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fioletowieją	fioletowieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fioletowiejcie	fioletowieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fioletowiejecie	fioletowieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fioletowieje	fioletowieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fioletowiejemy	fioletowieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fioletowiejesz	fioletowieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fioletowieję	fioletowieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fioletowiej	fioletowieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fioletowiejmy	fioletowieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fioletowieliby	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fioletowielibyście	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fioletowielibyśmy	fioletowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fioletowieli	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fioletowieli	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fioletowieliście	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fioletowieliśmy	fioletowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fioletowieniach	fioletowieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowienia	fioletowieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowienia	fioletowieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowieniami	fioletowieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowienie	fioletowieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowieniem	fioletowieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowieniom	fioletowieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowieniu	fioletowieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowień	fioletowieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fioletowiej	fioletowo	adv:com		
fioletowo	fioletowo	adv:pos		
fioletowoczarnościach	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarnościami	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarnością	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarności	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarnościom	fioletowoczarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarność	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarność	fioletowoczarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowoczarna	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fioletowoczarną	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fioletowoczarną	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fioletowoczarne	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowoczarne	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowoczarne	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarne	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarnego	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fioletowoczarnego	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarnej	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fioletowoczarnej	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fioletowoczarnej	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fioletowoczarnemu	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarni	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowoczarno	fioletowoczarny	adja		
fioletowoczarnych	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowoczarnych	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowoczarnych	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowoczarny	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fioletowoczarny	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fioletowoczarnym	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowoczarnym	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarnym	fioletowoczarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowoczarnymi	fioletowoczarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowościach	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowościami	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowością	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowości	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowościom	fioletoworóżowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowość	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowość	fioletoworóżowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletoworóżowa	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fioletoworóżową	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fioletoworóżową	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fioletoworóżowe	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowe	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowe	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowe	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowego	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fioletoworóżowego	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowej	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fioletoworóżowej	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fioletoworóżowej	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fioletoworóżowemu	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowi	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletoworóżowo	fioletoworóżowy	adja		
fioletoworóżowych	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletoworóżowych	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowych	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowy	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fioletoworóżowy	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fioletoworóżowym	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletoworóżowym	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowym	fioletoworóżowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletoworóżowymi	fioletoworóżowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowościach	fioletowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowościami	fioletowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowością	fioletowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowości	fioletowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowościom	fioletowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowość	fioletowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowość	fioletowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioletowa	fioletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fioletową	fioletowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fioletową	fioletowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fioletowe	fioletowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowe	fioletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowe	fioletowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowe	fioletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fioletowego	fioletowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fioletowego	fioletowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowej	fioletowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fioletowej	fioletowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fioletowej	fioletowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fioletowemu	fioletowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowi	fioletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowo	fioletowy	adja		
fioletowych	fioletowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fioletowych	fioletowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowych	fioletowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowy	fioletowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fioletowy	fioletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fioletowym	fioletowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fioletowym	fioletowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowym	fioletowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fioletowymi	fioletowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiolce	fiolka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolce	fiolka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolek	fiolka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolkach	fiolka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolka	fiolka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolkami	fiolka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolką	fiolka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolkę	fiolka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolki	fiolka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolki	fiolka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolki	fiolka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolki	fiolka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolko	fiolka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiolkom	fiolka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczek	fiołeczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczek	fiołeczek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczek	fiołeczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczkach	fiołeczek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczkach	fiołeczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczka	fiołeczek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczka	fiołeczek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczka	fiołeczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczkami	fiołeczek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczkami	fiołeczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczkiem	fiołeczek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczkiem	fiołeczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczki	fiołeczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczkom	fiołeczek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczkom	fiołeczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczkowi	fiołeczek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczkowi	fiołeczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczków	fiołeczek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczków	fiołeczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczku	fiołeczek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczku	fiołeczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołeczku	fiołeczek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołeczku	fiołeczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołek	fiołek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołek	fiołek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołek	fiołek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkach	fiołek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołkach	fiołek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołka	fiołek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołka	fiołek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołka	fiołek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkami	fiołek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołkami	fiołek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkiem	fiołek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołkiem	fiołek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołki	fiołek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkom	fiołek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołkom	fiołek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowi	fiołek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołkowi	fiołek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołków	fiołek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołków	fiołek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołku	fiołek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołku	fiołek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołku	fiołek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiołku	fiołek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowate	fiołkowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowate	fiołkowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowate	fiołkowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatych	fiołkowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatych	fiołkowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatym	fiołkowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatymi	fiołkowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatościach	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatościami	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatością	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatości	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatościom	fiołkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatość	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowatość	fiołkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowaci	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiołkowata	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiołkowatą	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiołkowatą	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiołkowate	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowate	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowate	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowate	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowatego	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiołkowatego	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowatej	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiołkowatej	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiołkowatej	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiołkowatemu	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowato	fiołkowaty	adja		
fiołkowatych	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiołkowatych	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowatych	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowaty	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiołkowaty	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiołkowatym	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowatym	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowatym	fiołkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowatymi	fiołkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowo	fiołkowo	adv:pos		
fiołkowościach	fiołkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowościami	fiołkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowością	fiołkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowości	fiołkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowościom	fiołkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowość	fiołkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowość	fiołkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiołkowa	fiołkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiołkową	fiołkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiołkową	fiołkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiołkowe	fiołkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowe	fiołkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowe	fiołkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowe	fiołkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowego	fiołkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiołkowego	fiołkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowej	fiołkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiołkowej	fiołkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiołkowej	fiołkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiołkowemu	fiołkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowi	fiołkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiołkowo	fiołkowy	adja		
fiołkowych	fiołkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiołkowych	fiołkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowych	fiołkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowy	fiołkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiołkowy	fiołkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiołkowym	fiołkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiołkowym	fiołkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowym	fiołkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiołkowymi	fiołkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiole	fioł:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiole	fioł:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołach	fioł:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fioła	fioł:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fioła	fioł:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołami	fioł:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołem	fioł:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fioł	fioł:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołom	fioł:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołowie	fioł:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołowie	fioł:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołowi	fioł:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołów	fioł:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fiołów	fioł:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fioły	fioł:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioły	fioł:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiole	fioł:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiole	fioł:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołach	fioł:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioła	fioł:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioła	fioł:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołami	fioł:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołem	fioł:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioł	fioł:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołom	fioł:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołowi	fioł:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiołów	fioł:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioły	fioł:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioły	fioł:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioły	fioł:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingach	fiording	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordinga	fiording	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordinga	fiording	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingami	fiording	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiording	fiording	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingiem	fiording	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingi	fiording	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingi	fiording	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingi	fiording	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingom	fiording	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingowi	fiording	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingów	fiording	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingu	fiording	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordingu	fiording	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowościach	fiordowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowościami	fiordowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowością	fiordowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowości	fiordowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowościom	fiordowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowość	fiordowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowość	fiordowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowa	fiordowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiordową	fiordowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiordową	fiordowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiordowe	fiordowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiordowe	fiordowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiordowe	fiordowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiordowe	fiordowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiordowego	fiordowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiordowego	fiordowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiordowej	fiordowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiordowej	fiordowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiordowej	fiordowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiordowemu	fiordowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiordowi	fiordowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiordowo	fiordowy	adja		
fiordowych	fiordowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiordowych	fiordowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiordowych	fiordowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiordowy	fiordowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiordowy	fiordowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiordowym	fiordowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiordowym	fiordowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiordowym	fiordowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiordowymi	fiordowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiordach	fiord:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordami	fiord:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordem	fiord:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiord	fiord:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiord	fiord:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordom	fiord:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowi	fiord:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordów	fiord:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordu	fiord:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordzie	fiord:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordzie	fiord:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiordach	fiord:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiorda	fiord:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiorda	fiord:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordami	fiord:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordem	fiord:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiord	fiord:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordom	fiord:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordowi	fiord:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordów	fiord:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordy	fiord:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordzie	fiord:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordzie	fiord:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngach	fiordyng	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordynga	fiordyng	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordynga	fiordyng	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngami	fiordyng	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyng	fiordyng	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngiem	fiordyng	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngi	fiordyng	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngi	fiordyng	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngi	fiordyng	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngom	fiordyng	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngowi	fiordyng	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngów	fiordyng	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngu	fiordyng	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiordyngu	fiordyng	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturach	fioritura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritura	fioritura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturami	fioritura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturą	fioritura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturę	fioritura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritur	fioritura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorituro	fioritura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturom	fioritura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritury	fioritura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritury	fioritura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritury	fioritura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioritury	fioritura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturze	fioritura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioriturze	fioritura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturach	fiorytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytura	fiorytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturami	fiorytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturą	fiorytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturę	fiorytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytur	fiorytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturo	fiorytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturom	fiorytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytury	fiorytura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytury	fiorytura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytury	fiorytura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiorytury	fiorytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturze	fiorytura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fioryturze	fiorytura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanach	firana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firana	firana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanami	firana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaną	firana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanę	firana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firan	firana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanie	firana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanie	firana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firano	firana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanom	firana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firany	firana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firany	firana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firany	firana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firany	firana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczce	firaneczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczce	firaneczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczek	firaneczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczkach	firaneczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczka	firaneczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczkami	firaneczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczką	firaneczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczkę	firaneczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczki	firaneczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczki	firaneczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczki	firaneczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczki	firaneczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczko	firaneczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firaneczkom	firaneczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firance	firanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firance	firanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanek	firanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firankach	firanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanka	firanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firankami	firanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanką	firanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firankę	firanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanki	firanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanki	firanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanki	firanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanki	firanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firanko	firanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firankom	firanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircyczce	fircyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczce	fircyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczek	fircyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczkach	fircyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczka	fircyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczkami	fircyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczką	fircyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczkę	fircyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczki	fircyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczki	fircyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczki	fircyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczki	fircyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczko	fircyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircyczkom	fircyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fircycy	fircyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircycy	fircyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykach	fircyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyka	fircyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyka	fircyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykami	fircyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyk	fircyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykiem	fircyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyki	fircyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyki	fircyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykom	fircyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowie	fircyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowie	fircyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowi	fircyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyków	fircyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyków	fircyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyku	fircyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircyku	fircyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykować	fircykować	inf:imperf		daw.
fircykowaliby	fircykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowalibyście	fircykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowalibyśmy	fircykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowali	fircykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fircykowali	fircykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowaliście	fircykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowaliśmy	fircykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałaby	fircykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałabym	fircykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałabyś	fircykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowała	fircykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fircykowała	fircykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałam	fircykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałaś	fircykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowałby	fircykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałbym	fircykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałbyś	fircykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowałem	fircykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałeś	fircykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykował	fircykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fircykował	fircykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałoby	fircykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałobym	fircykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałobyś	fircykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowało	fircykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fircykowało	fircykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałom	fircykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowałoś	fircykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowałyby	fircykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałybyście	fircykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowałybyśmy	fircykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowały	fircykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fircykowały	fircykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykowałyście	fircykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykowałyśmy	fircykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowaniach	fircykować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowania	fircykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowania	fircykować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowaniami	fircykować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowanie	fircykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowaniem	fircykować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowaniom	fircykować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowaniu	fircykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykowano	fircykować	imps:imperf		daw.
fircykowań	fircykować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		przest.
fircykująca	fircykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fircykującą	fircykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fircykujące	fircykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fircykujące	fircykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fircykującego	fircykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fircykującego	fircykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fircykującej	fircykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fircykującemu	fircykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fircykując	fircykować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fircykująco	fircykować	pacta		
fircykujących	fircykować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fircykujących	fircykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fircykujący	fircykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fircykujący	fircykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fircykujący	fircykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fircykującym	fircykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fircykującym	fircykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fircykującymi	fircykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fircykują	fircykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykujcie	fircykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykujecie	fircykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykuje	fircykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fircykujemy	fircykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykujesz	fircykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykuję	fircykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykuj	fircykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fircykujmy	fircykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fircykowatościach	fircykowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatościami	fircykowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatością	fircykowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatości	fircykowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatościom	fircykowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatość	fircykowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowatość	fircykowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircykowaci	fircykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fircykowata	fircykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
fircykowatą	fircykowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
fircykowatą	fircykowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
fircykowate	fircykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowate	fircykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowate	fircykowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowate	fircykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowatego	fircykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
fircykowatego	fircykowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowatej	fircykowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
fircykowatej	fircykowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
fircykowatej	fircykowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
fircykowatemu	fircykowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowato	fircykowaty	adja		przest.
fircykowatych	fircykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fircykowatych	fircykowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowatych	fircykowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowaty	fircykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
fircykowaty	fircykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
fircykowatym	fircykowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowatym	fircykowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowatym	fircykowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowatymi	fircykowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowościach	fircykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowościami	fircykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowością	fircykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowości	fircykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowościom	fircykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowość	fircykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowość	fircykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fircykowa	fircykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
fircykową	fircykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
fircykową	fircykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
fircykowe	fircykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowe	fircykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowe	fircykowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowe	fircykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowego	fircykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
fircykowego	fircykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowej	fircykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
fircykowej	fircykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
fircykowej	fircykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
fircykowemu	fircykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowi	fircykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fircykowo	fircykowy	adja		przest.
fircykowych	fircykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fircykowych	fircykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowych	fircykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowy	fircykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
fircykowy	fircykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
fircykowym	fircykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircykowym	fircykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowym	fircykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fircykowymi	fircykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fircynellach	fircynella	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynella	fircynella	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynellami	fircynella	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynellą	fircynella	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelle	fircynella	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelle	fircynella	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelle	fircynella	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynellę	fircynella	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelli	fircynella	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelli	fircynella	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelli	fircynella	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynelli	fircynella	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynello	fircynella	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fircynellom	fircynella	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
firecie	firet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firecie	firet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetach	firet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetami	firet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetem	firet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firet	firet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firet	firet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetom	firet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetowi	firet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetów	firet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firetu	firet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firety	firet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firety	firet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firety	firet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firewallach	firewall	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewalla	firewall	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallami	firewall	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewalle	firewall	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewalle	firewall	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewalle	firewall	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallem	firewall	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewall	firewall	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewall	firewall	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewalli	firewall	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallom	firewall	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallowi	firewall	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallu	firewall	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firewallu	firewall	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
firce	firka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firce	firka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firek	firka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firkach	firka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firka	firka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firkami	firka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firką	firka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firkę	firka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firki	firka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firki	firka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firki	firka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firki	firka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firko	firka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firkom	firka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejach	firlej	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleja	firlej	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejami	firlej	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleje	firlej	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleje	firlej	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleje	firlej	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejem	firlej	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlej	firlej	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlej	firlej	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejom	firlej	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejowi	firlej	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejów	firlej	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleju	firlej	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firleju	firlej	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
firlejscy	firlejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
firlejska	firlejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
firlejską	firlejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
firlejską	firlejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
firlejskich	firlejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
firlejskich	firlejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firlejskich	firlejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firlejskie	firlejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firlejskie	firlejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firlejskie	firlejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
firlejskie	firlejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
firlejskiego	firlejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
firlejskiego	firlejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firlejskiej	firlejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
firlejskiej	firlejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
firlejskiej	firlejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
firlejskiemu	firlejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firlejski	firlejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
firlejski	firlejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
firlejskim	firlejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firlejskim	firlejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firlejskim	firlejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firlejskimi	firlejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firlejsko	firlejski	adja		
firlejsku	firlejski	adjp		
firlejsko	firlejsko	adv:pos		
firlejskościach	firlejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskościami	firlejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskością	firlejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskości	firlejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskościom	firlejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskość	firlejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firlejskość	firlejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletce	firletka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletce	firletka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletek	firletka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletkach	firletka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletka	firletka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletkami	firletka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletką	firletka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletkę	firletka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletki	firletka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletki	firletka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletki	firletka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletki	firletka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletko	firletka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firletkom	firletka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmach	firma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firma	firma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmami	firma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmą	firma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmę	firma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firm	firma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmie	firma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmie	firma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmo	firma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmom	firma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmy	firma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmy	firma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmy	firma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmy	firma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmamencie	firmament	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamencie	firmament	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentach	firmament	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentami	firmament	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentem	firmament	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmament	firmament	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmament	firmament	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentom	firmament	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentowi	firmament	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentów	firmament	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamentu	firmament	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamenty	firmament	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamenty	firmament	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmamenty	firmament	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanach	firman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanami	firman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanem	firman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firman	firman	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firman	firman	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanie	firman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanie	firman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanom	firman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanowi	firman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanów	firman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmanu	firman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmany	firman	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmany	firman	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmany	firman	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firmancie	firmant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmancie	firmant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmanci	firmant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmanci	firmant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantach	firmant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmanta	firmant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmanta	firmant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantami	firmant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantem	firmant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmant	firmant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantom	firmant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantowi	firmant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantów	firmant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmantów	firmant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmanty	firmant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
firmanty	firmant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorach	firmator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatora	firmator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatora	firmator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorami	firmator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorem	firmator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmator	firmator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorom	firmator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorowi	firmator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorów	firmator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorów	firmator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatory	firmator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
firmatory	firmator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorze	firmator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorze	firmator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorzy	firmator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmatorzy	firmator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
firmować	firmować	inf:imperf		
firmowaliby	firmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
firmowalibyście	firmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
firmowalibyśmy	firmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
firmowali	firmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
firmowali	firmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
firmowaliście	firmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
firmowaliśmy	firmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
firmowałaby	firmować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
firmowałabym	firmować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
firmowałabyś	firmować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
firmowała	firmować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
firmowała	firmować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
firmowałam	firmować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
firmowałaś	firmować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
firmowałby	firmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
firmowałbym	firmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
firmowałbyś	firmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
firmowałem	firmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
firmowałeś	firmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
firmował	firmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
firmował	firmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
firmowałoby	firmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
firmowałobym	firmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
firmowałobyś	firmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
firmowało	firmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
firmowało	firmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
firmowałom	firmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
firmowałoś	firmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
firmowałyby	firmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
firmowałybyście	firmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
firmowałybyśmy	firmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
firmowały	firmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
firmowały	firmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
firmowałyście	firmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
firmowałyśmy	firmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
firmowana	firmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
firmowaną	firmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
firmowane	firmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmowane	firmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmowanego	firmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
firmowanego	firmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmowanej	firmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
firmowanemu	firmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmowaniach	firmować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowania	firmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowania	firmować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowaniami	firmować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowanie	firmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowaniem	firmować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowani	firmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
firmowaniom	firmować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowaniu	firmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
firmowano	firmować	imps:imperf		
firmowanych	firmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
firmowanych	firmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmowany	firmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
firmowany	firmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
firmowanym	firmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmowanym	firmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmowanymi	firmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmowań	firmować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
firmująca	firmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
firmującą	firmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
firmujące	firmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmujące	firmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmującego	firmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
firmującego	firmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmującej	firmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
firmującemu	firmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmując	firmować	pcon:imperf		
firmująco	firmować	pacta		
firmujących	firmować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
firmujących	firmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmujący	firmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
firmujący	firmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
firmujący	firmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
firmującym	firmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmującym	firmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
firmującymi	firmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
firmują	firmować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
firmujcie	firmować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
firmujecie	firmować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
firmuje	firmować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
firmujemy	firmować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
firmujesz	firmować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
firmuję	firmować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
firmuj	firmować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
firmujmy	firmować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
firmowo	firmowo	adv:pos		
firmowościach	firmowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowościami	firmowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowością	firmowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowości	firmowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowościom	firmowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowość	firmowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowość	firmowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firmowa	firmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
firmową	firmowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
firmową	firmowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
firmowe	firmowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firmowe	firmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firmowe	firmowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
firmowe	firmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
firmowego	firmowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
firmowego	firmowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firmowej	firmowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
firmowej	firmowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
firmowej	firmowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
firmowemu	firmowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firmowi	firmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
firmowo	firmowy	adja		
firmowych	firmowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
firmowych	firmowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firmowych	firmowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firmowy	firmowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
firmowy	firmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
firmowym	firmowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firmowym	firmowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firmowym	firmowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firmowymi	firmowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firnach	firn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnami	firn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnem	firn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firn	firn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firn	firn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnie	firn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnie	firn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnom	firn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnowi	firn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnów	firn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnu	firn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firny	firn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firny	firn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firny	firn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
firnowościach	firnowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowościami	firnowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowością	firnowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowości	firnowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowościom	firnowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowość	firnowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowość	firnowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
firnowa	firnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
firnową	firnowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
firnową	firnowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
firnowe	firnowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firnowe	firnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
firnowe	firnowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
firnowe	firnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
firnowego	firnowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
firnowego	firnowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firnowej	firnowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
firnowej	firnowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
firnowej	firnowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
firnowemu	firnowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firnowi	firnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
firnowo	firnowy	adja		
firnowych	firnowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
firnowych	firnowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firnowych	firnowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firnowy	firnowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
firnowy	firnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
firnowym	firnowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
firnowym	firnowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firnowym	firnowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
firnowymi	firnowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fis	fis	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fis	fis	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmoniach	fisharmonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonia	fisharmonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmoniami	fisharmonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonią	fisharmonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonie	fisharmonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonie	fisharmonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonie	fisharmonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonię	fisharmonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonii	fisharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fisharmonii	fisharmonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonii	fisharmonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonii	fisharmonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonij	fisharmonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fisharmonio	fisharmonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmoniom	fisharmonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fisharmonice	fisharmonika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonice	fisharmonika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonikach	fisharmonika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonika	fisharmonika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonikami	fisharmonika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniką	fisharmonika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonikę	fisharmonika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonik	fisharmonika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniki	fisharmonika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniki	fisharmonika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniki	fisharmonika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniki	fisharmonika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmoniko	fisharmonika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisharmonikom	fisharmonika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiskalistach	fiskalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalista	fiskalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistami	fiskalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistą	fiskalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistę	fiskalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalisto	fiskalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistom	fiskalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistów	fiskalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalistów	fiskalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalisty	fiskalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalisty	fiskalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalisty	fiskalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskaliście	fiskalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskaliście	fiskalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskaliści	fiskalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskaliści	fiskalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiskalizacjach	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacja	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacjami	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacją	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacje	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacje	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacje	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizację	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacji	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fiskalizacji	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacji	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacji	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacjo	fiskalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacjom	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizacyj	fiskalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fiskalizmach	fiskalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmami	fiskalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmem	fiskalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizm	fiskalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizm	fiskalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmie	fiskalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmie	fiskalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmom	fiskalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmowi	fiskalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmów	fiskalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmu	fiskalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmy	fiskalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmy	fiskalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalizmy	fiskalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalnie	fiskalnie	adv:pos		
fiskalnościach	fiskalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalnościami	fiskalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalnością	fiskalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalności	fiskalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalnościom	fiskalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalność	fiskalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalność	fiskalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskalna	fiskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiskalną	fiskalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiskalną	fiskalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiskalne	fiskalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiskalne	fiskalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiskalne	fiskalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiskalne	fiskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiskalnego	fiskalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiskalnego	fiskalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskalnej	fiskalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiskalnej	fiskalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiskalnej	fiskalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiskalnemu	fiskalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskalni	fiskalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiskalno	fiskalny	adja		
fiskalnych	fiskalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiskalnych	fiskalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskalnych	fiskalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskalny	fiskalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiskalny	fiskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiskalnym	fiskalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskalnym	fiskalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskalnym	fiskalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskalnymi	fiskalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusach	fiskus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusach	fiskus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusa	fiskus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusa	fiskus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusa	fiskus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusami	fiskus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusami	fiskus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusem	fiskus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusem	fiskus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskus	fiskus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskus	fiskus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskus	fiskus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusie	fiskus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusie	fiskus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusie	fiskus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusie	fiskus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusom	fiskus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusom	fiskus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowi	fiskus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowi	fiskus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusów	fiskus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusów	fiskus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusy	fiskus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowościach	fiskusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowościami	fiskusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowością	fiskusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowości	fiskusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowościom	fiskusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowość	fiskusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowość	fiskusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiskusowa	fiskusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiskusową	fiskusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiskusową	fiskusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiskusowe	fiskusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusowe	fiskusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusowe	fiskusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowe	fiskusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowego	fiskusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiskusowego	fiskusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowej	fiskusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiskusowej	fiskusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiskusowej	fiskusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiskusowemu	fiskusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowi	fiskusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiskusowo	fiskusowy	adja		
fiskusowych	fiskusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiskusowych	fiskusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusowych	fiskusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusowy	fiskusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiskusowy	fiskusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiskusowym	fiskusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiskusowym	fiskusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowym	fiskusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiskusowymi	fiskusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszek	fistaszek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkach	fistaszek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszka	fistaszek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszka	fistaszek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkami	fistaszek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkiem	fistaszek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszki	fistaszek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszki	fistaszek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszki	fistaszek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkom	fistaszek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkowi	fistaszek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszków	fistaszek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszku	fistaszek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszku	fistaszek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
fistaszkowościach	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowościami	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowością	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowości	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowościom	fistaszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowość	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowość	fistaszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistaszkowa	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fistaszkową	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fistaszkową	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fistaszkowe	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszkowe	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszkowe	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowe	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowego	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fistaszkowego	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowej	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fistaszkowej	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fistaszkowej	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fistaszkowemu	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowi	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fistaszkowo	fistaszkowy	adja		
fistaszkowych	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fistaszkowych	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszkowych	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszkowy	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fistaszkowy	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fistaszkowym	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistaszkowym	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowym	fistaszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistaszkowymi	fistaszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistule	fistuła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistule	fistuła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułach	fistuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuła	fistuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułami	fistuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułą	fistuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułę	fistuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuł	fistuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuło	fistuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułom	fistuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuły	fistuła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuły	fistuła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuły	fistuła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistuły	fistuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatościach	fistułowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatościami	fistułowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatością	fistułowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatości	fistułowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatościom	fistułowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatość	fistułowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowatość	fistułowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowaci	fistułowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fistułowata	fistułowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fistułowatą	fistułowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fistułowatą	fistułowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fistułowate	fistułowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowate	fistułowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowate	fistułowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fistułowate	fistułowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fistułowatego	fistułowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fistułowatego	fistułowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowatej	fistułowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fistułowatej	fistułowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fistułowatej	fistułowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fistułowatemu	fistułowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowato	fistułowaty	adja		
fistułowatych	fistułowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fistułowatych	fistułowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowatych	fistułowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowaty	fistułowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fistułowaty	fistułowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fistułowatym	fistułowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowatym	fistułowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowatym	fistułowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowatymi	fistułowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowościach	fistułowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowościami	fistułowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowością	fistułowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowości	fistułowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowościom	fistułowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowość	fistułowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowość	fistułowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fistułowa	fistułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fistułową	fistułowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fistułową	fistułowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fistułowe	fistułowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowe	fistułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowe	fistułowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fistułowe	fistułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fistułowego	fistułowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fistułowego	fistułowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowej	fistułowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fistułowej	fistułowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fistułowej	fistułowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fistułowemu	fistułowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowi	fistułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fistułowo	fistułowy	adja		
fistułowych	fistułowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fistułowych	fistułowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowych	fistułowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowy	fistułowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fistułowy	fistułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fistułowym	fistułowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fistułowym	fistułowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowym	fistułowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fistułowymi	fistułowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszach	fisza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fisza	fisza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszami	fisza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszą	fisza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fisze	fisza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fisze	fisza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fisze	fisza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszę	fisza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fisz	fisza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszo	fisza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszom	fisza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszy	fisza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszy	fisza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszy	fisza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fiszbinach	fiszbin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinami	fiszbin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinem	fiszbin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbin	fiszbin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbin	fiszbin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinie	fiszbin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinie	fiszbin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinom	fiszbin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowi	fiszbin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinów	fiszbin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinu	fiszbin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinach	fiszbina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbina	fiszbina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinami	fiszbina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiną	fiszbina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinę	fiszbina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbin	fiszbina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinie	fiszbina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinie	fiszbina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbino	fiszbina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinom	fiszbina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbiny	fiszbina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcach	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowca	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowca	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcami	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowce	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowce	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowce	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcem	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcom	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcowi	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowców	fiszbinowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcu	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowcu	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowiec	fiszbinowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowościach	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowościami	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowością	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowości	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowościom	fiszbinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowość	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowość	fiszbinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszbinowa	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiszbinową	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiszbinową	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiszbinowe	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiszbinowe	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiszbinowe	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowe	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowego	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiszbinowego	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowej	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiszbinowej	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiszbinowej	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiszbinowemu	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowi	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiszbinowo	fiszbinowy	adja		
fiszbinowych	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiszbinowych	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszbinowych	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszbinowy	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiszbinowy	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiszbinowym	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszbinowym	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowym	fiszbinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszbinowymi	fiszbinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszce	fiszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszce	fiszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszek	fiszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkach	fiszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszka	fiszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkami	fiszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszką	fiszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkę	fiszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszki	fiszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszki	fiszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszki	fiszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszki	fiszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszko	fiszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkom	fiszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowościach	fiszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowościami	fiszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowością	fiszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowości	fiszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowościom	fiszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowość	fiszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowość	fiszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fiszkowa	fiszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fiszkową	fiszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fiszkową	fiszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fiszkowe	fiszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiszkowe	fiszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fiszkowe	fiszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowe	fiszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowego	fiszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fiszkowego	fiszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowej	fiszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fiszkowej	fiszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fiszkowej	fiszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fiszkowemu	fiszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowi	fiszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fiszkowo	fiszkowy	adja		
fiszkowych	fiszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fiszkowych	fiszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszkowych	fiszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszkowy	fiszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fiszkowy	fiszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fiszkowym	fiszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszkowym	fiszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowym	fiszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fiszkowymi	fiszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiszorek	fiszorek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorek	fiszorek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorkach	fiszorek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorka	fiszorek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorkami	fiszorek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorkiem	fiszorek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorki	fiszorek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorki	fiszorek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorki	fiszorek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorkom	fiszorek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorkowi	fiszorek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorków	fiszorek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorku	fiszorek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszorku	fiszorek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiszach	fisz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisza	fisz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisza	fisz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszami	fisz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszem	fisz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisz	fisz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszom	fisz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszowi	fisz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszów	fisz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszów	fisz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszu	fisz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszu	fisz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszy	fisz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszy	fisz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszach	fisz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszami	fisz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisze	fisz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszem	fisz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisz	fisz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisz	fisz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszom	fisz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszowi	fisz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszu	fisz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszu	fisz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszu	fisz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszy	fisz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutce	fiszutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutce	fiszutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutek	fiszutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutkach	fiszutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutka	fiszutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutkami	fiszutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutką	fiszutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutkę	fiszutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutki	fiszutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutki	fiszutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutki	fiszutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutki	fiszutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutko	fiszutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiszutkom	fiszutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fisiach	fiś	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisia	fiś	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisia	fiś	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiami	fiś	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisie	fiś	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisie	fiś	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisie	fiś	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiem	fiś	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisi	fiś	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiom	fiś	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiowi	fiś	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiów	fiś	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiu	fiś	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fisiu	fiś	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
fiś	fiś	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	żart.|pot.
ficie	fita	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ficie	fita	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitach	fita	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fita	fita	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitami	fita	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitą	fita	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitę	fita	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fit	fita	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fito	fita	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitom	fita	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fita	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fita	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fita	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fita	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessach	fitness	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessami	fitness	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessem	fitness	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitness	fitness	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessie	fitness	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessie	fitness	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessom	fitness	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessowi	fitness	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessów	fitness	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessu	fitness	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessy	fitness	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessy	fitness	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitnessy	fitness	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrach	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrami	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrem	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometr	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometr	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrom	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrowi	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrów	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometru	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometry	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometry	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometry	fitoaktynometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrze	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoaktynometrze	fitoaktynometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosach	fitobentos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosami	fitobentos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosem	fitobentos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentos	fitobentos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentos	fitobentos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosie	fitobentos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosie	fitobentos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosom	fitobentos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosowi	fitobentos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosów	fitobentos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosu	fitobentos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosy	fitobentos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosy	fitobentos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobentosy	fitobentos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologiach	fitobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologia	fitobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologiami	fitobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologią	fitobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologie	fitobiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologie	fitobiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologie	fitobiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologię	fitobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologii	fitobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitobiologii	fitobiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologii	fitobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologii	fitobiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologij	fitobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitobiologio	fitobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitobiologiom	fitobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologiach	fitocenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologia	fitocenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologiami	fitocenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologią	fitocenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologie	fitocenologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologie	fitocenologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologie	fitocenologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologię	fitocenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologii	fitocenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitocenologii	fitocenologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologii	fitocenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologii	fitocenologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologij	fitocenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitocenologio	fitocenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenologiom	fitocenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotycznościach	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotycznościami	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotycznością	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczności	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotycznościom	fitocenotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczność	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczność	fitocenotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenotyczna	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitocenotyczną	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitocenotyczną	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitocenotyczne	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenotyczne	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenotyczne	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotyczne	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotycznego	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitocenotycznego	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotycznej	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitocenotycznej	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitocenotycznej	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitocenotycznemu	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotyczni	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitocenotyczno	fitocenotyczny	adja		
fitocenotycznych	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitocenotycznych	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenotycznych	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenotyczny	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitocenotyczny	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitocenotycznym	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenotycznym	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotycznym	fitocenotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitocenotycznymi	fitocenotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitocenozach	fitocenoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenoza	fitocenoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozami	fitocenoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozą	fitocenoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozę	fitocenoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenoz	fitocenoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozie	fitocenoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozie	fitocenoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozo	fitocenoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozom	fitocenoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozy	fitocenoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozy	fitocenoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozy	fitocenoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocenozy	fitocenoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemiach	fitochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemia	fitochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemiami	fitochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemią	fitochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemie	fitochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemie	fitochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemie	fitochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemię	fitochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemii	fitochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitochemii	fitochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemii	fitochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemii	fitochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemij	fitochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitochemio	fitochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitochemiom	fitochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydach	fitocyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydami	fitocyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydem	fitocyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocyd	fitocyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocyd	fitocyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydom	fitocyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydowi	fitocyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydów	fitocyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydu	fitocyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydy	fitocyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydy	fitocyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydy	fitocyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydzie	fitocyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitocydzie	fitocyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonach	fitoedafon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonami	fitoedafon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonem	fitoedafon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafon	fitoedafon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafon	fitoedafon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonie	fitoedafon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonie	fitoedafon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonom	fitoedafon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonowi	fitoedafon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonów	fitoedafon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafonu	fitoedafon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafony	fitoedafon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafony	fitoedafon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoedafony	fitoedafon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenach	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenami	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenem	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogen	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogen	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenie	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenie	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenom	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenowi	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenów	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogenu	fitoestrogen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogeny	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogeny	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoestrogeny	fitoestrogen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagach	fitofag	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofaga	fitofag	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofaga	fitofag	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagami	fitofag	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofag	fitofag	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagiem	fitofag	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagi	fitofag	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagi	fitofag	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagi	fitofag	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagom	fitofag	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagowi	fitofag	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagów	fitofag	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagu	fitofag	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofagu	fitofag	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacjach	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacja	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacjami	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacją	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacje	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacje	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacje	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmację	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacji	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitofarmacji	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacji	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacji	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacjo	fitofarmacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacjom	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofarmacyj	fitofarmacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitofizjologiach	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologia	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologiami	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologią	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologie	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologie	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologie	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologię	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologii	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitofizjologii	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologii	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologii	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologij	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitofizjologio	fitofizjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitofizjologiom	fitofizjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogenicznościach	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogenicznościami	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogenicznością	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczności	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogenicznościom	fitogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczność	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczność	fitogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeniczna	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitogeniczną	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitogeniczną	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitogeniczne	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeniczne	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeniczne	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitogeniczne	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitogenicznego	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitogenicznego	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogenicznej	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitogenicznej	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitogenicznej	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitogenicznemu	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogeniczni	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitogeniczno	fitogeniczny	adja		
fitogenicznych	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitogenicznych	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogenicznych	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeniczny	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitogeniczny	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitogenicznym	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogenicznym	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogenicznym	fitogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogenicznymi	fitogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeografiach	fitogeografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografia	fitogeografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografiami	fitogeografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografią	fitogeografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografie	fitogeografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografie	fitogeografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografie	fitogeografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografię	fitogeografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografii	fitogeografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitogeografii	fitogeografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografii	fitogeografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografii	fitogeografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografij	fitogeografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitogeografio	fitogeografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeografiom	fitogeografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficznościach	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficznościami	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficznością	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzności	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficznościom	fitogeograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzność	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzność	fitogeograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitogeograficzna	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitogeograficzną	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitogeograficzną	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitogeograficzne	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeograficzne	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeograficzne	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficzne	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficznego	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitogeograficznego	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficznej	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitogeograficznej	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitogeograficznej	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitogeograficznemu	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficzni	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitogeograficzno	fitogeograficzny	adja		
fitogeograficznych	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitogeograficznych	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeograficznych	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeograficzny	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitogeograficzny	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitogeograficznym	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitogeograficznym	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficznym	fitogeograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitogeograficznymi	fitogeograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitohormonach	fitohormon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonami	fitohormon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonem	fitohormon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormon	fitohormon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormon	fitohormon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonie	fitohormon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonie	fitohormon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonom	fitohormon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonowi	fitohormon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonów	fitohormon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormonu	fitohormon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormony	fitohormon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormony	fitohormon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitohormony	fitohormon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimacie	fitoklimat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimacie	fitoklimat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatach	fitoklimat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatami	fitoklimat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatem	fitoklimat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimat	fitoklimat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimat	fitoklimat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatom	fitoklimat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatowi	fitoklimat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatów	fitoklimat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimatu	fitoklimat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimaty	fitoklimat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimaty	fitoklimat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoklimaty	fitoklimat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracjach	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracja	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracjami	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracją	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracje	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracje	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracje	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomeliorację	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracji	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitomelioracji	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracji	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracji	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracjo	fitomelioracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracjom	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitomelioracyj	fitomelioracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitoncydach	fitoncyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydami	fitoncyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydem	fitoncyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncyd	fitoncyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncyd	fitoncyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydom	fitoncyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydowi	fitoncyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydów	fitoncyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydu	fitoncyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydy	fitoncyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydy	fitoncyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydy	fitoncyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydzie	fitoncyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoncydzie	fitoncyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatolodzy	fitopatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatolodzy	fitopatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologach	fitopatolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologa	fitopatolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologa	fitopatolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologami	fitopatolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatolog	fitopatolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiem	fitopatolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologi	fitopatolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologi	fitopatolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologom	fitopatolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologowie	fitopatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologowie	fitopatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologowi	fitopatolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologów	fitopatolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologów	fitopatolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologu	fitopatolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologu	fitopatolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiach	fitopatologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologia	fitopatologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiami	fitopatologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologią	fitopatologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologie	fitopatologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologie	fitopatologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologie	fitopatologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologię	fitopatologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologii	fitopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitopatologii	fitopatologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologii	fitopatologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologii	fitopatologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologij	fitopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitopatologio	fitopatologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiom	fitopatologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologicznościach	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologicznościami	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologicznością	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczności	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologicznościom	fitopatologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczność	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczność	fitopatologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitopatologiczna	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitopatologiczną	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitopatologiczną	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitopatologiczne	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitopatologiczne	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitopatologiczne	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologiczne	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologicznego	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitopatologicznego	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologicznej	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitopatologicznej	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitopatologicznej	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitopatologicznemu	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologiczni	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitopatologiczno	fitopatologiczny	adja		
fitopatologicznych	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitopatologicznych	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitopatologicznych	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitopatologiczny	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitopatologiczny	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitopatologicznym	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitopatologicznym	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologicznym	fitopatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitopatologicznymi	fitopatologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitoplanktonach	fitoplankton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonami	fitoplankton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonem	fitoplankton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplankton	fitoplankton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplankton	fitoplankton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonie	fitoplankton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonie	fitoplankton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonom	fitoplankton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonowi	fitoplankton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonów	fitoplankton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktonu	fitoplankton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktony	fitoplankton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktony	fitoplankton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoplanktony	fitoplankton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarnościach	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarnościami	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarnością	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarności	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarnościom	fitosanitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarność	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarność	fitosanitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosanitarna	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitosanitarną	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitosanitarną	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitosanitarne	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitosanitarne	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitosanitarne	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarne	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarnego	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitosanitarnego	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarnej	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitosanitarnej	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitosanitarnej	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitosanitarnemu	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarni	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitosanitarno	fitosanitarny	adja		
fitosanitarnych	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitosanitarnych	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosanitarnych	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosanitarny	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitosanitarny	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitosanitarnym	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosanitarnym	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarnym	fitosanitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosanitarnymi	fitosanitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjolodzy	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjolodzy	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologach	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologa	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologa	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologami	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjolog	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiem	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologi	fitosocjolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologi	fitosocjolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologom	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologowie	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologowie	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologowi	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologów	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologów	fitosocjolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologu	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologu	fitosocjolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiach	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologia	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiami	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologią	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologie	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologie	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologie	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologię	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologii	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitosocjologii	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologii	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologii	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologij	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitosocjologio	fitosocjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiom	fitosocjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologicznościach	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologicznościami	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologicznością	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczności	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologicznościom	fitosocjologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczność	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczność	fitosocjologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitosocjologiczna	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitosocjologiczną	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitosocjologiczną	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitosocjologiczne	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjologiczne	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjologiczne	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologiczne	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologicznego	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitosocjologicznego	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologicznej	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitosocjologicznej	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitosocjologicznej	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitosocjologicznemu	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologiczni	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitosocjologiczno	fitosocjologiczny	adja		
fitosocjologicznych	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitosocjologicznych	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjologicznych	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjologiczny	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitosocjologiczny	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitosocjologicznym	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosocjologicznym	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologicznym	fitosocjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitosocjologicznymi	fitosocjologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitosterolach	fitosterol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolami	fitosterol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterole	fitosterol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterole	fitosterol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterole	fitosterol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolem	fitosterol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterol	fitosterol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterol	fitosterol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosteroli	fitosterol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolom	fitosterol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolowi	fitosterol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolów	fitosterol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolu	fitosterol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolu	fitosterol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitosterolu	fitosterol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeucie	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeucie	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuci	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuci	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutach	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuta	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutami	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutą	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutę	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuto	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutom	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutów	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutów	fitoterapeuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuty	fitoterapeuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuty	fitoterapeuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeuty	fitoterapeuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutce	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutce	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutek	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutkach	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutka	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutkami	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutką	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutkę	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutki	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutki	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutki	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutki	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutko	fitoterapeutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapeutkom	fitoterapeutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapiach	fitoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapia	fitoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapiami	fitoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapią	fitoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapie	fitoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapie	fitoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapie	fitoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapię	fitoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapii	fitoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fitoterapii	fitoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapii	fitoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapii	fitoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapij	fitoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fitoterapio	fitoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitoterapiom	fitoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksycznościach	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksycznościami	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksycznością	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczności	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksycznościom	fitotoksyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczność	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczność	fitotoksyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotoksyczna	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitotoksyczną	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitotoksyczną	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitotoksyczne	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitotoksyczne	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitotoksyczne	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksyczne	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksycznego	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitotoksycznego	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksycznej	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitotoksycznej	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitotoksycznej	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitotoksycznemu	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksyczni	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitotoksyczno	fitotoksyczny	adja		
fitotoksycznych	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitotoksycznych	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitotoksycznych	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitotoksyczny	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitotoksyczny	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitotoksycznym	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitotoksycznym	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksycznym	fitotoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitotoksycznymi	fitotoksyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitotronach	fitotron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronami	fitotron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronem	fitotron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotron	fitotron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotron	fitotron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronie	fitotron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronie	fitotron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronom	fitotron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronowi	fitotron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronów	fitotron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronu	fitotron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotrony	fitotron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotrony	fitotron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotrony	fitotron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronice	fitotronika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronice	fitotronika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronikach	fitotronika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronika	fitotronika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronikami	fitotronika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniką	fitotronika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronikę	fitotronika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronik	fitotronika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniki	fitotronika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniki	fitotronika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniki	fitotronika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniki	fitotronika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotroniko	fitotronika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitotronikom	fitotronika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ficie	fit:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ficie	fit:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitach	fit:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fita	fit:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fita	fit:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitami	fit:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitem	fit:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fit	fit:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitom	fit:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitowi	fit:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fitów	fit:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fit:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fit:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fity	fit:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ficie	fit:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
ficie	fit:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitach	fit:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fita	fit:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitami	fit:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitem	fit:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fit	fit:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fit	fit:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitom	fit:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitowi	fit:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitów	fit:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitu	fit:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fity	fit:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fity	fit:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fity	fit:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	karc.
fitynach	fityna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityna	fityna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynami	fityna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityną	fityna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynę	fityna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityn	fityna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynie	fityna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynie	fityna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityno	fityna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynom	fityna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityny	fityna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityny	fityna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityny	fityna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fityny	fityna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowościach	fitynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowościami	fitynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowością	fitynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowości	fitynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowościom	fitynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowość	fitynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowość	fitynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fitynowa	fitynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fitynową	fitynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fitynową	fitynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fitynowe	fitynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitynowe	fitynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fitynowe	fitynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fitynowe	fitynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fitynowego	fitynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fitynowego	fitynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitynowej	fitynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fitynowej	fitynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fitynowej	fitynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fitynowemu	fitynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitynowi	fitynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fitynowo	fitynowy	adja		
fitynowych	fitynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fitynowych	fitynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitynowych	fitynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitynowy	fitynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fitynowy	fitynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fitynowym	fitynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fitynowym	fitynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitynowym	fitynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fitynowymi	fitynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fiu	fiu	interj		
fiuczałaby	fiuczeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiuczałabym	fiuczeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiuczałabyś	fiuczeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiuczała	fiuczeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiuczała	fiuczeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiuczałam	fiuczeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiuczałaś	fiuczeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiuczałby	fiuczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiuczałbym	fiuczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiuczałbyś	fiuczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiuczałem	fiuczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiuczałeś	fiuczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiuczał	fiuczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiuczał	fiuczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiuczałoby	fiuczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiuczałobym	fiuczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiuczałobyś	fiuczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiuczało	fiuczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiuczało	fiuczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiuczałom	fiuczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiuczałoś	fiuczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiuczałyby	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiuczałybyście	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiuczałybyśmy	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiuczały	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiuczały	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiuczałyście	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiuczałyśmy	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiuczano	fiuczeć	imps:imperf		
fiucząca	fiuczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiuczącą	fiuczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiuczące	fiuczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiuczące	fiuczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczącego	fiuczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiuczącego	fiuczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczącej	fiuczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiuczącemu	fiuczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiucząc	fiuczeć	pcon:imperf		
fiucząco	fiuczeć	pacta		
fiuczących	fiuczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiuczących	fiuczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiuczący	fiuczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiuczący	fiuczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiuczący	fiuczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiuczącym	fiuczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiuczącym	fiuczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczącymi	fiuczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiuczą	fiuczeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiuczcie	fiuczeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiuczeć	fiuczeć	inf:imperf		
fiuczeliby	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiuczelibyście	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiuczelibyśmy	fiuczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiuczeli	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiuczeli	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiuczeliście	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiuczeliśmy	fiuczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiuczeniach	fiuczeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczenia	fiuczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczenia	fiuczeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczeniami	fiuczeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczenie	fiuczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczeniem	fiuczeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczeniom	fiuczeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczeniu	fiuczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczeń	fiuczeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiuczę	fiuczeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiucz	fiuczeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiuczmy	fiuczeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiuczycie	fiuczeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiuczy	fiuczeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiuczymy	fiuczeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiuczysz	fiuczeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiukacie	fiukać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fiukać	fiukać	inf:imperf		
fiuka	fiukać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fiukająca	fiukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fiukającą	fiukać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fiukające	fiukać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiukające	fiukać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiukającego	fiukać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fiukającego	fiukać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiukającej	fiukać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fiukającemu	fiukać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiukając	fiukać	pcon:imperf		
fiukająco	fiukać	pacta		
fiukających	fiukać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiukających	fiukać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiukający	fiukać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fiukający	fiukać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fiukający	fiukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fiukającym	fiukać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiukającym	fiukać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fiukającymi	fiukać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fiukają	fiukać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fiukajcie	fiukać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fiukaj	fiukać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fiukajmy	fiukać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fiukaliby	fiukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiukalibyście	fiukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiukalibyśmy	fiukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiukali	fiukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fiukali	fiukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fiukaliście	fiukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fiukaliśmy	fiukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fiukałaby	fiukać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiukałabym	fiukać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiukałabyś	fiukać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiukała	fiukać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fiukała	fiukać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fiukałam	fiukać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fiukałaś	fiukać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fiukałby	fiukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiukałbym	fiukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiukałbyś	fiukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiukałem	fiukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fiukałeś	fiukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fiukał	fiukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fiukał	fiukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fiukałoby	fiukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiukałobym	fiukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiukałobyś	fiukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiukało	fiukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fiukało	fiukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fiukałom	fiukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fiukałoś	fiukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fiukałyby	fiukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiukałybyście	fiukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiukałybyśmy	fiukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiukały	fiukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fiukały	fiukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fiukałyście	fiukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fiukałyśmy	fiukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fiukam	fiukać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fiukamy	fiukać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fiukaniach	fiukać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukania	fiukać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukania	fiukać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukaniami	fiukać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukanie	fiukać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukaniem	fiukać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukaniom	fiukać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukaniu	fiukać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukano	fiukać	imps:imperf		
fiukań	fiukać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fiukasz	fiukać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fiuknąć	fiuknąć	inf:perf		
fiukną	fiuknąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
fiuknąłby	fiuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fiuknąłbym	fiuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fiuknąłbyś	fiuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fiuknąłem	fiuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fiuknąłeś	fiuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fiuknął	fiuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
fiuknął	fiuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fiuknąwszy	fiuknąć	pant:perf		
fiuknę	fiuknąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
fiuknęliby	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fiuknęlibyście	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fiuknęlibyśmy	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fiuknęli	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
fiuknęli	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fiuknęliście	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fiuknęliśmy	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fiuknęłaby	fiuknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
fiuknęłabym	fiuknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
fiuknęłabyś	fiuknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
fiuknęła	fiuknąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
fiuknęła	fiuknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
fiuknęłam	fiuknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
fiuknęłaś	fiuknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
fiuknęłoby	fiuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fiuknęłobym	fiuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fiuknęłobyś	fiuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fiuknęło	fiuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
fiuknęło	fiuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fiuknęłom	fiuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fiuknęłoś	fiuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fiuknęłyby	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fiuknęłybyście	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fiuknęłybyśmy	fiuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fiuknęły	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
fiuknęły	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fiuknęłyście	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fiuknęłyśmy	fiuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fiukniecie	fiuknąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
fiuknie	fiuknąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
fiukniemy	fiuknąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
fiukniesz	fiuknąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
fiuknięciach	fiuknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięcia	fiuknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięcia	fiuknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięciami	fiuknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięcie	fiuknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięciem	fiuknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięciom	fiuknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięciu	fiuknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięć	fiuknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fiuknięto	fiuknąć	imps:perf		
fiuknijcie	fiuknąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
fiuknij	fiuknąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
fiuknijmy	fiuknąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiume	fiume	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|pot.
fiumoarach	fiumoar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarami	fiumoar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarem	fiumoar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoar	fiumoar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoar	fiumoar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarom	fiumoar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarowi	fiumoar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarów	fiumoar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoaru	fiumoar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoary	fiumoar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoary	fiumoar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoary	fiumoar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarze	fiumoar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiumoarze	fiumoar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fiut	fiut:i	interj		
fiucie	fiut:s	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiucie	fiut:s	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutach	fiut:s	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiuta	fiut:s	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiuta	fiut:s	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutami	fiut:s	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutem	fiut:s	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiut	fiut:s	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutom	fiut:s	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutowi	fiut:s	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutów	fiut:s	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiuty	fiut:s	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiuty	fiut:s	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiuty	fiut:s	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fiutyniec	fiutyniec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcach	fiutyniec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńca	fiutyniec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńca	fiutyniec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcami	fiutyniec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńce	fiutyniec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńce	fiutyniec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcem	fiutyniec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcom	fiutyniec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcowi	fiutyniec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńców	fiutyniec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńców	fiutyniec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcu	fiutyniec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcu	fiutyniec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcy	fiutyniec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyńcy	fiutyniec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwach	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwa	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwa	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwa	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwa	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwami	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwem	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństw	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwie	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwo	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwo	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwo	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwom	fiutyństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fiutyństwu	fiutyństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fixingach	fixing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingami	fixing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixing	fixing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixing	fixing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingiem	fixing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingi	fixing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingi	fixing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingi	fixing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingom	fixing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingowi	fixing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingów	fixing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingu	fixing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingu	fixing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fixingu	fixing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinach	fizelina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelina	fizelina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinami	fizelina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizeliną	fizelina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinę	fizelina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelin	fizelina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinie	fizelina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinie	fizelina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelino	fizelina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizelinom	fizelina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizeliny	fizelina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizeliny	fizelina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizeliny	fizelina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizeliny	fizelina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynach	fizetyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyna	fizetyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynami	fizetyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyną	fizetyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynę	fizetyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyn	fizetyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynie	fizetyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynie	fizetyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyno	fizetyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetynom	fizetyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyny	fizetyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyny	fizetyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyny	fizetyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizetyny	fizetyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizis	fizis	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizjogeografiach	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografia	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografiami	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografią	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografie	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografie	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografie	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografię	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografii	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjogeografii	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografii	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografii	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografij	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjogeografio	fizjogeografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjogeografiom	fizjogeografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiach	fizjognomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomia	fizjognomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomiami	fizjognomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomią	fizjognomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomie	fizjognomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomie	fizjognomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomie	fizjognomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomię	fizjognomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomii	fizjognomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
fizjognomii	fizjognomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomii	fizjognomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomii	fizjognomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomij	fizjognomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
fizjognomio	fizjognomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomiom	fizjognomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fizjognomice	fizjognomika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomice	fizjognomika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomikach	fizjognomika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomika	fizjognomika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomikami	fizjognomika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiką	fizjognomika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomikę	fizjognomika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomik	fizjognomika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiki	fizjognomika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiki	fizjognomika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiki	fizjognomika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiki	fizjognomika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomiko	fizjognomika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjognomikom	fizjognomika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografach	fizjograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografa	fizjograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografa	fizjograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografami	fizjograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografem	fizjograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograf	fizjograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografie	fizjograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografie	fizjograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografom	fizjograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografowie	fizjograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografowie	fizjograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografowi	fizjograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografów	fizjograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografów	fizjograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografy	fizjograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografy	fizjograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografiach	fizjografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografia	fizjografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografiami	fizjografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografią	fizjografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografie	fizjografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografie	fizjografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografie	fizjografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografię	fizjografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografii	fizjografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjografii	fizjografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografii	fizjografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografii	fizjografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografij	fizjografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjografio	fizjografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjografiom	fizjografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficznie	fizjograficznie	adv:pos		
fizjograficznościach	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficznościami	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficznością	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzności	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficznościom	fizjograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzność	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzność	fizjograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjograficzna	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizjograficzną	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizjograficzną	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizjograficzne	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjograficzne	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjograficzne	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficzne	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficznego	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizjograficznego	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficznej	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizjograficznej	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizjograficznej	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizjograficznemu	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficzni	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjograficzno	fizjograficzny	adja		
fizjograficznych	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjograficznych	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjograficznych	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjograficzny	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizjograficzny	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizjograficznym	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjograficznym	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficznym	fizjograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjograficznymi	fizjograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokracie	fizjokrata	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokracie	fizjokrata	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokraci	fizjokrata	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokraci	fizjokrata	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratach	fizjokrata	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokrata	fizjokrata	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratami	fizjokrata	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratą	fizjokrata	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratę	fizjokrata	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokrato	fizjokrata	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratom	fizjokrata	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratów	fizjokrata	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratów	fizjokrata	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokraty	fizjokrata	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokraty	fizjokrata	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokraty	fizjokrata	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratycznościach	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratycznościami	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratycznością	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczności	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratycznościom	fizjokratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczność	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczność	fizjokratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyczna	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizjokratyczną	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizjokratyczną	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizjokratyczne	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratyczne	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratyczne	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratyczne	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratycznego	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizjokratycznego	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratycznej	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizjokratycznej	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizjokratycznej	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizjokratycznemu	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratyczni	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjokratyczno	fizjokratyczny	adja		
fizjokratycznych	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjokratycznych	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratycznych	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratyczny	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizjokratyczny	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizjokratycznym	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratycznym	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratycznym	fizjokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjokratycznymi	fizjokratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjokratyzmach	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmami	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmem	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzm	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzm	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmie	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmie	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmom	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmowi	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmów	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmu	fizjokratyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmy	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmy	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjokratyzmy	fizjokratyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjolodzy	fizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjolodzy	fizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologach	fizjolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologa	fizjolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologa	fizjolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologami	fizjolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjolog	fizjolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiem	fizjolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologi	fizjolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologi	fizjolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologom	fizjolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologowie	fizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologowie	fizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologowi	fizjolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologów	fizjolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologów	fizjolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologu	fizjolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologu	fizjolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiach	fizjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologia	fizjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiami	fizjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologią	fizjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologie	fizjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologie	fizjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologie	fizjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologię	fizjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologii	fizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjologii	fizjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologii	fizjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologii	fizjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologij	fizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjologio	fizjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiom	fizjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologicznie	fizjologicznie	adv:pos		
fizjologicznościach	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologicznościami	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologicznością	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczności	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologicznościom	fizjologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczność	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczność	fizjologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologiczna	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizjologiczną	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizjologiczną	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizjologiczne	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologiczne	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologiczne	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjologiczne	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjologicznego	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizjologicznego	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjologicznej	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizjologicznej	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizjologicznej	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizjologicznemu	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjologiczni	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjologiczno	fizjologiczny	adja		
fizjologicznych	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjologicznych	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologicznych	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologiczny	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizjologiczny	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizjologicznym	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologicznym	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjologicznym	fizjologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjologicznymi	fizjologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjologizmach	fizjologizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmami	fizjologizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmem	fizjologizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizm	fizjologizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizm	fizjologizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmie	fizjologizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmie	fizjologizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmom	fizjologizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmowi	fizjologizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmów	fizjologizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmu	fizjologizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmy	fizjologizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmy	fizjologizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjologizmy	fizjologizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiach	fizjonomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomia	fizjonomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiami	fizjonomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomią	fizjonomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomie	fizjonomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomie	fizjonomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomie	fizjonomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomię	fizjonomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomii	fizjonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjonomii	fizjonomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomii	fizjonomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomii	fizjonomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomij	fizjonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjonomio	fizjonomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiom	fizjonomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomicznościach	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomicznościami	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomicznością	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczności	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomicznościom	fizjonomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczność	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczność	fizjonomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiczna	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizjonomiczną	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizjonomiczną	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizjonomiczne	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomiczne	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomiczne	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomiczne	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomicznego	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizjonomicznego	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomicznej	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizjonomicznej	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizjonomicznej	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizjonomicznemu	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomiczni	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjonomiczno	fizjonomiczny	adja		
fizjonomicznych	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjonomicznych	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomicznych	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomiczny	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizjonomiczny	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizjonomicznym	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomicznym	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomicznym	fizjonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjonomicznymi	fizjonomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjonomijce	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijce	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijek	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijkach	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijka	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijkami	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijką	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijkę	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijki	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijki	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijki	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijki	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijko	fizjonomijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomijkom	fizjonomijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomice	fizjonomika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomice	fizjonomika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomikach	fizjonomika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomika	fizjonomika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomikami	fizjonomika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiką	fizjonomika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomikę	fizjonomika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomik	fizjonomika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiki	fizjonomika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiki	fizjonomika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiki	fizjonomika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiki	fizjonomika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiko	fizjonomika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomikom	fizjonomika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistach	fizjonomista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomista	fizjonomista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistami	fizjonomista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistą	fizjonomista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistę	fizjonomista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomisto	fizjonomista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistom	fizjonomista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistów	fizjonomista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomistów	fizjonomista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomisty	fizjonomista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomisty	fizjonomista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomisty	fizjonomista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiście	fizjonomista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiście	fizjonomista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiści	fizjonomista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjonomiści	fizjonomista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologiach	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologia	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologiami	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologią	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologie	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologie	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologie	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologię	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologii	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjopatologii	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologii	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologii	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologij	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjopatologio	fizjopatologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjopatologiom	fizjopatologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeucie	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeucie	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuci	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuci	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutach	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuta	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutami	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutą	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutę	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuto	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutom	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutów	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutów	fizjoterapeuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuty	fizjoterapeuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuty	fizjoterapeuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeuty	fizjoterapeuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutce	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutce	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutek	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutkach	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutka	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutkami	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutką	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutkę	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutki	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutki	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutki	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutki	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutko	fizjoterapeutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutkom	fizjoterapeutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutycznościach	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutycznościami	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutycznością	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczności	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutycznościom	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczność	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczność	fizjoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapeutyczna	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczną	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczną	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczne	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczne	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczne	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczne	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznego	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznego	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznej	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznej	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznej	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznemu	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczni	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczno	fizjoterapeutyczny	adja		
fizjoterapeutycznych	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznych	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznych	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczny	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizjoterapeutyczny	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznym	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznym	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznym	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizjoterapeutycznymi	fizjoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizjoterapiach	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapia	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapiami	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapią	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapie	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapie	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapie	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapię	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapii	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizjoterapii	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapii	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapii	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapij	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizjoterapio	fizjoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjoterapiom	fizjoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopach	fizjotop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopami	fizjotop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopem	fizjotop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotop	fizjotop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotop	fizjotop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopie	fizjotop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopie	fizjotop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopom	fizjotop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopowi	fizjotop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopów	fizjotop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopu	fizjotop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopy	fizjotop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopy	fizjotop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizjotopy	fizjotop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizycznie	fizycznie	adv:pos		
fizycznościach	fizyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizycznościami	fizyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizycznością	fizyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczności	fizyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizycznościom	fizyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczność	fizyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczność	fizyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyczna	fizyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizyczną	fizyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizyczną	fizyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizyczne	fizyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizyczne	fizyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizyczne	fizyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizyczne	fizyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizycznego	fizyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizycznego	fizyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizycznej	fizyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizycznej	fizyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizycznej	fizyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizycznemu	fizyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizyczni	fizyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizyczno	fizyczny	adja		
fizycznych	fizyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizycznych	fizyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizycznych	fizyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizyczny	fizyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizyczny	fizyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizycznym	fizyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizycznym	fizyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizycznym	fizyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizycznymi	fizyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizycy	fizyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizycy	fizyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykach	fizyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyka	fizyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyka	fizyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykami	fizyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyk	fizyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykiem	fizyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizykom	fizyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykowi	fizyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyków	fizyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyków	fizyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyku	fizyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyku	fizyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyce	fizyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyce	fizyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykach	fizyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyka	fizyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykami	fizyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyką	fizyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykę	fizyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyk	fizyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyki	fizyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizyko	fizyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykom	fizyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmach	fizykalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmami	fizykalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmem	fizykalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizm	fizykalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizm	fizykalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmie	fizykalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmie	fizykalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmom	fizykalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmowi	fizykalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmów	fizykalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmu	fizykalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmy	fizykalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmy	fizykalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalizmy	fizykalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalnie	fizykalnie	adv:pos		
fizykalnościach	fizykalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalnościami	fizykalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalnością	fizykalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalności	fizykalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalnościom	fizykalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalność	fizykalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalność	fizykalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykalna	fizykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizykalną	fizykalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizykalną	fizykalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizykalne	fizykalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykalne	fizykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykalne	fizykalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykalne	fizykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykalnego	fizykalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizykalnego	fizykalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykalnej	fizykalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizykalnej	fizykalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizykalnej	fizykalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizykalnemu	fizykalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykalni	fizykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykalno	fizykalny	adja		
fizykalnych	fizykalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykalnych	fizykalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykalnych	fizykalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykalny	fizykalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizykalny	fizykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizykalnym	fizykalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykalnym	fizykalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykalnym	fizykalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykalnymi	fizykalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemiach	fizykochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemia	fizykochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiami	fizykochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemią	fizykochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemie	fizykochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemie	fizykochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemie	fizykochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemię	fizykochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemii	fizykochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fizykochemii	fizykochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemii	fizykochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemii	fizykochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemij	fizykochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fizykochemio	fizykochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiom	fizykochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemicznościach	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemicznościami	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemicznością	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczności	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemicznościom	fizykochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczność	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczność	fizykochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiczna	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizykochemiczną	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizykochemiczną	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizykochemiczne	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemiczne	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemiczne	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemiczne	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemicznego	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizykochemicznego	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemicznej	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizykochemicznej	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizykochemicznej	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizykochemicznemu	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemiczni	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykochemiczno	fizykochemiczny	adja		
fizykochemicznych	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykochemicznych	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemicznych	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemiczny	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizykochemiczny	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizykochemicznym	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemicznym	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemicznym	fizykochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykochemicznymi	fizykochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykochemicy	fizykochemik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemicy	fizykochemik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemikach	fizykochemik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemika	fizykochemik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemika	fizykochemik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemikami	fizykochemik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemik	fizykochemik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemikiem	fizykochemik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiki	fizykochemik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiki	fizykochemik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemikom	fizykochemik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemikowi	fizykochemik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemików	fizykochemik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemików	fizykochemik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiku	fizykochemik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykochemiku	fizykochemik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeucie	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeucie	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuci	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuci	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutach	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuta	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutami	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutą	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutę	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuto	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutom	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutów	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutów	fizykoterapeuta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuty	fizykoterapeuta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuty	fizykoterapeuta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeuty	fizykoterapeuta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutce	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutce	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutek	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutkach	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutka	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutkami	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutką	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutkę	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutki	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutki	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutki	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutki	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutko	fizykoterapeutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutkom	fizykoterapeutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutycznościach	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutycznościami	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutycznością	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczności	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutycznościom	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczność	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczność	fizykoterapeutyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizykoterapeutyczna	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczną	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczną	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczne	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczne	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczne	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczne	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznego	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznego	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznej	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznej	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznej	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznemu	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczni	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczno	fizykoterapeutyczny	adja		
fizykoterapeutycznych	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznych	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznych	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczny	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizykoterapeutyczny	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznym	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznym	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznym	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizykoterapeutycznymi	fizykoterapeutyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizykoterapiach	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapia	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapiami	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapią	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapie	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapie	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapie	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapię	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapii	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
fizykoterapii	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapii	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapii	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapij	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
fizykoterapio	fizykoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykoterapiom	fizykoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fizykusach	fizykus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusa	fizykus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusa	fizykus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusami	fizykus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusem	fizykus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykus	fizykus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusie	fizykus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusie	fizykus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusi	fizykus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusi	fizykus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusom	fizykus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusowi	fizykus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusów	fizykus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusów	fizykus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusy	fizykus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizykusy	fizykus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fizylierach	fizylier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyliera	fizylier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyliera	fizylier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierami	fizylier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierem	fizylier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylier	fizylier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierom	fizylier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierowi	fizylier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierów	fizylier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierów	fizylier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizyliery	fizylier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizyliery	fizylier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierze	fizylier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierze	fizylier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierzy	fizylier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierzy	fizylier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierce	fizylierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierce	fizylierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierek	fizylierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierkach	fizylierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierka	fizylierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierkami	fizylierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierką	fizylierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierkę	fizylierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierki	fizylierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierki	fizylierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierki	fizylierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierki	fizylierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierko	fizylierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierkom	fizylierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierscy	fizylierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fizylierska	fizylierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fizylierską	fizylierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fizylierską	fizylierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fizylierskich	fizylierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fizylierskich	fizylierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizylierskich	fizylierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizylierskie	fizylierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizylierskie	fizylierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fizylierskie	fizylierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fizylierskie	fizylierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fizylierskiego	fizylierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fizylierskiego	fizylierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizylierskiej	fizylierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fizylierskiej	fizylierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fizylierskiej	fizylierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fizylierskiemu	fizylierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizylierski	fizylierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fizylierski	fizylierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fizylierskim	fizylierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizylierskim	fizylierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizylierskim	fizylierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fizylierskimi	fizylierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fizyliersko	fizylierski	adja		
fizyliersku	fizylierski	adjp		
fizyliersko	fizyliersko	adv:pos		
fizylierskościach	fizylierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskościami	fizylierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskością	fizylierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskości	fizylierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskościom	fizylierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskość	fizylierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizylierskość	fizylierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fizys	fizys	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	erud.
fiżonach	fiżon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonami	fiżon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonem	fiżon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżon	fiżon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżon	fiżon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonie	fiżon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonie	fiżon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonom	fiżon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonowi	fiżon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonów	fiżon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżonu	fiżon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżony	fiżon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżony	fiżon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fiżony	fiżon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
f-ce	f-ka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ce	f-ka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-kach	f-ka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ka	f-ka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-kami	f-ka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ką	f-ka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-kę	f-ka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-k	f-ka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ki	f-ka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ki	f-ka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ki	f-ka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ki	f-ka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ko	f-ka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-kom	f-ka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flachach	flacha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flacha	flacha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachami	flacha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachą	flacha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachę	flacha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flach	flacha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flacho	flacha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachom	flacha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachy	flacha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachy	flacha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachy	flacha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachy	flacha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flasze	flacha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flasze	flacha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flachcęgach	flachcęgi	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgami	flachcęgi	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgi	flachcęgi	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgi	flachcęgi	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgi	flachcęgi	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgom	flachcęgi	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flachcęgów	flachcęgi	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczarce	flaczarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarce	flaczarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarek	flaczarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarkach	flaczarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarka	flaczarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarkami	flaczarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarką	flaczarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarkę	flaczarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarki	flaczarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarki	flaczarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarki	flaczarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarki	flaczarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarko	flaczarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarkom	flaczarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarniach	flaczarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnia	flaczarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarniami	flaczarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnią	flaczarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnie	flaczarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnie	flaczarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnie	flaczarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnię	flaczarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarni	flaczarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
flaczarni	flaczarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarni	flaczarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarni	flaczarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarnio	flaczarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarniom	flaczarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarń	flaczarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|przest.
flaczarzach	flaczarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzach	flaczarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarza	flaczarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarza	flaczarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarza	flaczarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarza	flaczarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzami	flaczarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzami	flaczarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarze	flaczarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarze	flaczarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarze	flaczarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarze	flaczarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarze	flaczarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarze	flaczarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarze	flaczarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarze	flaczarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzem	flaczarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzem	flaczarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarz	flaczarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarz	flaczarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzom	flaczarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzom	flaczarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzowi	flaczarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzowi	flaczarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzów	flaczarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzów	flaczarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzu	flaczarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzu	flaczarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzu	flaczarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzu	flaczarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
flaczarzy	flaczarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczarzy	flaczarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaczałaby	flaczeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flaczałabym	flaczeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flaczałabyś	flaczeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flaczała	flaczeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flaczała	flaczeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flaczałam	flaczeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flaczałaś	flaczeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flaczałby	flaczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flaczałbym	flaczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flaczałbyś	flaczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flaczałem	flaczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flaczałeś	flaczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flaczał	flaczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flaczał	flaczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flaczałoby	flaczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flaczałobym	flaczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flaczałobyś	flaczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flaczało	flaczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flaczało	flaczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flaczałom	flaczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flaczałoś	flaczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flaczałyby	flaczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flaczałybyście	flaczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flaczałybyśmy	flaczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flaczały	flaczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flaczały	flaczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flaczałyście	flaczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flaczałyśmy	flaczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flaczano	flaczeć	imps:imperf		
flaczeć	flaczeć	inf:imperf		
flaczejąca	flaczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flaczejącą	flaczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flaczejące	flaczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flaczejące	flaczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flaczejącego	flaczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flaczejącego	flaczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flaczejącej	flaczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flaczejącemu	flaczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flaczejąc	flaczeć	pcon:imperf		
flaczejąco	flaczeć	pacta		
flaczejących	flaczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flaczejących	flaczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flaczejący	flaczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flaczejący	flaczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flaczejący	flaczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flaczejącym	flaczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flaczejącym	flaczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flaczejącymi	flaczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flaczeją	flaczeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flaczejcie	flaczeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flaczejecie	flaczeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flaczeje	flaczeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flaczejemy	flaczeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flaczejesz	flaczeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flaczeję	flaczeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flaczej	flaczeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flaczejmy	flaczeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flaczeliby	flaczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flaczelibyście	flaczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flaczelibyśmy	flaczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flaczeli	flaczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flaczeli	flaczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flaczeliście	flaczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flaczeliśmy	flaczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flaczeniach	flaczeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczenia	flaczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczenia	flaczeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczeniami	flaczeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczenie	flaczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczeniem	flaczeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczeniom	flaczeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczeniu	flaczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczeń	flaczeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flaczek	flaczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczek	flaczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkach	flaczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczka	flaczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkami	flaczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkiem	flaczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczki	flaczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczki	flaczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczki	flaczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkom	flaczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkowi	flaczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczków	flaczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczku	flaczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczku	flaczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaczkach	flaczki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczkami	flaczki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczki	flaczki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczki	flaczki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczki	flaczki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczkom	flaczki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaczków	flaczki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flader	flader	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flader	flader	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrach	flader	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladra	flader	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrami	flader	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrem	flader	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrom	flader	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowi	flader	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrów	flader	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladry	flader	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladry	flader	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladry	flader	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrze	flader	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladrze	flader	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fladerkować	fladerkować	inf:imperf		
fladerkowaliby	fladerkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladerkowalibyście	fladerkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladerkowalibyśmy	fladerkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladerkowali	fladerkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fladerkowali	fladerkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladerkowaliście	fladerkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladerkowaliśmy	fladerkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałaby	fladerkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałabym	fladerkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałabyś	fladerkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladerkowała	fladerkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fladerkowała	fladerkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałam	fladerkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałaś	fladerkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladerkowałby	fladerkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałbym	fladerkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałbyś	fladerkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladerkowałem	fladerkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałeś	fladerkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladerkował	fladerkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fladerkował	fladerkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałoby	fladerkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałobym	fladerkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałobyś	fladerkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladerkowało	fladerkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fladerkowało	fladerkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałom	fladerkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladerkowałoś	fladerkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladerkowałyby	fladerkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałybyście	fladerkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladerkowałybyśmy	fladerkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladerkowały	fladerkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fladerkowały	fladerkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladerkowałyście	fladerkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladerkowałyśmy	fladerkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladerkowana	fladerkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaną	fladerkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkowane	fladerkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowane	fladerkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanego	fladerkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanego	fladerkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanej	fladerkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanemu	fladerkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaniach	fladerkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowania	fladerkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowania	fladerkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaniami	fladerkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanie	fladerkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaniem	fladerkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowani	fladerkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaniom	fladerkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowaniu	fladerkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowano	fladerkować	imps:imperf		
fladerkowanych	fladerkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanych	fladerkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowany	fladerkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowany	fladerkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanym	fladerkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanym	fladerkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkowanymi	fladerkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkowań	fladerkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkująca	fladerkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkującą	fladerkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkujące	fladerkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkujące	fladerkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkującego	fladerkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladerkującego	fladerkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkującej	fladerkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladerkującemu	fladerkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkując	fladerkować	pcon:imperf		
fladerkująco	fladerkować	pacta		
fladerkujących	fladerkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladerkujących	fladerkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkujący	fladerkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladerkujący	fladerkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladerkujący	fladerkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladerkującym	fladerkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkującym	fladerkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladerkującymi	fladerkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladerkują	fladerkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fladerkujcie	fladerkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fladerkujecie	fladerkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fladerkuje	fladerkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fladerkujemy	fladerkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fladerkujesz	fladerkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fladerkuję	fladerkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fladerkuj	fladerkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fladerkujmy	fladerkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fladrach	fladra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladra	fladra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrami	fladra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrą	fladra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrę	fladra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladr	fladra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladro	fladra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrom	fladra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladry	fladra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladry	fladra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladry	fladra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladry	fladra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrze	fladra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrze	fladra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrować	fladrować:v1	inf:imperf		
fladrowaliby	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladrowalibyście	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladrowalibyśmy	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladrowali	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fladrowali	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladrowaliście	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladrowaliśmy	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladrowałaby	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladrowałabym	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladrowałabyś	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladrowała	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fladrowała	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladrowałam	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladrowałaś	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladrowałby	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałbym	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladrowałbyś	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałem	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladrowałeś	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladrował	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fladrował	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałoby	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladrowałobym	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladrowałobyś	fladrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladrowało	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fladrowało	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladrowałom	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladrowałoś	fladrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladrowałyby	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałybyście	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałybyśmy	fladrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladrowały	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fladrowały	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałyście	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałyśmy	fladrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladrowana	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowaną	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowane	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowane	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanego	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanego	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanej	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowanemu	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniach	fladrować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowania	fladrować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowania	fladrować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniami	fladrować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanie	fladrować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniem	fladrować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowani	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniom	fladrować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniu	fladrować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowano	fladrować:v1	imps:imperf		
fladrowanych	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrowanych	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowany	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladrowany	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladrowanym	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowanym	fladrować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanymi	fladrować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowań	fladrować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrująca	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrującą	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladrujące	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrujące	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującego	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladrującego	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującej	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrującemu	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrując	fladrować:v1	pcon:imperf		
fladrująco	fladrować:v1	pacta		
fladrujących	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrujących	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladrującym	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrującym	fladrować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującymi	fladrować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrują	fladrować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fladrujcie	fladrować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fladrujecie	fladrować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fladruje	fladrować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fladrujemy	fladrować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fladrujesz	fladrować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fladruję	fladrować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fladruj	fladrować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fladrujmy	fladrować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fladrować	fladrować:v2	inf:imperf		
fladrowaliby	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladrowalibyście	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladrowalibyśmy	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladrowali	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fladrowali	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fladrowaliście	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fladrowaliśmy	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fladrowałaby	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladrowałabym	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladrowałabyś	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladrowała	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fladrowała	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fladrowałam	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fladrowałaś	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fladrowałby	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałbym	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladrowałbyś	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałem	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fladrowałeś	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fladrował	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fladrował	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałoby	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladrowałobym	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladrowałobyś	fladrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladrowało	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fladrowało	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fladrowałom	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fladrowałoś	fladrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fladrowałyby	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałybyście	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałybyśmy	fladrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladrowały	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fladrowały	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fladrowałyście	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fladrowałyśmy	fladrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fladrowana	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowaną	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowane	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowane	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanego	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanego	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanej	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrowanemu	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniach	fladrować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowania	fladrować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowania	fladrować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniami	fladrować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanie	fladrować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniem	fladrować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowani	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniom	fladrować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowaniu	fladrować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowano	fladrować:v2	imps:imperf		
fladrowanych	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrowanych	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowany	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladrowany	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladrowanym	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowanym	fladrować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrowanymi	fladrować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrowań	fladrować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fladrująca	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrującą	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fladrujące	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrujące	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującego	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fladrującego	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującej	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fladrującemu	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrując	fladrować:v2	pcon:imperf		
fladrująco	fladrować:v2	pacta		
fladrujących	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrujących	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fladrujący	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fladrującym	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrującym	fladrować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fladrującymi	fladrować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fladrują	fladrować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fladrujcie	fladrować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fladrujecie	fladrować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fladruje	fladrować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fladrujemy	fladrować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fladrujesz	fladrować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fladruję	fladrować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fladruj	fladrować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fladrujmy	fladrować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fladrowatościach	fladrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatościami	fladrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatością	fladrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatości	fladrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatościom	fladrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatość	fladrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowatość	fladrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowaci	fladrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fladrowata	fladrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fladrowatą	fladrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fladrowatą	fladrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fladrowate	fladrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowate	fladrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowate	fladrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fladrowate	fladrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fladrowatego	fladrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fladrowatego	fladrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowatej	fladrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fladrowatej	fladrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fladrowatej	fladrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fladrowatemu	fladrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowato	fladrowaty	adja		
fladrowatych	fladrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fladrowatych	fladrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowatych	fladrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowaty	fladrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fladrowaty	fladrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fladrowatym	fladrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowatym	fladrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowatym	fladrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowatymi	fladrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrownicy	fladrownik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownicy	fladrownik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownikach	fladrownik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownika	fladrownik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownika	fladrownik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownikami	fladrownik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownik	fladrownik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownikiem	fladrownik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowniki	fladrownik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowniki	fladrownik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownikom	fladrownik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrownikowi	fladrownik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowników	fladrownik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowników	fladrownik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowniku	fladrownik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowniku	fladrownik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	łow.
fladrowościach	fladrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowościami	fladrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowością	fladrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowości	fladrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowościom	fladrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowość	fladrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowość	fladrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladrowa	fladrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fladrową	fladrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fladrową	fladrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fladrowe	fladrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowe	fladrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowe	fladrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fladrowe	fladrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fladrowego	fladrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fladrowego	fladrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowej	fladrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fladrowej	fladrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fladrowej	fladrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fladrowemu	fladrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowi	fladrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fladrowo	fladrowy	adja		
fladrowych	fladrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fladrowych	fladrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowych	fladrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowy	fladrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fladrowy	fladrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fladrowym	fladrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladrowym	fladrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowym	fladrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fladrowymi	fladrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fladze	flaga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fladze	flaga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagach	flaga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaga	flaga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagami	flaga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagą	flaga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagę	flaga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flag	flaga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagi	flaga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagi	flaga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagi	flaga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagi	flaga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flago	flaga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagom	flaga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagelancie	flagelant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelancie	flagelant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanci	flagelant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanci	flagelant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantach	flagelant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanta	flagelant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanta	flagelant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantami	flagelant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantem	flagelant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelant	flagelant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantom	flagelant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantowi	flagelant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantów	flagelant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelantów	flagelant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanty	flagelant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flagelanty	flagelant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flagellancie	flagellant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellancie	flagellant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanci	flagellant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanci	flagellant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantach	flagellant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanta	flagellant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanta	flagellant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantami	flagellant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantem	flagellant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellant	flagellant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantom	flagellant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantowi	flagellant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantów	flagellant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellantów	flagellant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanty	flagellant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flagellanty	flagellant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flageolecie	flageolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolecie	flageolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletach	flageolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletami	flageolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletem	flageolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolet	flageolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolet	flageolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletom	flageolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletowi	flageolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletów	flageolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageoletu	flageolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolety	flageolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolety	flageolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flageolety	flageolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaglince	flaglinka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglince	flaglinka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinek	flaglinka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinkach	flaglinka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinka	flaglinka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinkami	flaglinka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinką	flaglinka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinkę	flaglinka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinki	flaglinka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinki	flaglinka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinki	flaglinka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinki	flaglinka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinko	flaglinka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flaglinkom	flaglinka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagować	flagować	inf:imperf		
flagowaliby	flagować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flagowalibyście	flagować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flagowalibyśmy	flagować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flagowali	flagować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flagowali	flagować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flagowaliście	flagować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flagowaliśmy	flagować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flagowałaby	flagować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flagowałabym	flagować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flagowałabyś	flagować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flagowała	flagować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flagowała	flagować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flagowałam	flagować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flagowałaś	flagować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flagowałby	flagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flagowałbym	flagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flagowałbyś	flagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flagowałem	flagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flagowałeś	flagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flagował	flagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flagował	flagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flagowałoby	flagować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flagowałobym	flagować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flagowałobyś	flagować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flagowało	flagować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flagowało	flagować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flagowałom	flagować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flagowałoś	flagować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flagowałyby	flagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flagowałybyście	flagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flagowałybyśmy	flagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flagowały	flagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flagowały	flagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flagowałyście	flagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flagowałyśmy	flagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flagowana	flagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flagowaną	flagować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flagowane	flagować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagowane	flagować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagowanego	flagować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flagowanego	flagować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagowanej	flagować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flagowanemu	flagować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagowaniach	flagować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowania	flagować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowania	flagować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowaniami	flagować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowanie	flagować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowaniem	flagować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowani	flagować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flagowaniom	flagować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowaniu	flagować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flagowano	flagować	imps:imperf		
flagowanych	flagować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flagowanych	flagować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagowany	flagować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flagowany	flagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flagowanym	flagować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagowanym	flagować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagowanymi	flagować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagowań	flagować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flagująca	flagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flagującą	flagować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flagujące	flagować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagujące	flagować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagującego	flagować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flagującego	flagować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagującej	flagować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flagującemu	flagować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagując	flagować	pcon:imperf		
flagująco	flagować	pacta		
flagujących	flagować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flagujących	flagować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagujący	flagować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flagujący	flagować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flagujący	flagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flagującym	flagować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagującym	flagować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flagującymi	flagować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flagują	flagować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flagujcie	flagować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flagujecie	flagować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flaguje	flagować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flagujemy	flagować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flagujesz	flagować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flaguję	flagować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flaguj	flagować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flagujmy	flagować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flagowcach	flagowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcach	flagowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowca	flagowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowca	flagowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowca	flagowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcami	flagowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcami	flagowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowce	flagowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcem	flagowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcem	flagowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcom	flagowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcom	flagowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcowi	flagowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcowi	flagowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowców	flagowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowców	flagowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcu	flagowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcu	flagowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowcu	flagowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowcu	flagowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowiec	flagowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowiec	flagowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flagowiec	flagowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flagowościach	flagowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowościami	flagowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowością	flagowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowości	flagowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowościom	flagowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowość	flagowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowość	flagowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flagowa	flagowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flagową	flagowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flagową	flagowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flagowe	flagowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flagowe	flagowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flagowe	flagowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flagowe	flagowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flagowego	flagowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flagowego	flagowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flagowej	flagowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flagowej	flagowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flagowej	flagowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flagowemu	flagowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flagowi	flagowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flagowo	flagowy	adja		
flagowych	flagowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flagowych	flagowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flagowych	flagowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flagowy	flagowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flagowy	flagowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flagowym	flagowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flagowym	flagowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flagowym	flagowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flagowymi	flagowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flagstendze	flagstenga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstendze	flagstenga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengach	flagstenga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstenga	flagstenga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengami	flagstenga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengą	flagstenga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengę	flagstenga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsteng	flagstenga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengi	flagstenga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengi	flagstenga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengi	flagstenga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengi	flagstenga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengo	flagstenga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagstengom	flagstenga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztokach	flagsztok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoka	flagsztok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztokami	flagsztok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztok	flagsztok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztok	flagsztok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztokiem	flagsztok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoki	flagsztok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoki	flagsztok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoki	flagsztok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztokom	flagsztok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztokowi	flagsztok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoków	flagsztok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoku	flagsztok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flagsztoku	flagsztok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
flakach	flak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaka	flak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakami	flak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flak	flak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flak	flak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakiem	flak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaki	flak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaki	flak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaki	flak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakom	flak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakowi	flak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaków	flak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaku	flak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaku	flak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakach	flaki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flakami	flaki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaki	flaki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaki	flaki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaki	flaki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flakom	flaki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flaków	flaki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
flakonach	flakon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonami	flakon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonem	flakon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakon	flakon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakon	flakon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonie	flakon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonie	flakon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonom	flakon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonowi	flakon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonów	flakon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonu	flakon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakony	flakon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakony	flakon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakony	flakon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczek	flakoniczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczek	flakoniczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczkach	flakoniczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczka	flakoniczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczkami	flakoniczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczkiem	flakoniczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczki	flakoniczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczki	flakoniczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczki	flakoniczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczkom	flakoniczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczkowi	flakoniczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczków	flakoniczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczku	flakoniczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniczku	flakoniczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonikach	flakonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonika	flakonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonikami	flakonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonik	flakonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonik	flakonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonikiem	flakonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniki	flakonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniki	flakonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniki	flakonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonikom	flakonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakonikowi	flakonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoników	flakonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniku	flakonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakoniku	flakonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flakowaceniach	flakowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowacenia	flakowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowacenia	flakowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaceniami	flakowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowacenie	flakowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaceniem	flakowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaceniom	flakowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaceniu	flakowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaceń	flakowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciałaby	flakowacieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałabym	flakowacieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałabyś	flakowacieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flakowaciała	flakowacieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flakowaciała	flakowacieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałam	flakowacieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałaś	flakowacieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flakowaciałby	flakowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałbym	flakowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałbyś	flakowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flakowaciałem	flakowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałeś	flakowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flakowaciał	flakowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flakowaciał	flakowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałoby	flakowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałobym	flakowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałobyś	flakowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flakowaciało	flakowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flakowaciało	flakowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałom	flakowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flakowaciałoś	flakowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flakowaciałyby	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałybyście	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flakowaciałybyśmy	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flakowaciały	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flakowaciały	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flakowaciałyście	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flakowaciałyśmy	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flakowaciano	flakowacieć	imps:imperf		
flakowacieć	flakowacieć	inf:imperf		
flakowaciejąca	flakowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącą	flakowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejące	flakowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejące	flakowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącego	flakowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącego	flakowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącej	flakowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącemu	flakowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejąc	flakowacieć	pcon:imperf		
flakowaciejąco	flakowacieć	pacta		
flakowaciejących	flakowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejących	flakowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejący	flakowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejący	flakowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejący	flakowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącym	flakowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącym	flakowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flakowaciejącymi	flakowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flakowacieją	flakowacieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flakowaciejcie	flakowacieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flakowaciejecie	flakowacieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flakowacieje	flakowacieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flakowaciejemy	flakowacieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flakowaciejesz	flakowacieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flakowacieję	flakowacieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flakowaciej	flakowacieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flakowaciejmy	flakowacieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flakowacieliby	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flakowacielibyście	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flakowacielibyśmy	flakowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flakowacieli	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flakowacieli	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flakowacieliście	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flakowacieliśmy	flakowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flakowato	flakowato	adv:pos		
flakowatościach	flakowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatościami	flakowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatością	flakowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatości	flakowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatościom	flakowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatość	flakowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowatość	flakowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowaci	flakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
flakowata	flakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
flakowatą	flakowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
flakowatą	flakowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
flakowate	flakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowate	flakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowate	flakowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowate	flakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowatego	flakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
flakowatego	flakowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowatej	flakowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
flakowatej	flakowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
flakowatej	flakowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
flakowatemu	flakowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowato	flakowaty	adja		pot.
flakowatych	flakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
flakowatych	flakowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowatych	flakowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowaty	flakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
flakowaty	flakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
flakowatym	flakowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowatym	flakowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowatym	flakowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flakowatymi	flakowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flakowościach	flakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowościami	flakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowością	flakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowości	flakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowościom	flakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowość	flakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowość	flakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flakowa	flakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flakową	flakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flakową	flakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flakowe	flakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flakowe	flakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flakowe	flakowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flakowe	flakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flakowego	flakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flakowego	flakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flakowej	flakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flakowej	flakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flakowej	flakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flakowemu	flakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flakowi	flakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flakowo	flakowy	adja		
flakowych	flakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flakowych	flakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flakowych	flakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flakowy	flakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flakowy	flakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flakowym	flakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flakowym	flakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flakowym	flakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flakowymi	flakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamach	flama	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flama	flama	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamami	flama	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamą	flama	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamę	flama	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flam	flama	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamie	flama	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamie	flama	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamo	flama	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamom	flama	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamy	flama	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamy	flama	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamy	flama	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamy	flama	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flamandach	flamand	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamanda	flamand	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamanda	flamand	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandami	flamand	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandem	flamand	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamand	flamand	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandom	flamand	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandowi	flamand	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandów	flamand	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandy	flamand	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandy	flamand	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandy	flamand	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandzie	flamand	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandzie	flamand	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	szt.
flamandczyznach	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzna	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyznami	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzną	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyznę	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzn	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzno	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyznom	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzny	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzny	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzny	flamandczyzna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyzny	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyźnie	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandczyźnie	flamandczyzna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzcy	flamandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flamandzka	flamandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flamandzką	flamandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flamandzką	flamandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flamandzkich	flamandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flamandzkich	flamandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzkich	flamandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzkie	flamandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzkie	flamandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzkie	flamandzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flamandzkie	flamandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flamandzkiego	flamandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flamandzkiego	flamandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamandzkiej	flamandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flamandzkiej	flamandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flamandzkiej	flamandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flamandzkiemu	flamandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamandzki	flamandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flamandzki	flamandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flamandzkim	flamandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzkim	flamandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamandzkim	flamandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamandzkimi	flamandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamandzko	flamandzki	adja		
flamandzku	flamandzki	adjp		
flamandzko	flamandzko	adv:pos		
flamandzkościach	flamandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkościami	flamandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkością	flamandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkości	flamandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkościom	flamandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkość	flamandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamandzkość	flamandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamaster	flamaster	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamaster	flamaster	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrach	flamaster	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastra	flamaster	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrami	flamaster	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrem	flamaster	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrom	flamaster	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowi	flamaster	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrów	flamaster	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastry	flamaster	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastry	flamaster	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastry	flamaster	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrze	flamaster	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrze	flamaster	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowo	flamastrowo	adv:pos		
flamastrowościach	flamastrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowościami	flamastrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowością	flamastrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowości	flamastrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowościom	flamastrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowość	flamastrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowość	flamastrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flamastrowa	flamastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flamastrową	flamastrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flamastrową	flamastrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flamastrowe	flamastrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flamastrowe	flamastrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flamastrowe	flamastrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowe	flamastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowego	flamastrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flamastrowego	flamastrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowej	flamastrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flamastrowej	flamastrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flamastrowej	flamastrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flamastrowemu	flamastrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowi	flamastrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flamastrowo	flamastrowy	adja		
flamastrowych	flamastrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flamastrowych	flamastrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamastrowych	flamastrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamastrowy	flamastrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flamastrowy	flamastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flamastrowym	flamastrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamastrowym	flamastrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowym	flamastrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flamastrowymi	flamastrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flamboyancie	flamboyant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyancie	flamboyant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantach	flamboyant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantami	flamboyant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantem	flamboyant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyant	flamboyant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyant	flamboyant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantom	flamboyant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantowi	flamboyant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantów	flamboyant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyantu	flamboyant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyanty	flamboyant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyanty	flamboyant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamboyanty	flamboyant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flamenach	flamen	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamena	flamen	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamena	flamen	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenami	flamen	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenem	flamen	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamen	flamen	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenie	flamen	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenie	flamen	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flameni	flamen	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flameni	flamen	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenom	flamen	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenowi	flamen	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenów	flamen	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flamenów	flamen	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flameny	flamen	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flameny	flamen	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamenco	flamenco	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flamingach	flaming	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flaminga	flaming	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flaminga	flaming	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingami	flaming	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flaming	flaming	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingiem	flaming	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingi	flaming	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingi	flaming	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingi	flaming	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingom	flaming	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingowi	flaming	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingów	flaming	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingu	flaming	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flamingu	flaming	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
flanach	flan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanami	flan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanem	flan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flan	flan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flan	flan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanie	flan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanie	flan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanom	flan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanowi	flan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanów	flan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanu	flan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flany	flan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flany	flan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flany	flan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancach	flanc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanca	flanc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancami	flanc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancem	flanc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanc	flanc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanc	flanc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancom	flanc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancowi	flanc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanców	flanc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancu	flanc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancu	flanc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flancach	flanca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanca	flanca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancami	flanca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancą	flanca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancę	flanca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanc	flanca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanco	flanca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancom	flanca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancy	flanca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancy	flanca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancy	flanca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flancować	flancować	inf:imperf		
flancowaliby	flancować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flancowalibyście	flancować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flancowalibyśmy	flancować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flancowali	flancować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flancowali	flancować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flancowaliście	flancować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flancowaliśmy	flancować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flancowałaby	flancować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flancowałabym	flancować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flancowałabyś	flancować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flancowała	flancować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flancowała	flancować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flancowałam	flancować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flancowałaś	flancować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flancowałby	flancować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flancowałbym	flancować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flancowałbyś	flancować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flancowałem	flancować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flancowałeś	flancować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flancował	flancować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flancował	flancować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flancowałoby	flancować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flancowałobym	flancować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flancowałobyś	flancować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flancowało	flancować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flancowało	flancować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flancowałom	flancować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flancowałoś	flancować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flancowałyby	flancować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flancowałybyście	flancować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flancowałybyśmy	flancować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flancowały	flancować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flancowały	flancować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flancowałyście	flancować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flancowałyśmy	flancować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flancowana	flancować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flancowaną	flancować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flancowane	flancować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancowane	flancować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancowanego	flancować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flancowanego	flancować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancowanej	flancować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flancowanemu	flancować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancowaniach	flancować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowania	flancować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowania	flancować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowaniami	flancować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowanie	flancować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowaniem	flancować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowani	flancować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flancowaniom	flancować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowaniu	flancować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flancowano	flancować	imps:imperf		
flancowanych	flancować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flancowanych	flancować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancowany	flancować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flancowany	flancować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flancowanym	flancować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancowanym	flancować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancowanymi	flancować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancowań	flancować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flancująca	flancować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flancującą	flancować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flancujące	flancować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancujące	flancować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancującego	flancować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flancującego	flancować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancującej	flancować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flancującemu	flancować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancując	flancować	pcon:imperf		
flancująco	flancować	pacta		
flancujących	flancować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flancujących	flancować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancujący	flancować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flancujący	flancować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flancujący	flancować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flancującym	flancować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancującym	flancować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flancującymi	flancować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flancują	flancować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flancujcie	flancować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flancujecie	flancować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flancuje	flancować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flancujemy	flancować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flancujesz	flancować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flancuję	flancować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flancuj	flancować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flancujmy	flancować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flandryjscy	flandryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flandryjska	flandryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flandryjską	flandryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flandryjską	flandryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flandryjskich	flandryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flandryjskich	flandryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjskich	flandryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjskie	flandryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjskie	flandryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjskie	flandryjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flandryjskie	flandryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flandryjskiego	flandryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flandryjskiego	flandryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flandryjskiej	flandryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flandryjskiej	flandryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flandryjskiej	flandryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flandryjskiemu	flandryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flandryjski	flandryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flandryjski	flandryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flandryjskim	flandryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjskim	flandryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flandryjskim	flandryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flandryjskimi	flandryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flandryjsko	flandryjski	adja		
flandryjsku	flandryjski	adjp		
flandryjsko	flandryjsko	adv:pos		
flandryjskościach	flandryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskościami	flandryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskością	flandryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskości	flandryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskościom	flandryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskość	flandryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flandryjskość	flandryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelach	flanela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanela	flanela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelami	flanela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelą	flanela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanele	flanela	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanele	flanela	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanele	flanela	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelę	flanela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanel	flanela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
flaneli	flanela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flaneli	flanela	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaneli	flanela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaneli	flanela	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelo	flanela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelom	flanela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelce	flanelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelce	flanelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelek	flanelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkach	flanelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelka	flanelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkami	flanelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelką	flanelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkę	flanelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelki	flanelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelki	flanelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelki	flanelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelki	flanelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelko	flanelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkom	flanelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowościach	flanelkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowościami	flanelkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowością	flanelkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowości	flanelkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowościom	flanelkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowość	flanelkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowość	flanelkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelkowa	flanelkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flanelkową	flanelkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flanelkową	flanelkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flanelkowe	flanelkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flanelkowe	flanelkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flanelkowe	flanelkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowe	flanelkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowego	flanelkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flanelkowego	flanelkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowej	flanelkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flanelkowej	flanelkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flanelkowej	flanelkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flanelkowemu	flanelkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowi	flanelkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flanelkowo	flanelkowy	adja		
flanelkowych	flanelkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flanelkowych	flanelkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelkowych	flanelkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelkowy	flanelkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flanelkowy	flanelkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flanelkowym	flanelkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelkowym	flanelkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowym	flanelkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelkowymi	flanelkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowościach	flanelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowościami	flanelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowością	flanelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowości	flanelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowościom	flanelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowość	flanelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowość	flanelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanelowa	flanelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flanelową	flanelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flanelową	flanelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flanelowe	flanelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowe	flanelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowe	flanelowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flanelowe	flanelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flanelowego	flanelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flanelowego	flanelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelowej	flanelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flanelowej	flanelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flanelowej	flanelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flanelowemu	flanelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelowi	flanelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flanelowo	flanelowy	adja		
flanelowych	flanelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flanelowych	flanelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowych	flanelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowy	flanelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flanelowy	flanelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flanelowym	flanelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanelowym	flanelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelowym	flanelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flanelowymi	flanelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flankach	flank	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flankami	flank	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flank	flank	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flank	flank	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flankiem	flank	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flank	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flank	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flank	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flankom	flank	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flankowi	flank	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanków	flank	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanku	flank	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanku	flank	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flanku	flank	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flance	flanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanek	flanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankach	flanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanka	flanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankami	flanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanką	flanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankę	flanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flank	flanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanki	flanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flanko	flanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankom	flanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankierach	flankier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankiera	flankier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankiera	flankier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierami	flankier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierem	flankier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankier	flankier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierom	flankier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierowi	flankier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierów	flankier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierów	flankier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankiery	flankier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankiery	flankier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierze	flankier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierze	flankier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierzy	flankier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierzy	flankier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierować	flankierować	inf:imperf		przest.
flankierowaliby	flankierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowalibyście	flankierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowalibyśmy	flankierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowali	flankierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
flankierowali	flankierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowaliście	flankierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowaliśmy	flankierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałaby	flankierować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałabym	flankierować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałabyś	flankierować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowała	flankierować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
flankierowała	flankierować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałam	flankierować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałaś	flankierować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowałby	flankierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałbym	flankierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałbyś	flankierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowałem	flankierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałeś	flankierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierował	flankierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
flankierował	flankierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałoby	flankierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałobym	flankierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałobyś	flankierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowało	flankierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
flankierowało	flankierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałom	flankierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowałoś	flankierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowałyby	flankierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałybyście	flankierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowałybyśmy	flankierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowały	flankierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
flankierowały	flankierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierowałyście	flankierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierowałyśmy	flankierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierowaniach	flankierować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowania	flankierować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowania	flankierować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowaniami	flankierować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowanie	flankierować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowaniem	flankierować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowaniom	flankierować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowaniu	flankierować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierowano	flankierować	imps:imperf		przest.
flankierowań	flankierować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flankierująca	flankierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flankierującą	flankierować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flankierujące	flankierować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankierujące	flankierować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankierującego	flankierować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flankierującego	flankierować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankierującej	flankierować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flankierującemu	flankierować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankierując	flankierować	pcon:imperf		przest.
flankierująco	flankierować	pacta		
flankierujących	flankierować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankierujących	flankierować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankierujący	flankierować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankierujący	flankierować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flankierujący	flankierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flankierującym	flankierować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankierującym	flankierować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankierującymi	flankierować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankierują	flankierować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierujcie	flankierować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierujecie	flankierować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flankieruje	flankierować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
flankierujemy	flankierować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierujesz	flankierować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flankieruję	flankierować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
flankieruj	flankierować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flankierujmy	flankierować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flankierscy	flankierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
flankierska	flankierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
flankierską	flankierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
flankierską	flankierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
flankierskich	flankierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
flankierskich	flankierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankierskich	flankierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankierskie	flankierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankierskie	flankierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankierskie	flankierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierskie	flankierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierskiego	flankierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
flankierskiego	flankierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierskiej	flankierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
flankierskiej	flankierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
flankierskiej	flankierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
flankierskiemu	flankierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierski	flankierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
flankierski	flankierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
flankierskim	flankierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankierskim	flankierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierskim	flankierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flankierskimi	flankierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flankiersko	flankierski	adja		daw.
flankiersku	flankierski	adjp		daw.
flankiersko	flankiersko	adv:pos		daw.
flankierskościach	flankierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskościami	flankierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskością	flankierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskości	flankierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskościom	flankierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskość	flankierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankierskość	flankierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flankować	flankować	inf:imperf		
flankowaliby	flankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flankowalibyście	flankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flankowalibyśmy	flankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flankowali	flankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flankowali	flankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flankowaliście	flankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flankowaliśmy	flankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flankowałaby	flankować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flankowałabym	flankować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flankowałabyś	flankować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flankowała	flankować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flankowała	flankować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flankowałam	flankować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flankowałaś	flankować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flankowałby	flankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flankowałbym	flankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flankowałbyś	flankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flankowałem	flankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flankowałeś	flankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flankował	flankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flankował	flankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flankowałoby	flankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flankowałobym	flankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flankowałobyś	flankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flankowało	flankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flankowało	flankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flankowałom	flankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flankowałoś	flankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flankowałyby	flankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flankowałybyście	flankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flankowałybyśmy	flankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flankowały	flankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flankowały	flankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flankowałyście	flankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flankowałyśmy	flankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flankowana	flankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flankowaną	flankować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flankowane	flankować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankowane	flankować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankowanego	flankować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flankowanego	flankować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankowanej	flankować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flankowanemu	flankować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankowaniach	flankować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowania	flankować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowania	flankować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowaniami	flankować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowanie	flankować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowaniem	flankować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowani	flankować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankowaniom	flankować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowaniu	flankować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flankowano	flankować	imps:imperf		
flankowanych	flankować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankowanych	flankować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankowany	flankować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flankowany	flankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flankowanym	flankować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankowanym	flankować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankowanymi	flankować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankowań	flankować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flankująca	flankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flankującą	flankować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flankujące	flankować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankujące	flankować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankującego	flankować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flankującego	flankować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankującej	flankować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flankującemu	flankować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankując	flankować	pcon:imperf		
flankująco	flankować	pacta		
flankujących	flankować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankujących	flankować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankujący	flankować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flankujący	flankować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flankujący	flankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flankującym	flankować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankującym	flankować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flankującymi	flankować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flankują	flankować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flankujcie	flankować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flankujecie	flankować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flankuje	flankować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flankujemy	flankować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flankujesz	flankować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flankuję	flankować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flankuj	flankować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flankujmy	flankować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flankowościach	flankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowościami	flankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowością	flankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowości	flankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowościom	flankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowość	flankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowość	flankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flankowa	flankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flankową	flankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flankową	flankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flankowe	flankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flankowe	flankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flankowe	flankowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flankowe	flankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flankowego	flankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flankowego	flankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flankowej	flankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flankowej	flankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flankowej	flankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flankowemu	flankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flankowi	flankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flankowo	flankowy	adja		
flankowych	flankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flankowych	flankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flankowych	flankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flankowy	flankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flankowy	flankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flankowym	flankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flankowym	flankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flankowym	flankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flankowymi	flankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flanować	flanować	inf:imperf		przest.
flanowaliby	flanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowalibyście	flanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowalibyśmy	flanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowali	flanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
flanowali	flanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowaliście	flanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowaliśmy	flanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałaby	flanować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałabym	flanować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałabyś	flanować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowała	flanować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
flanowała	flanować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałam	flanować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałaś	flanować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowałby	flanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałbym	flanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałbyś	flanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowałem	flanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałeś	flanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flanował	flanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
flanował	flanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałoby	flanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałobym	flanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałobyś	flanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowało	flanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
flanowało	flanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałom	flanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowałoś	flanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowałyby	flanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałybyście	flanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowałybyśmy	flanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowały	flanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
flanowały	flanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flanowałyście	flanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flanowałyśmy	flanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flanowaniach	flanować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowania	flanować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowania	flanować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowaniami	flanować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowanie	flanować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowaniem	flanować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowaniom	flanować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowaniu	flanować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flanowano	flanować	imps:imperf		przest.
flanowań	flanować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flanująca	flanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flanującą	flanować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flanujące	flanować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flanujące	flanować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flanującego	flanować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flanującego	flanować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flanującej	flanować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flanującemu	flanować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flanując	flanować	pcon:imperf		przest.
flanująco	flanować	pacta		
flanujących	flanować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flanujących	flanować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flanujący	flanować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flanujący	flanować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flanujący	flanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flanującym	flanować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flanującym	flanować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flanującymi	flanować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flanują	flanować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
flanujcie	flanować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flanujecie	flanować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flanuje	flanować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
flanujemy	flanować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flanujesz	flanować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flanuję	flanować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
flanuj	flanować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flanujmy	flanować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flańtacie	flańtać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtać	flańtać	inf:imperf		rzad.
flańta	flańtać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtająca	flańtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flańtającą	flańtać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flańtające	flańtać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flańtające	flańtać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flańtającego	flańtać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flańtającego	flańtać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flańtającej	flańtać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flańtającemu	flańtać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flańtając	flańtać	pcon:imperf		rzad.
flańtająco	flańtać	pacta		
flańtających	flańtać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flańtających	flańtać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flańtający	flańtać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flańtający	flańtać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flańtający	flańtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flańtającym	flańtać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flańtającym	flańtać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flańtającymi	flańtać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flańtają	flańtać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtajcie	flańtać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtaj	flańtać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtajmy	flańtać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtaliby	flańtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtalibyście	flańtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtalibyśmy	flańtać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtali	flańtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
flańtali	flańtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtaliście	flańtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtaliśmy	flańtać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałaby	flańtać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałabym	flańtać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałabyś	flańtać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtała	flańtać	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
flańtała	flańtać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałam	flańtać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałaś	flańtać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtałby	flańtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałbym	flańtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałbyś	flańtać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtałem	flańtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałeś	flańtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtał	flańtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
flańtał	flańtać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałoby	flańtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałobym	flańtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałobyś	flańtać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtało	flańtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
flańtało	flańtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałom	flańtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtałoś	flańtać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtałyby	flańtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałybyście	flańtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtałybyśmy	flańtać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtały	flańtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
flańtały	flańtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flańtałyście	flańtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flańtałyśmy	flańtać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtam	flańtać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtamy	flańtać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
flańtaniach	flańtać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtania	flańtać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtania	flańtać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtaniami	flańtać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtanie	flańtać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtaniem	flańtać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtaniom	flańtać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtaniu	flańtać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtano	flańtać	imps:imperf		rzad.
flańtań	flańtać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flańtasz	flańtać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
flarach	flara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flara	flara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarami	flara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarą	flara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarę	flara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flar	flara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaro	flara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarom	flara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flary	flara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flary	flara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flary	flara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flary	flara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarze	flara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flarze	flara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszach	flasza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flasza	flasza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszami	flasza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszą	flasza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flasze	flasza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flasze	flasza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flasze	flasza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszę	flasza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flasz	flasza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszo	flasza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszom	flasza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszy	flasza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszy	flasza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszy	flasza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynach	flaszczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyna	flaszczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynami	flaszczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyną	flaszczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynę	flaszczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyn	flaszczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynie	flaszczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynie	flaszczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyno	flaszczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczynom	flaszczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyny	flaszczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyny	flaszczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyny	flaszczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszczyny	flaszczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczce	flaszeczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczce	flaszeczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczek	flaszeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczkach	flaszeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczka	flaszeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczkami	flaszeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczką	flaszeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczkę	flaszeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczki	flaszeczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczki	flaszeczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczki	flaszeczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczki	flaszeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczko	flaszeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeczkom	flaszeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeriach	flaszeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeria	flaszeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeriami	flaszeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerią	flaszeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerie	flaszeria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerie	flaszeria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerie	flaszeria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerię	flaszeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerii	flaszeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flaszerii	flaszeria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerii	flaszeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerii	flaszeria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszerio	flaszeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeriom	flaszeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszeryj	flaszeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flaszce	flaszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszce	flaszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszek	flaszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkach	flaszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszka	flaszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkami	flaszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszką	flaszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkę	flaszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszki	flaszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszki	flaszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszki	flaszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszki	flaszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszko	flaszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkom	flaszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatościach	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatościami	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatością	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatości	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatościom	flaszkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatość	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowatość	flaszkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszkowaci	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flaszkowata	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flaszkowatą	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flaszkowatą	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flaszkowate	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaszkowate	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaszkowate	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowate	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowatego	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flaszkowatego	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowatej	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flaszkowatej	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flaszkowatej	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flaszkowatemu	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowato	flaszkowaty	adja		
flaszkowatych	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flaszkowatych	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszkowatych	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszkowaty	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flaszkowaty	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flaszkowatym	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszkowatym	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowatym	flaszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszkowatymi	flaszkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowatościach	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatościami	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatością	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatości	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatościom	flaszowcowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatość	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowatość	flaszowcowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowaci	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flaszowcowata	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flaszowcowatą	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flaszowcowatą	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flaszowcowate	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowate	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowate	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowate	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowatego	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flaszowcowatego	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowatej	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flaszowcowatej	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flaszowcowatej	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flaszowcowatemu	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowato	flaszowcowaty	adja		
flaszowcowatych	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flaszowcowatych	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowatych	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowaty	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flaszowcowaty	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flaszowcowatym	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcowatym	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowatym	flaszowcowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaszowcowatymi	flaszowcowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaszowcach	flaszowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcach	flaszowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowca	flaszowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowca	flaszowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowca	flaszowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcami	flaszowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcami	flaszowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowce	flaszowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcem	flaszowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcem	flaszowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcom	flaszowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcom	flaszowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcowi	flaszowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcowi	flaszowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowców	flaszowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowców	flaszowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcu	flaszowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcu	flaszowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowcu	flaszowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowcu	flaszowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowiec	flaszowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowiec	flaszowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flaszowiec	flaszowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flaszowościach	flaszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowościami	flaszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowością	flaszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowości	flaszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowościom	flaszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowość	flaszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowość	flaszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flaszowa	flaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
flaszową	flaszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
flaszową	flaszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
flaszowe	flaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszowe	flaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszowe	flaszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowe	flaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowego	flaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
flaszowego	flaszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowej	flaszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
flaszowej	flaszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
flaszowej	flaszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
flaszowemu	flaszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowi	flaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
flaszowo	flaszowy	adja		przest.
flaszowych	flaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
flaszowych	flaszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszowych	flaszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszowy	flaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
flaszowy	flaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
flaszowym	flaszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszowym	flaszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowym	flaszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flaszowymi	flaszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flaszuchnach	flaszuchna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchna	flaszuchna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchnami	flaszuchna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchną	flaszuchna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchnę	flaszuchna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchn	flaszuchna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchnie	flaszuchna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchnie	flaszuchna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchno	flaszuchna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchnom	flaszuchna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchny	flaszuchna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchny	flaszuchna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchny	flaszuchna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaszuchny	flaszuchna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterach	flatter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterami	flatter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterem	flatter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatter	flatter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatter	flatter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterom	flatter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowi	flatter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterów	flatter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatteru	flatter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flattery	flatter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flattery	flatter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flattery	flatter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterze	flatter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterze	flatter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowościach	flatterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowościami	flatterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowością	flatterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowości	flatterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowościom	flatterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowość	flatterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowość	flatterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flatterowa	flatterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flatterową	flatterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flatterową	flatterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flatterowe	flatterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flatterowe	flatterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flatterowe	flatterowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flatterowe	flatterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flatterowego	flatterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flatterowego	flatterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flatterowej	flatterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flatterowej	flatterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flatterowej	flatterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flatterowemu	flatterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flatterowi	flatterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flatterowo	flatterowy	adja		
flatterowych	flatterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flatterowych	flatterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flatterowych	flatterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flatterowy	flatterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flatterowy	flatterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flatterowym	flatterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flatterowym	flatterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flatterowym	flatterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flatterowymi	flatterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowscy	flaubertowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flaubertowska	flaubertowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flaubertowską	flaubertowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flaubertowską	flaubertowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flaubertowskich	flaubertowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flaubertowskich	flaubertowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowskich	flaubertowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowskie	flaubertowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowskie	flaubertowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowskie	flaubertowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowskie	flaubertowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowskiego	flaubertowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flaubertowskiego	flaubertowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowskiej	flaubertowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flaubertowskiej	flaubertowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flaubertowskiej	flaubertowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flaubertowskiemu	flaubertowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowski	flaubertowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flaubertowski	flaubertowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flaubertowskim	flaubertowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowskim	flaubertowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowskim	flaubertowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flaubertowskimi	flaubertowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaubertowsko	flaubertowski	adja		
flaubertowsku	flaubertowski	adjp		
flaubertowsko	flaubertowsko	adv:pos		
flaubertowskościach	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskościami	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskością	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskości	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskościom	flaubertowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskość	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flaubertowskość	flaubertowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszach	flausz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszami	flausz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flausze	flausz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flausze	flausz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flausze	flausz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszem	flausz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flausz	flausz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flausz	flausz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszom	flausz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowi	flausz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszów	flausz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszu	flausz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszu	flausz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszu	flausz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowościach	flauszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowościami	flauszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowością	flauszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowości	flauszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowościom	flauszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowość	flauszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowość	flauszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flauszowa	flauszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flauszową	flauszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flauszową	flauszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flauszowe	flauszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flauszowe	flauszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flauszowe	flauszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flauszowe	flauszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flauszowego	flauszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flauszowego	flauszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flauszowej	flauszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flauszowej	flauszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flauszowej	flauszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flauszowemu	flauszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flauszowi	flauszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flauszowo	flauszowy	adja		
flauszowych	flauszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flauszowych	flauszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flauszowych	flauszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flauszowy	flauszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flauszowy	flauszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flauszowym	flauszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flauszowym	flauszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flauszowym	flauszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flauszowymi	flauszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flaucie	flauta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flaucie	flauta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flautach	flauta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauta	flauta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flautami	flauta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flautą	flauta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flautę	flauta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flaut	flauta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauto	flauta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flautom	flauta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauty	flauta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauty	flauta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauty	flauta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flauty	flauta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.|żegl.
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawedo	flawedo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flawonach	flawon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonami	flawon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonem	flawon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawon	flawon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawon	flawon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonie	flawon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonie	flawon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonom	flawon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonowi	flawon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonów	flawon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonu	flawon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawony	flawon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawony	flawon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawony	flawon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidach	flawonoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidami	flawonoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidem	flawonoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoid	flawonoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoid	flawonoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidom	flawonoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidowi	flawonoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidów	flawonoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidu	flawonoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidy	flawonoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidy	flawonoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidy	flawonoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidzie	flawonoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawonoidzie	flawonoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidach	flawoproteid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidami	flawoproteid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidem	flawoproteid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteid	flawoproteid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteid	flawoproteid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidom	flawoproteid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidowi	flawoproteid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidów	flawoproteid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidu	flawoproteid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidy	flawoproteid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidy	flawoproteid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidy	flawoproteid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidzie	flawoproteid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flawoproteidzie	flawoproteid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażelancie	flażelant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelancie	flażelant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanci	flażelant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanci	flażelant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantach	flażelant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanta	flażelant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanta	flażelant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantami	flażelant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantem	flażelant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelant	flażelant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantom	flażelant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantowi	flażelant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantów	flażelant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelantów	flażelant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanty	flażelant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flażelanty	flażelant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolecie	flażeolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolecie	flażeolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletach	flażeolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletami	flażeolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletem	flażeolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolet	flażeolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolet	flażeolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletom	flażeolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletowi	flażeolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletów	flażeolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeoletu	flażeolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolety	flażeolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolety	flażeolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażeolety	flażeolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolecie	flażolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolecie	flażolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletach	flażolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletami	flażolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletem	flażolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolet	flażolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolet	flażolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletom	flażolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowi	flażolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletów	flażolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletu	flażolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolety	flażolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolety	flażolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażolety	flażolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowościach	flażoletowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowościami	flażoletowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowością	flażoletowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowości	flażoletowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowościom	flażoletowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowość	flażoletowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowość	flażoletowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flażoletowa	flażoletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flażoletową	flażoletowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flażoletową	flażoletowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flażoletowe	flażoletowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flażoletowe	flażoletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flażoletowe	flażoletowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowe	flażoletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowego	flażoletowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flażoletowego	flażoletowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowej	flażoletowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flażoletowej	flażoletowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flażoletowej	flażoletowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flażoletowemu	flażoletowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowi	flażoletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flażoletowo	flażoletowy	adja		
flażoletowych	flażoletowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flażoletowych	flażoletowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flażoletowych	flażoletowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flażoletowy	flażoletowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flażoletowy	flażoletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flażoletowym	flażoletowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flażoletowym	flażoletowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowym	flażoletowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flażoletowymi	flażoletowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flażąca	flażyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flażącą	flażyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flażące	flażyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flażące	flażyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flażącego	flażyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flażącego	flażyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flażącej	flażyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flażącemu	flażyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flażąc	flażyć	pcon:imperf		przest.
flażąco	flażyć	pacta		
flażących	flażyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flażących	flażyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flażący	flażyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flażący	flażyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flażący	flażyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flażącym	flażyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flażącym	flażyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flażącymi	flażyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flażą	flażyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
flażcie	flażyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flażeniach	flażyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flażenia	flażyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flażenia	flażyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flażeniami	flażyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flażenie	flażyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flażeniem	flażyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flażeniom	flażyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flażeniu	flażyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flażeń	flażyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flażę	flażyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
flaż	flażyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flażmy	flażyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flażono	flażyć	imps:imperf		przest.
flażycie	flażyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyć	flażyć	inf:imperf		przest.
flaży	flażyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyliby	flażyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flażylibyście	flażyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flażylibyśmy	flażyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyli	flażyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
flażyli	flażyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyliście	flażyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyliśmy	flażyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłaby	flażyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłabym	flażyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłabyś	flażyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyła	flażyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
flażyła	flażyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłam	flażyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłaś	flażyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyłby	flażyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłbym	flażyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłbyś	flażyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyłem	flażyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłeś	flażyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flażył	flażyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
flażył	flażyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłoby	flażyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłobym	flażyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłobyś	flażyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyło	flażyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
flażyło	flażyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłom	flażyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyłoś	flażyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyłyby	flażyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłybyście	flażyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyłybyśmy	flażyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flażyły	flażyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
flażyły	flażyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flażyłyście	flażyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flażyłyśmy	flażyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flażymy	flażyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flażysz	flażyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fląderce	fląderka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderce	fląderka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderek	fląderka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderkach	fląderka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderka	fląderka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderkami	fląderka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderką	fląderka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderkę	fląderka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderki	fląderka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderki	fląderka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderki	fląderka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderki	fląderka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderko	fląderka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląderkom	fląderka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fląder	flądra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrach	flądra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądra	flądra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrami	flądra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrą	flądra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrę	flądra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądro	flądra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrom	flądra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądry	flądra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądry	flądra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądry	flądra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądry	flądra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrze	flądra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrze	flądra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowato	flądrowato	adv:pos		
flądrowatościach	flądrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatościami	flądrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatością	flądrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatości	flądrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatościom	flądrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatość	flądrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowatość	flądrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flądrowaci	flądrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flądrowata	flądrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flądrowatą	flądrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flądrowatą	flądrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flądrowate	flądrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flądrowate	flądrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flądrowate	flądrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flądrowate	flądrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flądrowatego	flądrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flądrowatego	flądrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flądrowatej	flądrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flądrowatej	flądrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flądrowatej	flądrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flądrowatemu	flądrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flądrowato	flądrowaty	adja		
flądrowatych	flądrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flądrowatych	flądrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flądrowatych	flądrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flądrowaty	flądrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flądrowaty	flądrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flądrowatym	flądrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flądrowatym	flądrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flądrowatym	flądrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flądrowatymi	flądrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flebografiach	flebografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografia	flebografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografiami	flebografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografią	flebografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografie	flebografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografie	flebografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografie	flebografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografię	flebografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografii	flebografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flebografii	flebografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografii	flebografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografii	flebografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografij	flebografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flebografio	flebografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebografiom	flebografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebolicie	flebolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolicie	flebolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitach	flebolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitami	flebolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitem	flebolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolit	flebolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolit	flebolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitom	flebolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitowi	flebolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitów	flebolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolitu	flebolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolity	flebolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolity	flebolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebolity	flebolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flebologiach	flebologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologia	flebologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologiami	flebologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologią	flebologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologie	flebologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologie	flebologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologie	flebologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologię	flebologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologii	flebologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flebologii	flebologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologii	flebologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologii	flebologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologij	flebologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flebologio	flebologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flebologiom	flebologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecąca	flecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flecącą	flecić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flecące	flecić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecące	flecić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flecącego	flecić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flecącego	flecić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flecącej	flecić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flecącemu	flecić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flecąc	flecić	pcon:imperf		przest.
flecąco	flecić	pacta		
flecących	flecić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flecących	flecić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecący	flecić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flecący	flecić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flecący	flecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flecącym	flecić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecącym	flecić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flecącymi	flecić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecą	flecić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fleceniach	flecić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flecenia	flecić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flecenia	flecić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fleceniami	flecić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flecenie	flecić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleceniem	flecić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fleceni	flecić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleceniom	flecić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fleceniu	flecić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleceń	flecić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flecę	flecić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
flecicie	flecić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flecić	flecić	inf:imperf		przest.
fleci	flecić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciliby	flecić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flecilibyście	flecić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flecilibyśmy	flecić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flecili	flecić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
flecili	flecić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciliście	flecić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciliśmy	flecić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłaby	flecić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłabym	flecić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłabyś	flecić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciła	flecić	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fleciła	flecić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłam	flecić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłaś	flecić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciłby	flecić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłbym	flecić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłbyś	flecić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciłem	flecić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłeś	flecić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flecił	flecić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
flecił	flecić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłoby	flecić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłobym	flecić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłobyś	flecić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciło	flecić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fleciło	flecić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłom	flecić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciłoś	flecić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciłyby	flecić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłybyście	flecić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciłybyśmy	flecić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fleciły	flecić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fleciły	flecić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fleciłyście	flecić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fleciłyśmy	flecić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flecimy	flecić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flecisz	flecić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flecona	flecić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fleconą	flecić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flecone	flecić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecone	flecić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleconego	flecić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fleconego	flecić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleconej	flecić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fleconemu	flecić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flecono	flecić	imps:imperf		przest.
fleconych	flecić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleconych	flecić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flecony	flecić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flecony	flecić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fleconym	flecić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleconym	flecić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleconymi	flecić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flećcie	flecić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fleć	flecić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flećmy	flecić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flecikach	flecik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecika	flecik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecikami	flecik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecik	flecik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecik	flecik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecikiem	flecik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciki	flecik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciki	flecik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciki	flecik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecikom	flecik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowi	flecik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecików	flecik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciku	flecik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciku	flecik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleciku	flecik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowościach	flecikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowościami	flecikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowością	flecikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowości	flecikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowościom	flecikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowość	flecikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowość	flecikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecikowa	flecikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flecikową	flecikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flecikową	flecikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flecikowe	flecikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flecikowe	flecikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flecikowe	flecikowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flecikowe	flecikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flecikowego	flecikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flecikowego	flecikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flecikowej	flecikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flecikowej	flecikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flecikowej	flecikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flecikowemu	flecikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flecikowi	flecikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flecikowo	flecikowy	adja		
flecikowych	flecikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flecikowych	flecikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flecikowych	flecikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flecikowy	flecikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flecikowy	flecikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flecikowym	flecikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flecikowym	flecikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flecikowym	flecikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flecikowymi	flecikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flecistach	flecista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecista	flecista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistami	flecista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistą	flecista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistę	flecista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecisto	flecista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistom	flecista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistów	flecista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistów	flecista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecisty	flecista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flecisty	flecista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flecisty	flecista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fleciście	flecista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fleciście	flecista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fleciści	flecista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fleciści	flecista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flecistce	flecistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistce	flecistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistek	flecistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistkach	flecistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistka	flecistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistkami	flecistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistką	flecistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistkę	flecistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistki	flecistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistki	flecistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistki	flecistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistki	flecistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistko	flecistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flecistkom	flecistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleczek	fleczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczek	fleczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczkach	fleczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczka	fleczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczkami	fleczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczkiem	fleczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczki	fleczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczki	fleczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczki	fleczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczkom	fleczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczkowi	fleczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczków	fleczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczku	fleczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczku	fleczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerach	fleczer	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerach	fleczer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczera	fleczer	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczera	fleczer	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczera	fleczer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerami	fleczer	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerami	fleczer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerem	fleczer	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerem	fleczer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczer	fleczer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczer	fleczer	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczer	fleczer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerom	fleczer	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerom	fleczer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerowi	fleczer	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerowi	fleczer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerów	fleczer	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerów	fleczer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczeru	fleczer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczery	fleczer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerze	fleczer	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerze	fleczer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleczerze	fleczer	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleczerze	fleczer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmach	flegma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegma	flegma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmami	flegma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmą	flegma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmę	flegma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegm	flegma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmie	flegma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmie	flegma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmo	flegma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmom	flegma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmy	flegma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmy	flegma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmy	flegma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmy	flegma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczce	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczce	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczek	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczkach	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczka	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczkami	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczką	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczkę	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczki	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczki	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczki	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczki	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczko	flegmatyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczkom	flegmatyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatycznie	flegmatycznie	adv:pos		
flegmatyczniej	flegmatycznie	adv:com		
flegmatycznościach	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatycznościami	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatycznością	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczności	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatycznościom	flegmatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczność	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczność	flegmatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyczna	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flegmatyczną	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flegmatyczną	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flegmatyczne	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatyczne	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatyczne	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flegmatyczne	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flegmatycznego	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flegmatycznego	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmatycznej	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flegmatycznej	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flegmatycznej	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flegmatycznemu	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmatyczni	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flegmatyczno	flegmatyczny	adja		
flegmatycznych	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flegmatycznych	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatycznych	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatyczny	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flegmatyczny	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flegmatycznym	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatycznym	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmatycznym	flegmatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmatycznymi	flegmatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmatycy	flegmatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatycy	flegmatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatykach	flegmatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyka	flegmatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyka	flegmatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatykami	flegmatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyk	flegmatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatykiem	flegmatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyki	flegmatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyki	flegmatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatykom	flegmatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatykowi	flegmatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyków	flegmatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyków	flegmatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyku	flegmatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyku	flegmatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacjach	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacja	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacjami	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacją	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacje	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacje	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacje	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzację	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacji	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flegmatyzacji	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacji	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacji	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacjo	flegmatyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacjom	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzacyj	flegmatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flegmatyzatorach	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatora	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorami	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorem	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzator	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzator	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorom	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorowi	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorów	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatory	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatory	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatory	flegmatyzator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorze	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzatorze	flegmatyzator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmach	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmami	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmem	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzm	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzm	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmie	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmie	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmom	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmowi	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmów	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmu	flegmatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmy	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmy	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzmy	flegmatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flegmatyzować	flegmatyzować	inf:imperf		
flegmatyzowaliby	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowalibyście	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowalibyśmy	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowali	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flegmatyzowali	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowaliście	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowaliśmy	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałaby	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałabym	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałabyś	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowała	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flegmatyzowała	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałam	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałaś	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowałby	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałbym	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałbyś	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowałem	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałeś	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzował	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flegmatyzował	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałoby	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałobym	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałobyś	flegmatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowało	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flegmatyzowało	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałom	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowałoś	flegmatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowałyby	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałybyście	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowałybyśmy	flegmatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowały	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flegmatyzowały	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzowałyście	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzowałyśmy	flegmatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzowana	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaną	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowane	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowane	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanego	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanego	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanej	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanemu	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaniach	flegmatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowania	flegmatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowania	flegmatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaniami	flegmatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanie	flegmatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaniem	flegmatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowani	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaniom	flegmatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowaniu	flegmatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowano	flegmatyzować	imps:imperf		
flegmatyzowanych	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanych	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowany	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowany	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanym	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanym	flegmatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowanymi	flegmatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzowań	flegmatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzująca	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującą	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujące	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujące	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującego	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującego	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującej	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującemu	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzując	flegmatyzować	pcon:imperf		
flegmatyzująco	flegmatyzować	pacta		
flegmatyzujących	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujących	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujący	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujący	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzujący	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującym	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującym	flegmatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzującymi	flegmatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flegmatyzują	flegmatyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzujcie	flegmatyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzujecie	flegmatyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzuje	flegmatyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flegmatyzujemy	flegmatyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzujesz	flegmatyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzuję	flegmatyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flegmatyzuj	flegmatyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flegmatyzujmy	flegmatyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flegmistościach	flegmistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistościami	flegmistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistością	flegmistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistości	flegmistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistościom	flegmistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistość	flegmistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmistość	flegmistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flegmista	flegmisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flegmistą	flegmisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flegmistą	flegmisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flegmiste	flegmisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flegmiste	flegmisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flegmiste	flegmisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flegmiste	flegmisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flegmistego	flegmisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flegmistego	flegmisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmistej	flegmisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flegmistej	flegmisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flegmistej	flegmisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flegmistemu	flegmisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmisto	flegmisty	adja		
flegmistych	flegmisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flegmistych	flegmisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmistych	flegmisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmisty	flegmisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flegmisty	flegmisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flegmistym	flegmisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmistym	flegmisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmistym	flegmisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flegmistymi	flegmisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flegmiści	flegmisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flegmonach	flegmona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmona	flegmona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmonami	flegmona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmoną	flegmona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmonę	flegmona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmon	flegmona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmonie	flegmona	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmonie	flegmona	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmono	flegmona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmonom	flegmona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmony	flegmona	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmony	flegmona	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmony	flegmona	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flegmony	flegmona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
flei	fleja:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flei	fleja:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flei	fleja:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejach	fleja:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleja	fleja:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejami	fleja:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleją	fleja:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleję	fleja:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejo	fleja:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejom	fleja:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejów	fleja:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejów	fleja:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flei	fleja:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|pot.
flei	fleja:s2	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flei	fleja:s2	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flei	fleja:s2	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejach	fleja:s2	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleja	fleja:s2	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejami	fleja:s2	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleją	fleja:s2	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s2	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s2	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleje	fleja:s2	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fleję	fleja:s2	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flej	fleja:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|pot.
flejo	fleja:s2	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejom	fleja:s2	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchach	flejtuch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtucha	flejtuch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtucha	flejtuch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchami	flejtuch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchem	flejtuch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuch	flejtuch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchom	flejtuch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowie	flejtuch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowie	flejtuch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowi	flejtuch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchów	flejtuch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchów	flejtuch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchu	flejtuch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchu	flejtuch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchy	flejtuch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchy	flejtuch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowato	flejtuchowato	adv:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatościach	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatościami	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatością	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatości	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatościom	flejtuchowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatość	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowatość	flejtuchowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
flejtuchowaci	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
flejtuchowata	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatą	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatą	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowate	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowate	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowate	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowate	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatego	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatego	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatej	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatej	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatej	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatemu	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowato	flejtuchowaty	adja		pot.
flejtuchowatych	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatych	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatych	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowaty	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowaty	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatym	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatym	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatym	flejtuchowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
flejtuchowatymi	flejtuchowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
flejtuszek	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkach	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszka	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszka	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkami	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkiem	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszki	flejtuszek:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszki	flejtuszek:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkom	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkowie	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkowie	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszkowi	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszków	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszków	flejtuszek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszku	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszku	flejtuszek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flejtuszek	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszek	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszkach	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszka	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszkami	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszkiem	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszki	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszki	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszki	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszkom	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszkowi	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszków	flejtuszek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszku	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flejtuszku	flejtuszek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flekach	flek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleka	flek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flekami	flek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flek	flek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flek	flek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flekiem	flek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleki	flek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleki	flek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleki	flek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flekom	flek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flekowi	flek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleków	flek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleku	flek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleku	flek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flekować	flekować	inf:imperf		pot.
flekowaliby	flekować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowalibyście	flekować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowalibyśmy	flekować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowali	flekować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
flekowali	flekować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowaliście	flekować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowaliśmy	flekować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałaby	flekować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałabym	flekować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałabyś	flekować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowała	flekować	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
flekowała	flekować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałam	flekować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałaś	flekować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowałby	flekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałbym	flekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałbyś	flekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowałem	flekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałeś	flekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
flekował	flekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
flekował	flekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałoby	flekować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałobym	flekować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałobyś	flekować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowało	flekować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
flekowało	flekować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałom	flekować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowałoś	flekować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowałyby	flekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałybyście	flekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowałybyśmy	flekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowały	flekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
flekowały	flekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
flekowałyście	flekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
flekowałyśmy	flekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
flekowana	flekować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flekowaną	flekować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flekowane	flekować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekowane	flekować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekowanego	flekować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flekowanego	flekować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekowanej	flekować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flekowanemu	flekować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekowaniach	flekować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowania	flekować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowania	flekować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowaniami	flekować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowanie	flekować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowaniem	flekować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowani	flekować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flekowaniom	flekować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowaniu	flekować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flekowano	flekować	imps:imperf		pot.
flekowanych	flekować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flekowanych	flekować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekowany	flekować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flekowany	flekować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flekowanym	flekować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekowanym	flekować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekowanymi	flekować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekowań	flekować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flekująca	flekować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flekującą	flekować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flekujące	flekować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekujące	flekować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekującego	flekować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flekującego	flekować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekującej	flekować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flekującemu	flekować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekując	flekować	pcon:imperf		pot.
flekująco	flekować	pacta		
flekujących	flekować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flekujących	flekować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekujący	flekować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flekujący	flekować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flekujący	flekować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flekującym	flekować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekującym	flekować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flekującymi	flekować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flekują	flekować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
flekujcie	flekować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
flekujecie	flekować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
flekuje	flekować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
flekujemy	flekować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
flekujesz	flekować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
flekuję	flekować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
flekuj	flekować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
flekujmy	flekować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
fleksjach	fleksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksja	fleksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksjami	fleksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksją	fleksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksje	fleksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksje	fleksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksje	fleksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksję	fleksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksji	fleksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fleksji	fleksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksji	fleksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksji	fleksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksjo	fleksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksjom	fleksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyj	fleksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fleksografiach	fleksografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografia	fleksografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografiami	fleksografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografią	fleksografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografie	fleksografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografie	fleksografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografie	fleksografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografię	fleksografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografii	fleksografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fleksografii	fleksografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografii	fleksografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografii	fleksografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografij	fleksografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fleksografio	fleksografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksografiom	fleksografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrach	fleksometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrami	fleksometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrem	fleksometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometr	fleksometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometr	fleksometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrom	fleksometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrowi	fleksometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrów	fleksometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometru	fleksometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometry	fleksometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometry	fleksometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometry	fleksometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrze	fleksometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksometrze	fleksometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleksorach	fleksor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksora	fleksor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorami	fleksor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorem	fleksor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksor	fleksor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksor	fleksor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorom	fleksor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorowi	fleksor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorów	fleksor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksory	fleksor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksory	fleksor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksory	fleksor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorze	fleksor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksorze	fleksor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
fleksurach	fleksura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksura	fleksura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurami	fleksura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurą	fleksura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurę	fleksura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksur	fleksura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksuro	fleksura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurom	fleksura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksury	fleksura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksury	fleksura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksury	fleksura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksury	fleksura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurze	fleksura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksurze	fleksura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fleksyjnie	fleksyjnie	adv:pos		
fleksyjnościach	fleksyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjnościami	fleksyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjnością	fleksyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjności	fleksyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjnościom	fleksyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjność	fleksyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjność	fleksyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleksyjna	fleksyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fleksyjną	fleksyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fleksyjną	fleksyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fleksyjne	fleksyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fleksyjne	fleksyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fleksyjne	fleksyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjne	fleksyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjnego	fleksyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fleksyjnego	fleksyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjnej	fleksyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fleksyjnej	fleksyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fleksyjnej	fleksyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fleksyjnemu	fleksyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjni	fleksyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fleksyjno	fleksyjny	adja		
fleksyjnych	fleksyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fleksyjnych	fleksyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fleksyjnych	fleksyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fleksyjny	fleksyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fleksyjny	fleksyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fleksyjnym	fleksyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fleksyjnym	fleksyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjnym	fleksyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fleksyjnymi	fleksyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fleszach	flesz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesza	flesz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszami	flesz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesze	flesz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesze	flesz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesze	flesz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszem	flesz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesz	flesz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flesz	flesz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszom	flesz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszowi	flesz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszów	flesz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszu	flesz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszu	flesz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszu	flesz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszy	flesz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fleszować	fleszować	inf:imperf		
fleszowaliby	fleszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fleszowalibyście	fleszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fleszowalibyśmy	fleszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fleszowali	fleszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fleszowali	fleszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fleszowaliście	fleszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fleszowaliśmy	fleszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fleszowałaby	fleszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fleszowałabym	fleszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fleszowałabyś	fleszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fleszowała	fleszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fleszowała	fleszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fleszowałam	fleszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fleszowałaś	fleszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fleszowałby	fleszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fleszowałbym	fleszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fleszowałbyś	fleszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fleszowałem	fleszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fleszowałeś	fleszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fleszował	fleszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fleszował	fleszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fleszowałoby	fleszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fleszowałobym	fleszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fleszowałobyś	fleszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fleszowało	fleszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fleszowało	fleszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fleszowałom	fleszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fleszowałoś	fleszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fleszowałyby	fleszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fleszowałybyście	fleszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fleszowałybyśmy	fleszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fleszowały	fleszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fleszowały	fleszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fleszowałyście	fleszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fleszowałyśmy	fleszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fleszowana	fleszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fleszowaną	fleszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fleszowane	fleszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszowane	fleszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowanego	fleszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fleszowanego	fleszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowanej	fleszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fleszowanemu	fleszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowaniach	fleszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowania	fleszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowania	fleszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowaniami	fleszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowanie	fleszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowaniem	fleszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowani	fleszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleszowaniom	fleszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowaniu	fleszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowano	fleszować	imps:imperf		
fleszowanych	fleszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleszowanych	fleszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszowany	fleszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fleszowany	fleszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fleszowanym	fleszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszowanym	fleszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszowanymi	fleszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszowań	fleszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fleszująca	fleszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fleszującą	fleszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fleszujące	fleszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszujące	fleszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszującego	fleszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fleszującego	fleszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszującej	fleszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fleszującemu	fleszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszując	fleszować	pcon:imperf		
fleszująco	fleszować	pacta		
fleszujących	fleszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleszujących	fleszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszujący	fleszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fleszujący	fleszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fleszujący	fleszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fleszującym	fleszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszującym	fleszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fleszującymi	fleszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fleszują	fleszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fleszujcie	fleszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fleszujecie	fleszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fleszuje	fleszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fleszujemy	fleszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fleszujesz	fleszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fleszuję	fleszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fleszuj	fleszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fleszujmy	fleszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fletnerach	fletner	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnera	fletner	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerami	fletner	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerem	fletner	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletner	fletner	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletner	fletner	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerom	fletner	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerowi	fletner	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerów	fletner	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnery	fletner	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnery	fletner	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnery	fletner	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerze	fletner	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletnerze	fletner	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletniach	fletnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnia	fletnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniami	fletnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnią	fletnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnie	fletnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnie	fletnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnie	fletnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnię	fletnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletni	fletnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletni	fletnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletni	fletnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletni	fletnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnio	fletnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniom	fletnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzach	fletniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzach	fletniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarza	fletniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarza	fletniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarza	fletniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarza	fletniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzami	fletniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzami	fletniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarze	fletniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarze	fletniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarze	fletniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarze	fletniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarze	fletniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarze	fletniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarze	fletniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarze	fletniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzem	fletniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzem	fletniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarz	fletniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarz	fletniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzom	fletniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzom	fletniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzowi	fletniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzowi	fletniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzów	fletniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzów	fletniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzu	fletniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzu	fletniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzu	fletniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzu	fletniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fletniarzy	fletniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniarzy	fletniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowościach	fletniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowościami	fletniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowością	fletniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowości	fletniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowościom	fletniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowość	fletniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowość	fletniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletniowa	fletniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fletniową	fletniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fletniową	fletniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fletniowe	fletniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fletniowe	fletniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fletniowe	fletniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fletniowe	fletniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fletniowego	fletniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fletniowego	fletniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletniowej	fletniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fletniowej	fletniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fletniowej	fletniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fletniowemu	fletniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletniowi	fletniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fletniowo	fletniowy	adja		
fletniowych	fletniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fletniowych	fletniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletniowych	fletniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletniowy	fletniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fletniowy	fletniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fletniowym	fletniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletniowym	fletniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletniowym	fletniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletniowymi	fletniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletnistach	fletnista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnista	fletnista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistami	fletnista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistą	fletnista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistę	fletnista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnisto	fletnista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistom	fletnista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistów	fletnista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistów	fletnista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnisty	fletnista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fletnisty	fletnista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fletnisty	fletnista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniście	fletnista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniście	fletnista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniści	fletnista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletniści	fletnista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistce	fletnistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistce	fletnistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistek	fletnistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistkach	fletnistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistka	fletnistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistkami	fletnistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistką	fletnistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistkę	fletnistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistki	fletnistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistki	fletnistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistki	fletnistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistki	fletnistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistko	fletnistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletnistkom	fletnistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowościach	fletowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowościami	fletowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowością	fletowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowości	fletowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowościom	fletowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowość	fletowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowość	fletowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fletowa	fletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fletową	fletowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fletową	fletowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fletowe	fletowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fletowe	fletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fletowe	fletowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fletowe	fletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fletowego	fletowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fletowego	fletowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletowej	fletowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fletowej	fletowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fletowej	fletowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fletowemu	fletowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletowi	fletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fletowo	fletowy	adja		
fletowych	fletowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fletowych	fletowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletowych	fletowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletowy	fletowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fletowy	fletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fletowym	fletowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletowym	fletowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletowym	fletowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fletowymi	fletowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fletrowersach	fletrowers	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersa	fletrowers	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersami	fletrowers	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersem	fletrowers	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowers	fletrowers	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowers	fletrowers	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersie	fletrowers	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersie	fletrowers	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersom	fletrowers	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersowi	fletrowers	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersów	fletrowers	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersy	fletrowers	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersy	fletrowers	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletrowersy	fletrowers	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecie	flet:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecie	flet:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletach	flet:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletami	flet:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletem	flet:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flet	flet:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flet	flet:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletom	flet:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletowi	flet:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletów	flet:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fletu	flet:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flety	flet:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flety	flet:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flety	flet:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flecie	flet:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
flecie	flet:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletach	flet:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fleta	flet:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fleta	flet:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletami	flet:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletem	flet:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
flet	flet:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletom	flet:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletowi	flet:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fletów	flet:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
flety	flet:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
flety	flet:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
flety	flet:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	wulg.
fleucie	fleuta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleucie	fleuta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleutach	fleuta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuta	fleuta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleutami	fleuta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleutą	fleuta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleutę	fleuta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleut	fleuta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuto	fleuta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleutom	fleuta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuty	fleuta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuty	fleuta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuty	fleuta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fleuty	fleuta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierach	flibustier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustiera	flibustier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustiera	flibustier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierami	flibustier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierem	flibustier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustier	flibustier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierom	flibustier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierowi	flibustier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierów	flibustier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierów	flibustier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustiery	flibustier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flibustiery	flibustier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierze	flibustier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierze	flibustier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierzy	flibustier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flibustierzy	flibustier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fligeladiutancie	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutancie	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanci	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanci	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantach	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanta	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanta	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantami	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantem	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutant	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantom	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantowi	fligeladiutant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantów	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutantów	fligeladiutant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanty	fligeladiutant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
fligeladiutanty	fligeladiutant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|wojsk.
flikach	flik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flika	flik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flika	flik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flikami	flik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flik	flik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flikiem	flik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fliki	flik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliki	flik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flikom	flik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flikowie	flik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flikowie	flik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flikowi	flik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flików	flik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flików	flik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fliku	flik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fliku	flik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flincie	flint	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flincie	flint	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintach	flint	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintami	flint	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintem	flint	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flint	flint	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flint	flint	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintom	flint	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintowi	flint	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintów	flint	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flintu	flint	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flint	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flint	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flint	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flincie	flinta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flincie	flinta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintach	flinta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinta	flinta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintami	flinta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintą	flinta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintę	flinta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flint	flinta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinto	flinta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintom	flinta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flinta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flinta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flinta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flinty	flinta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowościach	flintowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowościami	flintowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowością	flintowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowości	flintowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowościom	flintowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowość	flintowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowość	flintowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flintowa	flintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flintową	flintowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flintową	flintowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flintowe	flintowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flintowe	flintowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flintowe	flintowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flintowe	flintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flintowego	flintowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flintowego	flintowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flintowej	flintowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flintowej	flintowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flintowej	flintowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flintowemu	flintowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flintowi	flintowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flintowo	flintowy	adja		
flintowych	flintowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flintowych	flintowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flintowych	flintowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flintowy	flintowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flintowy	flintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flintowym	flintowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flintowym	flintowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flintowym	flintowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flintowymi	flintowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flintpasach	flintpas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasa	flintpas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasami	flintpas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasem	flintpas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpas	flintpas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpas	flintpas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasie	flintpas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasie	flintpas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasom	flintpas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasowi	flintpas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasów	flintpas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasy	flintpas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasy	flintpas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flintpasy	flintpas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flipach	flip	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipa	flip	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipa	flip	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipami	flip	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipem	flip	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flip	flip	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipie	flip	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipie	flip	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipom	flip	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipowi	flip	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipów	flip	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipy	flip	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipy	flip	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipy	flip	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperach	fliper	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipera	fliper	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipera	fliper	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperami	fliper	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperem	fliper	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliper	fliper	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperom	fliper	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperowi	fliper	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperów	fliper	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipery	fliper	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipery	fliper	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipery	fliper	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperze	fliper	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fliperze	fliper	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperach	flipper	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flippera	flipper	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flippera	flipper	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperami	flipper	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperem	flipper	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipper	flipper	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperom	flipper	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperowi	flipper	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperów	flipper	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flippery	flipper	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flippery	flipper	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flippery	flipper	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperze	flipper	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flipperze	flipper	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarach	flirciara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciara	flirciara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarami	flirciara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarą	flirciara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarę	flirciara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciar	flirciara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciaro	flirciara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarom	flirciara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciary	flirciara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciary	flirciara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciary	flirciara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciary	flirciara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarce	flirciarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarce	flirciarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarek	flirciarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarkach	flirciarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarka	flirciarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarkami	flirciarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarką	flirciarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarkę	flirciarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarki	flirciarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarki	flirciarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarki	flirciarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarki	flirciarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarko	flirciarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarkom	flirciarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarscy	flirciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flirciarska	flirciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flirciarską	flirciarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flirciarską	flirciarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flirciarskich	flirciarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flirciarskich	flirciarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarskich	flirciarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarskie	flirciarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarskie	flirciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarskie	flirciarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flirciarskie	flirciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flirciarskiego	flirciarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flirciarskiego	flirciarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flirciarskiej	flirciarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flirciarskiej	flirciarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flirciarskiej	flirciarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flirciarskiemu	flirciarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flirciarski	flirciarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flirciarski	flirciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flirciarskim	flirciarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarskim	flirciarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flirciarskim	flirciarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flirciarskimi	flirciarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flirciarsko	flirciarski	adja		
flirciarsku	flirciarski	adjp		
flirciarsko	flirciarsko	adv:pos		
flirciarskościach	flirciarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskościami	flirciarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskością	flirciarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskości	flirciarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskościom	flirciarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskość	flirciarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarskość	flirciarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzach	flirciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzach	flirciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarza	flirciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarza	flirciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarza	flirciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarza	flirciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzami	flirciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzami	flirciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarze	flirciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarze	flirciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarze	flirciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarze	flirciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarze	flirciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzem	flirciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzem	flirciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarz	flirciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarz	flirciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzom	flirciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzom	flirciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzowi	flirciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzowi	flirciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzów	flirciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzów	flirciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzu	flirciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzu	flirciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzu	flirciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzu	flirciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
flirciarzy	flirciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flirciarzy	flirciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flircikach	flircik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircikami	flircik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircik	flircik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircik	flircik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircikiem	flircik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciki	flircik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciki	flircik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciki	flircik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircikom	flircik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircikowi	flircik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircików	flircik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciku	flircik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciku	flircik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirciku	flircik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircie	flirt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flircie	flirt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtach	flirt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtami	flirt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtem	flirt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirt	flirt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirt	flirt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtom	flirt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtowi	flirt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtów	flirt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtu	flirt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirty	flirt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirty	flirt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirty	flirt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flirtacjach	flirtacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacja	flirtacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacjami	flirtacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacją	flirtacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacje	flirtacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacje	flirtacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacje	flirtacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtację	flirtacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacji	flirtacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
flirtacji	flirtacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacji	flirtacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacji	flirtacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacjo	flirtacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacjom	flirtacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtacyj	flirtacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
flirtażach	flirtaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażami	flirtaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaże	flirtaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaże	flirtaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaże	flirtaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażem	flirtaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaż	flirtaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaż	flirtaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażom	flirtaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażowi	flirtaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażów	flirtaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażu	flirtaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażu	flirtaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtażu	flirtaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtaży	flirtaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtować	flirtować	inf:imperf		
flirtowaliby	flirtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flirtowalibyście	flirtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flirtowalibyśmy	flirtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flirtowali	flirtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flirtowali	flirtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flirtowaliście	flirtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flirtowaliśmy	flirtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flirtowałaby	flirtować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flirtowałabym	flirtować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flirtowałabyś	flirtować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flirtowała	flirtować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flirtowała	flirtować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flirtowałam	flirtować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flirtowałaś	flirtować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flirtowałby	flirtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flirtowałbym	flirtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flirtowałbyś	flirtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flirtowałem	flirtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flirtowałeś	flirtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flirtował	flirtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flirtował	flirtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flirtowałoby	flirtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flirtowałobym	flirtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flirtowałobyś	flirtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flirtowało	flirtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flirtowało	flirtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flirtowałom	flirtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flirtowałoś	flirtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flirtowałyby	flirtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flirtowałybyście	flirtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flirtowałybyśmy	flirtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flirtowały	flirtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flirtowały	flirtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flirtowałyście	flirtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flirtowałyśmy	flirtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flirtowaniach	flirtować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowania	flirtować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowania	flirtować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowaniami	flirtować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowanie	flirtować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowaniem	flirtować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowaniom	flirtować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowaniu	flirtować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtowano	flirtować	imps:imperf		
flirtowań	flirtować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flirtująca	flirtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flirtującą	flirtować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flirtujące	flirtować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flirtujące	flirtować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flirtującego	flirtować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flirtującego	flirtować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flirtującej	flirtować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flirtującemu	flirtować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flirtując	flirtować	pcon:imperf		
flirtująco	flirtować	pacta		
flirtujących	flirtować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flirtujących	flirtować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flirtujący	flirtować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flirtujący	flirtować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flirtujący	flirtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flirtującym	flirtować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flirtującym	flirtować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flirtującymi	flirtować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flirtują	flirtować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flirtujcie	flirtować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flirtujecie	flirtować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flirtuje	flirtować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flirtujemy	flirtować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flirtujesz	flirtować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flirtuję	flirtować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flirtuj	flirtować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flirtujmy	flirtować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flirtowiczach	flirtowicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicza	flirtowicz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicza	flirtowicz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczami	flirtowicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicze	flirtowicz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicze	flirtowicz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicze	flirtowicz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicze	flirtowicz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczem	flirtowicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowicz	flirtowicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczom	flirtowicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczowi	flirtowicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczów	flirtowicz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczów	flirtowicz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczu	flirtowicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowiczu	flirtowicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowościach	flirtowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowościami	flirtowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowością	flirtowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowości	flirtowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowościom	flirtowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowość	flirtowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowość	flirtowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flirtowa	flirtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
flirtową	flirtowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
flirtową	flirtowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
flirtowe	flirtowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flirtowe	flirtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flirtowe	flirtowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowe	flirtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowego	flirtowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
flirtowego	flirtowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowej	flirtowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
flirtowej	flirtowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
flirtowej	flirtowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
flirtowemu	flirtowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowi	flirtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
flirtowo	flirtowy	adja		przest.
flirtowych	flirtowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
flirtowych	flirtowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flirtowych	flirtowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flirtowy	flirtowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
flirtowy	flirtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
flirtowym	flirtowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flirtowym	flirtowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowym	flirtowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
flirtowymi	flirtowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
flisaccy	flisacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flisacka	flisacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flisacką	flisacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flisacką	flisacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flisackich	flisacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flisackich	flisacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisackich	flisacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisackie	flisacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flisackie	flisacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flisackie	flisacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flisackie	flisacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flisackiego	flisacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flisackiego	flisacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisackiej	flisacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flisackiej	flisacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flisackiej	flisacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flisackiemu	flisacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisacki	flisacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flisacki	flisacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flisackim	flisacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisackim	flisacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisackim	flisacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisackimi	flisacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisacko	flisacki	adja		
flisacku	flisacki	adjp		
flisacko	flisacko	adv:pos		
flisackościach	flisackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackościami	flisackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackością	flisackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackości	flisackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackościom	flisackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackość	flisackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisackość	flisackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwach	flisactwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwa	flisactwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwa	flisactwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwa	flisactwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwa	flisactwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwami	flisactwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwem	flisactwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactw	flisactwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwie	flisactwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwo	flisactwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwo	flisactwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwo	flisactwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwom	flisactwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisactwu	flisactwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczościach	flisaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczościami	flisaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczością	flisaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczości	flisaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczościom	flisaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczość	flisaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisaczość	flisaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flisacza	flisaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flisaczą	flisaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flisaczą	flisaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flisacze	flisaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flisacze	flisaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flisacze	flisaczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flisacze	flisaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flisaczego	flisaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flisaczego	flisaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisaczej	flisaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flisaczej	flisaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flisaczej	flisaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flisaczemu	flisaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisaczo	flisaczy	adja		
flisaczych	flisaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flisaczych	flisaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisaczych	flisaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisaczy	flisaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flisaczy	flisaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flisaczy	flisaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flisaczym	flisaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisaczym	flisaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisaczym	flisaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flisaczymi	flisaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flisacy	flisak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisacy	flisak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisakach	flisak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaka	flisak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaka	flisak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisakami	flisak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisak	flisak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisakiem	flisak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaki	flisak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flisaki	flisak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flisakom	flisak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisakowi	flisak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaków	flisak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaków	flisak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaku	flisak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisaku	flisak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flisostwach	flisostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwa	flisostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwa	flisostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwa	flisostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwa	flisostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwami	flisostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwem	flisostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostw	flisostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwie	flisostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwo	flisostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwo	flisostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwo	flisostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwom	flisostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisostwu	flisostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisować	flisować	inf:imperf		przest.
flisowaliby	flisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowalibyście	flisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowalibyśmy	flisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowali	flisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
flisowali	flisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowaliście	flisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowaliśmy	flisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałaby	flisować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałabym	flisować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałabyś	flisować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowała	flisować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
flisowała	flisować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałam	flisować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałaś	flisować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowałby	flisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałbym	flisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałbyś	flisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowałem	flisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałeś	flisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
flisował	flisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
flisował	flisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałoby	flisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałobym	flisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałobyś	flisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowało	flisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
flisowało	flisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałom	flisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowałoś	flisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowałyby	flisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałybyście	flisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowałybyśmy	flisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowały	flisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
flisowały	flisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
flisowałyście	flisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
flisowałyśmy	flisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowaniach	flisować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowania	flisować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowania	flisować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowaniami	flisować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowanie	flisować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowaniem	flisować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowaniom	flisować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowaniu	flisować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flisowano	flisować	imps:imperf		przest.
flisowań	flisować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flisująca	flisować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flisującą	flisować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flisujące	flisować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flisujące	flisować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flisującego	flisować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flisującego	flisować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flisującej	flisować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flisującemu	flisować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flisując	flisować	pcon:imperf		przest.
flisująco	flisować	pacta		
flisujących	flisować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flisujących	flisować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flisujący	flisować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flisujący	flisować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flisujący	flisować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flisującym	flisować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flisującym	flisować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flisującymi	flisować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flisują	flisować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
flisujcie	flisować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flisujecie	flisować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
flisuje	flisować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
flisujemy	flisować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flisujesz	flisować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flisuję	flisować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
flisuj	flisować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
flisujmy	flisować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
flisowscy	flisowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
flisowska	flisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
flisowską	flisowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
flisowską	flisowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
flisowskich	flisowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
flisowskich	flisowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowskich	flisowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowskie	flisowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowskie	flisowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowskie	flisowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowskie	flisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowskiego	flisowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
flisowskiego	flisowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowskiej	flisowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
flisowskiej	flisowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
flisowskiej	flisowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
flisowskiemu	flisowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowski	flisowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
flisowski	flisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
flisowskim	flisowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowskim	flisowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowskim	flisowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
flisowskimi	flisowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
flisowsko	flisowski	adja		daw.
flisowsku	flisowski	adjp		daw.
flisowsko	flisowsko	adv:pos		daw.
flisowskościach	flisowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskościami	flisowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskością	flisowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskości	flisowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskościom	flisowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskość	flisowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisowskość	flisowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówce	flisówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówce	flisówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówek	flisówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówkach	flisówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówka	flisówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówkami	flisówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówką	flisówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówkę	flisówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówki	flisówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówki	flisówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówki	flisówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówki	flisówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówko	flisówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisówkom	flisówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flisach	flis:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisa	flis:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisa	flis:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisami	flis:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisem	flis:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flis	flis:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisie	flis:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisie	flis:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisom	flis:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisowie	flis:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisowie	flis:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisowi	flis:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisów	flis:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisów	flis:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisy	flis:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisy	flis:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisach	flis:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisami	flis:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisem	flis:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flis	flis:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flis	flis:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisie	flis:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisie	flis:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisom	flis:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisowi	flis:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisów	flis:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisu	flis:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisy	flis:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisy	flis:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flisy	flis:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fliszach	flisz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszami	flisz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flisze	flisz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flisze	flisz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flisze	flisz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszem	flisz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flisz	flisz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flisz	flisz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszom	flisz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowi	flisz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszów	flisz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszu	flisz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszu	flisz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszu	flisz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowościach	fliszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowościami	fliszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowością	fliszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowości	fliszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowościom	fliszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowość	fliszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowość	fliszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliszowa	fliszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fliszową	fliszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fliszową	fliszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fliszowe	fliszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fliszowe	fliszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fliszowe	fliszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fliszowe	fliszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fliszowego	fliszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fliszowego	fliszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fliszowej	fliszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fliszowej	fliszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fliszowej	fliszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fliszowemu	fliszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fliszowi	fliszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fliszowo	fliszowy	adja		
fliszowych	fliszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fliszowych	fliszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fliszowych	fliszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fliszowy	fliszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fliszowy	fliszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fliszowym	fliszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fliszowym	fliszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fliszowym	fliszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fliszowymi	fliszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flicie	flit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flicie	flit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitach	flit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitami	flit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitem	flit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flit	flit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flit	flit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitom	flit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitowi	flit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitów	flit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitu	flit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flity	flit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flity	flit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flity	flit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flitować	flitować	inf:imperf		
flitowaliby	flitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flitowalibyście	flitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flitowalibyśmy	flitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flitowali	flitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flitowali	flitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flitowaliście	flitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flitowaliśmy	flitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flitowałaby	flitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flitowałabym	flitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flitowałabyś	flitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flitowała	flitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flitowała	flitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flitowałam	flitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flitowałaś	flitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flitowałby	flitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flitowałbym	flitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flitowałbyś	flitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flitowałem	flitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flitowałeś	flitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flitował	flitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flitował	flitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flitowałoby	flitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flitowałobym	flitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flitowałobyś	flitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flitowało	flitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flitowało	flitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flitowałom	flitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flitowałoś	flitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flitowałyby	flitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flitowałybyście	flitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flitowałybyśmy	flitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flitowały	flitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flitowały	flitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flitowałyście	flitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flitowałyśmy	flitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flitowana	flitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flitowaną	flitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flitowane	flitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitowane	flitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitowanego	flitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flitowanego	flitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitowanej	flitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flitowanemu	flitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitowaniach	flitować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowania	flitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowania	flitować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowaniami	flitować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowanie	flitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowaniem	flitować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowani	flitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flitowaniom	flitować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowaniu	flitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flitowano	flitować	imps:imperf		
flitowanych	flitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flitowanych	flitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitowany	flitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flitowany	flitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flitowanym	flitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitowanym	flitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitowanymi	flitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitowań	flitować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flitująca	flitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flitującą	flitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flitujące	flitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitujące	flitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitującego	flitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flitującego	flitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitującej	flitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flitującemu	flitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitując	flitować	pcon:imperf		
flitująco	flitować	pacta		
flitujących	flitować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flitujących	flitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitujący	flitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flitujący	flitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flitujący	flitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flitującym	flitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitującym	flitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flitującymi	flitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flitują	flitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flitujcie	flitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flitujecie	flitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flituje	flitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flitujemy	flitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flitujesz	flitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flituję	flitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flituj	flitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flitujmy	flitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flizach	fliz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizami	fliz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizem	fliz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliz	fliz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fliz	fliz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizie	fliz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizie	fliz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizom	fliz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizowi	fliz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizów	fliz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizu	fliz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flizach	fliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliza	fliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizami	fliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizą	fliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizę	fliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliz	fliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizie	fliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizie	fliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizo	fliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizom	fliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizy	fliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fliziarzach	fliziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzach	fliziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarza	fliziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarza	fliziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarza	fliziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarza	fliziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzami	fliziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzami	fliziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarze	fliziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarze	fliziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarze	fliziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarze	fliziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarze	fliziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarze	fliziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarze	fliziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarze	fliziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzem	fliziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzem	fliziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarz	fliziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarz	fliziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzom	fliziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzom	fliziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzowi	fliziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzowi	fliziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzów	fliziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzów	fliziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzu	fliziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzu	fliziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzu	fliziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzu	fliziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.|rzad.
fliziarzy	fliziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
fliziarzy	fliziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	reg.
flizować	flizować	inf:imperf		
flizowaliby	flizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flizowalibyście	flizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flizowalibyśmy	flizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flizowali	flizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
flizowali	flizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
flizowaliście	flizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
flizowaliśmy	flizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
flizowałaby	flizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flizowałabym	flizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flizowałabyś	flizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flizowała	flizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
flizowała	flizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
flizowałam	flizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
flizowałaś	flizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
flizowałby	flizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flizowałbym	flizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flizowałbyś	flizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flizowałem	flizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
flizowałeś	flizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
flizował	flizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
flizował	flizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
flizowałoby	flizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flizowałobym	flizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flizowałobyś	flizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flizowało	flizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
flizowało	flizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
flizowałom	flizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
flizowałoś	flizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
flizowałyby	flizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flizowałybyście	flizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flizowałybyśmy	flizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flizowały	flizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
flizowały	flizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
flizowałyście	flizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
flizowałyśmy	flizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
flizowana	flizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flizowaną	flizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flizowane	flizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizowane	flizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizowanego	flizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flizowanego	flizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizowanej	flizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flizowanemu	flizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizowaniach	flizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowania	flizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowania	flizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowaniami	flizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowanie	flizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowaniem	flizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowani	flizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flizowaniom	flizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowaniu	flizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flizowano	flizować	imps:imperf		
flizowanych	flizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flizowanych	flizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizowany	flizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flizowany	flizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flizowanym	flizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizowanym	flizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizowanymi	flizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizowań	flizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flizująca	flizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flizującą	flizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flizujące	flizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizujące	flizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizującego	flizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flizującego	flizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizującej	flizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flizującemu	flizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizując	flizować	pcon:imperf		
flizująco	flizować	pacta		
flizujących	flizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flizujących	flizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizujący	flizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flizujący	flizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flizujący	flizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flizującym	flizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizującym	flizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flizującymi	flizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flizują	flizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
flizujcie	flizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
flizujecie	flizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
flizuje	flizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
flizujemy	flizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
flizujesz	flizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
flizuję	flizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
flizuj	flizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
flizujmy	flizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flizowościach	flizowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowościami	flizowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowością	flizowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowości	flizowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowościom	flizowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowość	flizowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowość	flizowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flizowa	flizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flizową	flizowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flizową	flizowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flizowe	flizowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flizowe	flizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flizowe	flizowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flizowe	flizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flizowego	flizowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flizowego	flizowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flizowej	flizowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flizowej	flizowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flizowej	flizowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flizowemu	flizowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flizowi	flizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flizowo	flizowy	adja		
flizowych	flizowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flizowych	flizowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flizowych	flizowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flizowy	flizowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flizowy	flizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flizowym	flizowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flizowym	flizowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flizowym	flizowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flizowymi	flizowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floacie	float	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floacie	float	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatach	float	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatami	float	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatem	float	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
float	float	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
float	float	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatom	float	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatowi	float	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatów	float	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floatu	float	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floaty	float	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floaty	float	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floaty	float	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flobercie	flobert	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobercie	flobert	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertach	flobert	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertami	flobert	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertem	flobert	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobert	flobert	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobert	flobert	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertom	flobert	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertowi	flobert	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertów	flobert	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
flobertu	flobert	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
floberty	flobert	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
floberty	flobert	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
floberty	flobert	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
floemach	floem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemami	floem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemem	floem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floem	floem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floem	floem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemie	floem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemie	floem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemom	floem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemowi	floem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemów	floem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemu	floem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemy	floem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemy	floem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floemy	floem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonach	flogiston	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonami	flogiston	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonem	flogiston	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogiston	flogiston	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogiston	flogiston	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonie	flogiston	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonie	flogiston	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonom	flogiston	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowi	flogiston	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonów	flogiston	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonu	flogiston	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistony	flogiston	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistony	flogiston	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistony	flogiston	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowościach	flogistonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowościami	flogistonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowością	flogistonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowości	flogistonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowościom	flogistonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowość	flogistonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowość	flogistonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flogistonowa	flogistonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flogistonową	flogistonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flogistonową	flogistonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flogistonowe	flogistonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flogistonowe	flogistonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flogistonowe	flogistonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowe	flogistonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowego	flogistonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flogistonowego	flogistonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowej	flogistonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flogistonowej	flogistonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flogistonowej	flogistonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flogistonowemu	flogistonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowi	flogistonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flogistonowo	flogistonowy	adja		
flogistonowych	flogistonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flogistonowych	flogistonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flogistonowych	flogistonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flogistonowy	flogistonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flogistonowy	flogistonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flogistonowym	flogistonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flogistonowym	flogistonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowym	flogistonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flogistonowymi	flogistonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flogistycy	flogistyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistycy	flogistyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistykach	flogistyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyka	flogistyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyka	flogistyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistykami	flogistyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyk	flogistyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistykiem	flogistyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyki	flogistyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyki	flogistyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
flogistykom	flogistyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistykowi	flogistyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyków	flogistyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyków	flogistyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyku	flogistyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogistyku	flogistyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
flogopicie	flogopit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopicie	flogopit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitach	flogopit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitami	flogopit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitem	flogopit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopit	flogopit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopit	flogopit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitom	flogopit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitowi	flogopit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitów	flogopit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopitu	flogopit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopity	flogopit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopity	flogopit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flogopity	flogopit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokenach	floken	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenami	floken	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenem	floken	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
floken	floken	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
floken	floken	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenie	floken	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenie	floken	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenom	floken	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenowi	floken	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenów	floken	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokenu	floken	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokeny	floken	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokeny	floken	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokeny	floken	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
flokować	flokować	inf:imperf		rzad.
flokowaliby	flokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowalibyście	flokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowalibyśmy	flokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowali	flokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
flokowali	flokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowaliście	flokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowaliśmy	flokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałaby	flokować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałabym	flokować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałabyś	flokować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowała	flokować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
flokowała	flokować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałam	flokować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałaś	flokować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowałby	flokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałbym	flokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałbyś	flokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowałem	flokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałeś	flokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokował	flokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
flokował	flokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałoby	flokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałobym	flokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałobyś	flokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowało	flokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
flokowało	flokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałom	flokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowałoś	flokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowałyby	flokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałybyście	flokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowałybyśmy	flokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowały	flokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
flokowały	flokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokowałyście	flokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokowałyśmy	flokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowana	flokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flokowaną	flokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flokowane	flokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokowane	flokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokowanego	flokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flokowanego	flokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokowanej	flokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flokowanemu	flokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokowaniach	flokować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowania	flokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowania	flokować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowaniami	flokować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowanie	flokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowaniem	flokować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowani	flokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flokowaniom	flokować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowaniu	flokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
flokowano	flokować	imps:imperf		rzad.
flokowanych	flokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flokowanych	flokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokowany	flokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flokowany	flokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flokowanym	flokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokowanym	flokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokowanymi	flokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokowań	flokować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
flokująca	flokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
flokującą	flokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
flokujące	flokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokujące	flokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokującego	flokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
flokującego	flokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokującej	flokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
flokującemu	flokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokując	flokować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
flokująco	flokować	pacta		
flokujących	flokować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flokujących	flokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokujący	flokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
flokujący	flokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
flokujący	flokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
flokującym	flokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokującym	flokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
flokującymi	flokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
flokują	flokować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokujcie	flokować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokujecie	flokować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokuje	flokować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
flokujemy	flokować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokujesz	flokować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokuję	flokować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokuj	flokować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
flokujmy	flokować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
flokowanościach	flokowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowanościami	flokowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowanością	flokowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaności	flokowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowanościom	flokowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaność	flokowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowaność	flokowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokowana	flokowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flokowaną	flokowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flokowaną	flokowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flokowane	flokowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flokowane	flokowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flokowane	flokowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flokowane	flokowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flokowanego	flokowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flokowanego	flokowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flokowanej	flokowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flokowanej	flokowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flokowanej	flokowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flokowanemu	flokowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flokowani	flokowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flokowano	flokowany	adja		
flokowanych	flokowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flokowanych	flokowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flokowanych	flokowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flokowany	flokowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flokowany	flokowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flokowanym	flokowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flokowanym	flokowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flokowanym	flokowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flokowanymi	flokowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floksach	floks	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksach	floks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksa	floks	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksa	floks	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksami	floks	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksami	floks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksem	floks	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksem	floks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floks	floks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floks	floks	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floks	floks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksie	floks	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksie	floks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksie	floks	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksie	floks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksom	floks	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksom	floks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksowi	floks	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksowi	floks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksów	floks	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksów	floks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksu	floks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
floksy	floks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
flokulacjach	flokulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacja	flokulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacjami	flokulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacją	flokulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacje	flokulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacje	flokulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacje	flokulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulację	flokulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacji	flokulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flokulacji	flokulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacji	flokulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacji	flokulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacjo	flokulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacjom	flokulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flokulacyj	flokulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flokulancie	flokulant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulancie	flokulant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantach	flokulant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantami	flokulant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantem	flokulant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulant	flokulant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulant	flokulant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantom	flokulant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantowi	flokulant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantów	flokulant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulantu	flokulant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulanty	flokulant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulanty	flokulant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulanty	flokulant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorach	flokulator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatora	flokulator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorami	flokulator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorem	flokulator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulator	flokulator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulator	flokulator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorom	flokulator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorowi	flokulator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorów	flokulator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatory	flokulator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatory	flokulator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatory	flokulator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorze	flokulator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokulatorze	flokulator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flokułach	flokuły	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokułami	flokuły	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokuł	flokuły	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokułom	flokuły	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokuły	flokuły	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokuły	flokuły	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flokuły	flokuły	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
flopach	flop:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopa	flop:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopami	flop:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopem	flop:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flop	flop:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flop	flop:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopie	flop:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopie	flop:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopom	flop:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopowi	flop:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopów	flop:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopy	flop:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopy	flop:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopy	flop:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
flopach	flop:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopach	flop:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopa	flop:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopa	flop:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopa	flop:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopami	flop:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopami	flop:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopem	flop:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopem	flop:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flop	flop:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flop	flop:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flop	flop:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopie	flop:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopie	flop:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopie	flop:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopie	flop:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopom	flop:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopom	flop:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopowi	flop:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopowi	flop:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopów	flop:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopów	flop:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
flopy	flop:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
florach	flora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flora	flora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florami	flora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florą	flora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florę	flora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flor	flora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floro	flora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florom	flora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flory	flora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flory	flora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flory	flora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flory	flora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florze	flora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florze	flora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransach	florans	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransami	florans	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransem	florans	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florans	florans	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florans	florans	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransie	florans	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransie	florans	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransom	florans	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransowi	florans	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransów	florans	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransu	florans	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransy	florans	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransy	florans	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransy	florans	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floransowościach	floransowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowościami	floransowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowością	floransowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowości	floransowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowościom	floransowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowość	floransowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowość	floransowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floransowa	floransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
floransową	floransowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
floransową	floransowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
floransowe	floransowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floransowe	floransowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floransowe	floransowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
floransowe	floransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
floransowego	floransowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
floransowego	floransowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floransowej	floransowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
floransowej	floransowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
floransowej	floransowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
floransowemu	floransowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floransowi	floransowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
floransowo	floransowy	adja		
floransowych	floransowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
floransowych	floransowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floransowych	floransowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floransowy	floransowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
floransowy	floransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
floransowym	floransowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floransowym	floransowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floransowym	floransowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floransowymi	floransowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floréalach	floréal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréala	floréal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalami	floréal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréale	floréal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréale	floréal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréale	floréal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalem	floréal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréal	floréal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréal	floréal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréali	floréal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalom	floréal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalowi	floréal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalów	floréal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalu	floréal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floréalu	floréal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florecistach	florecista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecista	florecista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistami	florecista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistą	florecista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistę	florecista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecisto	florecista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistom	florecista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistów	florecista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistów	florecista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecisty	florecista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florecisty	florecista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florecisty	florecista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
floreciście	florecista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
floreciście	florecista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
floreciści	florecista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
floreciści	florecista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florecistce	florecistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistce	florecistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistek	florecistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistkach	florecistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistka	florecistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistkami	florecistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistką	florecistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistkę	florecistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistki	florecistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistki	florecistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistki	florecistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistki	florecistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistko	florecistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecistkom	florecistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florecynach	florecyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyna	florecyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecynami	florecyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyną	florecyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecynę	florecyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyn	florecyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecynie	florecyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecynie	florecyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyno	florecyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecynom	florecyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyny	florecyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyny	florecyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyny	florecyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florecyny	florecyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
florenach	floren	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florena	floren	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florena	floren	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenami	floren	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenem	floren	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
floren	floren	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenie	floren	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenie	floren	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenom	floren	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenowi	floren	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenów	floren	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
floreny	floren	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
floreny	floren	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
floreny	floren	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
florenccy	florencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
florencka	florencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
florencką	florencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
florencką	florencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
florenckich	florencki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
florenckich	florencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florenckich	florencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florenckie	florencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florenckie	florencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florenckie	florencki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
florenckie	florencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
florenckiego	florencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
florenckiego	florencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florenckiej	florencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
florenckiej	florencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
florenckiej	florencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
florenckiemu	florencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florencki	florencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
florencki	florencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
florenckim	florencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florenckim	florencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florenckim	florencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florenckimi	florencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florencko	florencki	adja		
florencku	florencki	adjp		
florencko	florencko	adv:pos		
florenckościach	florenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckościami	florenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckością	florenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckości	florenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckościom	florenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckość	florenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florenckość	florenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentczycy	florentczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczycy	florentczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczykach	florentczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyka	florentczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyka	florentczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczykami	florentczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyk	florentczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczykiem	florentczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyki	florentczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyki	florentczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florentczykom	florentczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczykowi	florentczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyków	florentczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyków	florentczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyku	florentczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentczyku	florentczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczycy	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczycy	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczykach	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyka	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyka	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczykami	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyk	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczykiem	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyki	florentyńczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyki	florentyńczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczykom	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczykowi	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyków	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyków	florentyńczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyku	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńczyku	florentyńczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńscy	florentyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
florentyńska	florentyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
florentyńską	florentyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
florentyńską	florentyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
florentyńskich	florentyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
florentyńskich	florentyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńskich	florentyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńskie	florentyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńskie	florentyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńskie	florentyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
florentyńskie	florentyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
florentyńskiego	florentyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
florentyńskiego	florentyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florentyńskiej	florentyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
florentyńskiej	florentyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
florentyńskiej	florentyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
florentyńskiemu	florentyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florentyński	florentyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
florentyński	florentyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
florentyńskim	florentyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńskim	florentyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florentyńskim	florentyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florentyńskimi	florentyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florentyńsko	florentyński	adja		
florentyńsku	florentyński	adjp		
florentyńsko	florentyńsko	adv:pos		
florentyńskościach	florentyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskościami	florentyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskością	florentyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskości	florentyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskościom	florentyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskość	florentyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florentyńskość	florentyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresach	flores	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresami	flores	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresem	flores	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flores	flores	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flores	flores	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresie	flores	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresie	flores	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresom	flores	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresowi	flores	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresów	flores	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresu	flores	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresy	flores	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresy	flores	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresy	flores	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresikach	floresik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresika	floresik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresikami	floresik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresik	floresik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresik	floresik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresikiem	floresik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresiki	floresik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresiki	floresik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresiki	floresik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresikom	floresik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresikowi	floresik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresików	floresik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresiku	floresik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresiku	floresik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floresować	floresować	inf:imperf		przest.
floresowaliby	floresować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowalibyście	floresować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowalibyśmy	floresować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowali	floresować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
floresowali	floresować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowaliście	floresować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowaliśmy	floresować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałaby	floresować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałabym	floresować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałabyś	floresować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowała	floresować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
floresowała	floresować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałam	floresować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałaś	floresować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowałby	floresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałbym	floresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałbyś	floresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowałem	floresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałeś	floresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
floresował	floresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
floresował	floresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałoby	floresować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałobym	floresować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałobyś	floresować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowało	floresować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
floresowało	floresować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałom	floresować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowałoś	floresować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowałyby	floresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałybyście	floresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowałybyśmy	floresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowały	floresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
floresowały	floresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
floresowałyście	floresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
floresowałyśmy	floresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowana	floresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
floresowaną	floresować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
floresowane	floresować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresowane	floresować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresowanego	floresować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
floresowanego	floresować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresowanej	floresować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
floresowanemu	floresować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresowaniach	floresować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowania	floresować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowania	floresować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowaniami	floresować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowanie	floresować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowaniem	floresować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowani	floresować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
floresowaniom	floresować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowaniu	floresować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
floresowano	floresować	imps:imperf		przest.
floresowanych	floresować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
floresowanych	floresować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresowany	floresować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
floresowany	floresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
floresowanym	floresować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresowanym	floresować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresowanymi	floresować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresowań	floresować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
floresująca	floresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
floresującą	floresować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
floresujące	floresować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresujące	floresować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresującego	floresować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
floresującego	floresować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresującej	floresować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
floresującemu	floresować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresując	floresować	pcon:imperf		przest.
floresująco	floresować	pacta		
floresujących	floresować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
floresujących	floresować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresujący	floresować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
floresujący	floresować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
floresujący	floresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
floresującym	floresować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresującym	floresować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
floresującymi	floresować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
floresują	floresować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
floresujcie	floresować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
floresujecie	floresować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
floresuje	floresować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
floresujemy	floresować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
floresujesz	floresować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
floresuję	floresować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
floresuj	floresować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
floresujmy	floresować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
floresowatościach	floresowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatościami	floresowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatością	floresowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatości	floresowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatościom	floresowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatość	floresowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowatość	floresowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowaci	floresowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
floresowata	floresowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
floresowatą	floresowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
floresowatą	floresowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
floresowate	floresowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floresowate	floresowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floresowate	floresowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
floresowate	floresowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
floresowatego	floresowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
floresowatego	floresowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowatej	floresowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
floresowatej	floresowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
floresowatej	floresowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
floresowatemu	floresowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowato	floresowaty	adja		
floresowatych	floresowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
floresowatych	floresowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowatych	floresowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowaty	floresowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
floresowaty	floresowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
floresowatym	floresowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowatym	floresowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowatym	floresowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowatymi	floresowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowościach	floresowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowościami	floresowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowością	floresowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowości	floresowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowościom	floresowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowość	floresowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowość	floresowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floresowa	floresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
floresową	floresowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
floresową	floresowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
floresowe	floresowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floresowe	floresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floresowe	floresowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
floresowe	floresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
floresowego	floresowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
floresowego	floresowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowej	floresowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
floresowej	floresowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
floresowej	floresowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
floresowemu	floresowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowi	floresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
floresowo	floresowy	adja		
floresowych	floresowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
floresowych	floresowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowych	floresowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowy	floresowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
floresowy	floresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
floresowym	floresowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floresowym	floresowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowym	floresowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floresowymi	floresowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florecie	floret	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florecie	floret	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretach	floret	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretami	floret	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretem	floret	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floret	floret	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floret	floret	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretom	floret	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretowi	floret	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretów	floret	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretu	floret	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florety	floret	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florety	floret	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
florety	floret	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floretowościach	floretowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowościami	floretowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowością	floretowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowości	floretowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowościom	floretowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowość	floretowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowość	floretowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floretowa	floretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
floretową	floretowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
floretową	floretowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
floretowe	floretowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floretowe	floretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floretowe	floretowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
floretowe	floretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
floretowego	floretowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
floretowego	floretowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floretowej	floretowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
floretowej	floretowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
floretowej	floretowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
floretowemu	floretowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floretowi	floretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
floretowo	floretowy	adja		
floretowych	floretowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
floretowych	floretowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floretowych	floretowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floretowy	floretowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
floretowy	floretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
floretowym	floretowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floretowym	floretowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floretowym	floretowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floretowymi	floretowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floriańscy	floriański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
floriańska	floriański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
floriańską	floriański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
floriańską	floriański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
floriańskich	floriański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
floriańskich	floriański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floriańskich	floriański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floriańskie	floriański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floriańskie	floriański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
floriańskie	floriański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
floriańskie	floriański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
floriańskiego	floriański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
floriańskiego	floriański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floriańskiej	floriański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
floriańskiej	floriański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
floriańskiej	floriański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
floriańskiemu	floriański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floriański	floriański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
floriański	floriański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
floriańskim	floriański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floriańskim	floriański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floriańskim	floriański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
floriańskimi	floriański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
floriańsko	floriański	adja		
floriańsku	floriański	adjp		
floriańsko	floriańsko	adv:pos		
floriańskościach	floriańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskościami	floriańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskością	floriańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskości	floriańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskościom	floriańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskość	floriańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floriańskość	floriańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzcy	florydzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
florydzka	florydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
florydzką	florydzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
florydzką	florydzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
florydzkich	florydzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
florydzkich	florydzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florydzkich	florydzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florydzkie	florydzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florydzkie	florydzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florydzkie	florydzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
florydzkie	florydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
florydzkiego	florydzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
florydzkiego	florydzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florydzkiej	florydzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
florydzkiej	florydzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
florydzkiej	florydzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
florydzkiemu	florydzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florydzki	florydzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
florydzki	florydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
florydzkim	florydzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florydzkim	florydzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florydzkim	florydzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florydzkimi	florydzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florydzko	florydzki	adja		
florydzku	florydzki	adjp		
florydzko	florydzko	adv:pos		
florydzkościach	florydzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkościami	florydzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkością	florydzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkości	florydzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkościom	florydzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkość	florydzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florydzkość	florydzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystach	florysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florysta	florysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystami	florysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystą	florysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystę	florysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florysto	florysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystom	florysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystów	florysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystów	florysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florysty	florysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florysty	florysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florysty	florysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
floryście	florysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
floryście	florysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
floryści	florysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
floryści	florysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
florystce	florystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystce	florystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystek	florystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystkach	florystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystka	florystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystkami	florystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystką	florystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystkę	florystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystki	florystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystki	florystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystki	florystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystki	florystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystko	florystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystkom	florystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystycznie	florystycznie	adv:pos		
florystycznościach	florystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystycznościami	florystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystycznością	florystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczności	florystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystycznościom	florystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczność	florystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczność	florystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyczna	florystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
florystyczną	florystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
florystyczną	florystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
florystyczne	florystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florystyczne	florystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
florystyczne	florystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
florystyczne	florystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
florystycznego	florystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
florystycznego	florystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florystycznej	florystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
florystycznej	florystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
florystycznej	florystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
florystycznemu	florystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florystyczni	florystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
florystyczno	florystyczny	adja		
florystycznych	florystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
florystycznych	florystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florystycznych	florystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florystyczny	florystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
florystyczny	florystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
florystycznym	florystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florystycznym	florystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florystycznym	florystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
florystycznymi	florystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
florystyce	florystyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyce	florystyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystykach	florystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyka	florystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystykami	florystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyką	florystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystykę	florystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyk	florystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyki	florystyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyki	florystyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyki	florystyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyki	florystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystyko	florystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
florystykom	florystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flocie	flota	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flocie	flota	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotach	flota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flota	flota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotami	flota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotą	flota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotę	flota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flot	flota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
floto	flota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotom	flota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
floty	flota	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floty	flota	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
floty	flota	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
floty	flota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacjach	flotacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacja	flotacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacjami	flotacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacją	flotacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacje	flotacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacje	flotacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacje	flotacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotację	flotacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacji	flotacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flotacji	flotacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacji	flotacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacji	flotacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacjo	flotacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacjom	flotacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyj	flotacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
flotacyjnościach	flotacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjnościami	flotacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjnością	flotacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjności	flotacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjnościom	flotacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjność	flotacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjność	flotacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotacyjna	flotacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flotacyjną	flotacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flotacyjną	flotacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flotacyjne	flotacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flotacyjne	flotacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flotacyjne	flotacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjne	flotacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjnego	flotacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flotacyjnego	flotacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjnej	flotacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flotacyjnej	flotacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flotacyjnej	flotacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flotacyjnemu	flotacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjni	flotacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flotacyjno	flotacyjny	adja		
flotacyjnych	flotacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flotacyjnych	flotacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotacyjnych	flotacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotacyjny	flotacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flotacyjny	flotacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flotacyjnym	flotacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotacyjnym	flotacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjnym	flotacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotacyjnymi	flotacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotowniach	flotownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownia	flotownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniami	flotownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownią	flotownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownie	flotownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownie	flotownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownie	flotownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownię	flotownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowni	flotownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowni	flotownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowni	flotownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowni	flotownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownio	flotownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniom	flotownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotownikach	flotownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownika	flotownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownikami	flotownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownik	flotownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownik	flotownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownikiem	flotownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniki	flotownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniki	flotownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniki	flotownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownikom	flotownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotownikowi	flotownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowników	flotownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniku	flotownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowniku	flotownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotowościach	flotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowościami	flotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowością	flotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowości	flotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowościom	flotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowość	flotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowość	flotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotowa	flotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flotową	flotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flotową	flotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flotowe	flotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flotowe	flotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flotowe	flotowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flotowe	flotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flotowego	flotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flotowego	flotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotowej	flotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flotowej	flotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flotowej	flotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flotowemu	flotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotowi	flotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flotowo	flotowy	adja		
flotowych	flotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flotowych	flotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotowych	flotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotowy	flotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flotowy	flotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flotowym	flotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotowym	flotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotowym	flotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flotowymi	flotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flotrowersach	flotrowers	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersami	flotrowers	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersem	flotrowers	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowers	flotrowers	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowers	flotrowers	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersie	flotrowers	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersie	flotrowers	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersom	flotrowers	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersowi	flotrowers	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersów	flotrowers	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersu	flotrowers	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersy	flotrowers	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersy	flotrowers	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotrowersy	flotrowers	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllach	flotylla	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylla	flotylla	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllami	flotylla	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllą	flotylla	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylle	flotylla	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylle	flotylla	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylle	flotylla	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllę	flotylla	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyll	flotylla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
flotylli	flotylla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
flotylli	flotylla	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylli	flotylla	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotylli	flotylla	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllo	flotylla	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flotyllom	flotylla	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerach	flower	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerami	flower	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerem	flower	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flower	flower	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flower	flower	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerom	flower	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowi	flower	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerów	flower	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
floweru	flower	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowery	flower	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowery	flower	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowery	flower	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerze	flower	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerze	flower	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowościach	flowerowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowościami	flowerowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowością	flowerowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowości	flowerowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowościom	flowerowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowość	flowerowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowość	flowerowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
flowerowa	flowerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
flowerową	flowerowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
flowerową	flowerowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
flowerowe	flowerowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flowerowe	flowerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
flowerowe	flowerowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
flowerowe	flowerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
flowerowego	flowerowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
flowerowego	flowerowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flowerowej	flowerowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
flowerowej	flowerowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
flowerowej	flowerowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
flowerowemu	flowerowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flowerowi	flowerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
flowerowo	flowerowy	adja		
flowerowych	flowerowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
flowerowych	flowerowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flowerowych	flowerowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flowerowy	flowerowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
flowerowy	flowerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
flowerowym	flowerowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
flowerowym	flowerowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flowerowym	flowerowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
flowerowymi	flowerowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluacie	fluat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluacie	fluat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatach	fluat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatami	fluat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatem	fluat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluat	fluat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluat	fluat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatom	fluat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowi	fluat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatów	fluat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatu	fluat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluaty	fluat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluaty	fluat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluaty	fluat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluatować	fluatować	inf:imperf		bud.
fluatowaliby	fluatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowalibyście	fluatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowalibyśmy	fluatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowali	fluatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		bud.
fluatowali	fluatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowaliście	fluatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowaliśmy	fluatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałaby	fluatować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałabym	fluatować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałabyś	fluatować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowała	fluatować	praet:sg:f:imperf		bud.
fluatowała	fluatować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałam	fluatować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałaś	fluatować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowałby	fluatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałbym	fluatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałbyś	fluatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowałem	fluatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałeś	fluatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatował	fluatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		bud.
fluatował	fluatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałoby	fluatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałobym	fluatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałobyś	fluatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowało	fluatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		bud.
fluatowało	fluatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałom	fluatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowałoś	fluatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowałyby	fluatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałybyście	fluatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowałybyśmy	fluatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowały	fluatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		bud.
fluatowały	fluatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatowałyście	fluatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatowałyśmy	fluatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowana	fluatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluatowaną	fluatować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluatowane	fluatować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatowane	fluatować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowanego	fluatować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluatowanego	fluatować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowanej	fluatować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluatowanemu	fluatować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowaniach	fluatować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowania	fluatować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowania	fluatować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowaniami	fluatować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowanie	fluatować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowaniem	fluatować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowani	fluatować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluatowaniom	fluatować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowaniu	fluatować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowano	fluatować	imps:imperf		bud.
fluatowanych	fluatować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluatowanych	fluatować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatowany	fluatować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluatowany	fluatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluatowanym	fluatować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatowanym	fluatować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatowanymi	fluatować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatowań	fluatować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluatująca	fluatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluatującą	fluatować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluatujące	fluatować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatujące	fluatować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatującego	fluatować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluatującego	fluatować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatującej	fluatować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluatującemu	fluatować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatując	fluatować	pcon:imperf		bud.
fluatująco	fluatować	pacta		
fluatujących	fluatować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluatujących	fluatować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatujący	fluatować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluatujący	fluatować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluatujący	fluatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluatującym	fluatować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatującym	fluatować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluatującymi	fluatować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluatują	fluatować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatujcie	fluatować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatujecie	fluatować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatuje	fluatować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		bud.
fluatujemy	fluatować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatujesz	fluatować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatuję	fluatować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatuj	fluatować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
fluatujmy	fluatować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
fluatowaniach	fluatowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowania	fluatowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowania	fluatowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowania	fluatowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowania	fluatowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowaniami	fluatowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowanie	fluatowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowanie	fluatowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowanie	fluatowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowaniem	fluatowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowaniom	fluatowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowaniu	fluatowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowaniu	fluatowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluatowań	fluatowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fluidach	fluid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidami	fluid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidem	fluid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluid	fluid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluid	fluid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidom	fluid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidowi	fluid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidów	fluid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidu	fluid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidy	fluid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidy	fluid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidy	fluid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidzie	fluid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidzie	fluid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalnie	fluidalnie	adv:pos		
fluidalnościach	fluidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalnościami	fluidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalnością	fluidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalności	fluidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalnościom	fluidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalność	fluidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalność	fluidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidalna	fluidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluidalną	fluidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluidalną	fluidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluidalne	fluidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidalne	fluidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidalne	fluidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidalne	fluidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidalnego	fluidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluidalnego	fluidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidalnej	fluidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluidalnej	fluidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluidalnej	fluidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluidalnemu	fluidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidalni	fluidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidalno	fluidalny	adja		
fluidalnych	fluidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidalnych	fluidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidalnych	fluidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidalny	fluidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluidalny	fluidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluidalnym	fluidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidalnym	fluidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidalnym	fluidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidalnymi	fluidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidycznościach	fluidyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidycznościami	fluidyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidycznością	fluidyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczności	fluidyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidycznościom	fluidyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczność	fluidyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczność	fluidyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyczna	fluidyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluidyczną	fluidyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluidyczną	fluidyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluidyczne	fluidyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyczne	fluidyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyczne	fluidyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidyczne	fluidyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidycznego	fluidyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluidycznego	fluidyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidycznej	fluidyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluidycznej	fluidyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluidycznej	fluidyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluidycznemu	fluidyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidyczni	fluidyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidyczno	fluidyczny	adja		
fluidycznych	fluidyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidycznych	fluidyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidycznych	fluidyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyczny	fluidyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluidyczny	fluidyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluidycznym	fluidyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidycznym	fluidyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidycznym	fluidyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidycznymi	fluidyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacjach	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacja	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacjami	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacją	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacje	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacje	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacje	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzację	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacji	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluidyzacji	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacji	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacji	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacjo	fluidyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacjom	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyj	fluidyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluidyzacyjnościach	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjnościami	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjnością	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjności	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjnościom	fluidyzacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjność	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjność	fluidyzacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzacyjna	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjną	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjną	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjne	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacyjne	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacyjne	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjne	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjnego	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluidyzacyjnego	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjnej	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjnej	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjnej	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluidyzacyjnemu	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjni	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidyzacyjno	fluidyzacyjny	adja		
fluidyzacyjnych	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluidyzacyjnych	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacyjnych	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacyjny	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluidyzacyjny	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluidyzacyjnym	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzacyjnym	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjnym	fluidyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluidyzacyjnymi	fluidyzacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluidyzatorach	fluidyzator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatora	fluidyzator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorami	fluidyzator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorem	fluidyzator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzator	fluidyzator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzator	fluidyzator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorom	fluidyzator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorowi	fluidyzator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorów	fluidyzator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatory	fluidyzator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatory	fluidyzator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatory	fluidyzator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorze	fluidyzator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluidyzatorze	fluidyzator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksjach	fluksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksja	fluksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksjami	fluksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksją	fluksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksje	fluksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksje	fluksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksje	fluksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksję	fluksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksji	fluksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluksji	fluksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksji	fluksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksji	fluksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksjo	fluksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksjom	fluksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluksyj	fluksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluksometrach	fluksometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrami	fluksometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrem	fluksometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometr	fluksometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometr	fluksometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrom	fluksometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrowi	fluksometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrów	fluksometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometru	fluksometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometry	fluksometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometry	fluksometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometry	fluksometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrze	fluksometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluksometrze	fluksometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukcie	flukt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukcie	flukt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktach	flukt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktami	flukt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktem	flukt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukt	flukt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukt	flukt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktom	flukt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktowi	flukt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktów	flukt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktu	flukt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukty	flukt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukty	flukt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
flukty	flukt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacjach	fluktuacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacja	fluktuacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacjami	fluktuacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacją	fluktuacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacje	fluktuacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacje	fluktuacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacje	fluktuacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuację	fluktuacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacji	fluktuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluktuacji	fluktuacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacji	fluktuacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacji	fluktuacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacjo	fluktuacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacjom	fluktuacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyj	fluktuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluktuacyjnościach	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjnościami	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjnością	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjności	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjnościom	fluktuacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjność	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjność	fluktuacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluktuacyjna	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluktuacyjną	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluktuacyjną	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluktuacyjne	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuacyjne	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuacyjne	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjne	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjnego	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluktuacyjnego	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjnej	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluktuacyjnej	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluktuacyjnej	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluktuacyjnemu	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjni	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluktuacyjno	fluktuacyjny	adja		
fluktuacyjnych	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluktuacyjnych	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuacyjnych	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuacyjny	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluktuacyjny	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluktuacyjnym	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuacyjnym	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjnym	fluktuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluktuacyjnymi	fluktuacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluktuować	fluktuować	inf:imperf		
fluktuowaliby	fluktuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluktuowalibyście	fluktuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluktuowalibyśmy	fluktuować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluktuowali	fluktuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fluktuowali	fluktuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluktuowaliście	fluktuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluktuowaliśmy	fluktuować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałaby	fluktuować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałabym	fluktuować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałabyś	fluktuować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluktuowała	fluktuować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fluktuowała	fluktuować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałam	fluktuować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałaś	fluktuować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluktuowałby	fluktuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałbym	fluktuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałbyś	fluktuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluktuowałem	fluktuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałeś	fluktuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluktuował	fluktuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fluktuował	fluktuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałoby	fluktuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałobym	fluktuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałobyś	fluktuować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluktuowało	fluktuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fluktuowało	fluktuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałom	fluktuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluktuowałoś	fluktuować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluktuowałyby	fluktuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałybyście	fluktuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluktuowałybyśmy	fluktuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluktuowały	fluktuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fluktuowały	fluktuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluktuowałyście	fluktuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluktuowałyśmy	fluktuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluktuowaniach	fluktuować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowania	fluktuować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowania	fluktuować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowaniami	fluktuować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowanie	fluktuować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowaniem	fluktuować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowaniom	fluktuować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowaniu	fluktuować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuowano	fluktuować	imps:imperf		
fluktuowań	fluktuować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuująca	fluktuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluktuującą	fluktuować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluktuujące	fluktuować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluktuujące	fluktuować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuującego	fluktuować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluktuującego	fluktuować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuującej	fluktuować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluktuującemu	fluktuować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuując	fluktuować	pcon:imperf		
fluktuująco	fluktuować	pacta		
fluktuujących	fluktuować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluktuujących	fluktuować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluktuujący	fluktuować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluktuujący	fluktuować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluktuujący	fluktuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluktuującym	fluktuować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluktuującym	fluktuować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluktuującymi	fluktuować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluktuują	fluktuować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fluktuujcie	fluktuować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fluktuujecie	fluktuować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fluktuuje	fluktuować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fluktuujemy	fluktuować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fluktuujesz	fluktuować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fluktuuję	fluktuować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fluktuuj	fluktuować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fluktuujmy	fluktuować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorach	fluor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorami	fluor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorem	fluor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluor	fluor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluor	fluor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorom	fluor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorowi	fluor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorów	fluor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluoru	fluor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluory	fluor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluory	fluor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluory	fluor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorze	fluor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorze	fluor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorek	fluorek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorek	fluorek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorkach	fluorek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorkami	fluorek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorkiem	fluorek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorki	fluorek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorki	fluorek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorki	fluorek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorkom	fluorek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorkowi	fluorek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorków	fluorek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorku	fluorek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorku	fluorek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorku	fluorek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluoresceinach	fluoresceina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceina	fluoresceina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceinami	fluoresceina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceiną	fluoresceina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceinę	fluoresceina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescein	fluoresceina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceinie	fluoresceina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceinie	fluoresceina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceino	fluoresceina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceinom	fluoresceina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceiny	fluoresceina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceiny	fluoresceina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceiny	fluoresceina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoresceiny	fluoresceina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencjach	fluorescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencja	fluorescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencjami	fluorescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencją	fluorescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencje	fluorescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencje	fluorescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencje	fluorescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencję	fluorescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencji	fluorescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluorescencji	fluorescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencji	fluorescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencji	fluorescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencjo	fluorescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencjom	fluorescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyj	fluorescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluorescencyjnie	fluorescencyjnie	adv:pos		
fluorescencyjnościach	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjnościami	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjnością	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjności	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjnościom	fluorescencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjność	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjność	fluorescencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorescencyjna	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluorescencyjną	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluorescencyjną	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluorescencyjne	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorescencyjne	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorescencyjne	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjne	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjnego	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluorescencyjnego	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjnej	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluorescencyjnej	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluorescencyjnej	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluorescencyjnemu	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjni	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorescencyjno	fluorescencyjny	adja		
fluorescencyjnych	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorescencyjnych	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorescencyjnych	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorescencyjny	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluorescencyjny	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluorescencyjnym	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorescencyjnym	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjnym	fluorescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorescencyjnymi	fluorescencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorkować	fluorkować	inf:imperf		
fluorkowaliby	fluorkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorkowalibyście	fluorkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorkowalibyśmy	fluorkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorkowali	fluorkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fluorkowali	fluorkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorkowaliście	fluorkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorkowaliśmy	fluorkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałaby	fluorkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałabym	fluorkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałabyś	fluorkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorkowała	fluorkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fluorkowała	fluorkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałam	fluorkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałaś	fluorkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorkowałby	fluorkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałbym	fluorkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałbyś	fluorkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorkowałem	fluorkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałeś	fluorkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorkował	fluorkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fluorkował	fluorkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałoby	fluorkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałobym	fluorkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałobyś	fluorkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorkowało	fluorkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fluorkowało	fluorkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałom	fluorkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorkowałoś	fluorkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorkowałyby	fluorkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałybyście	fluorkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorkowałybyśmy	fluorkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorkowały	fluorkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fluorkowały	fluorkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorkowałyście	fluorkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorkowałyśmy	fluorkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorkowana	fluorkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaną	fluorkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkowane	fluorkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowane	fluorkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanego	fluorkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanego	fluorkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanej	fluorkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanemu	fluorkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaniach	fluorkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowania	fluorkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowania	fluorkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaniami	fluorkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanie	fluorkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaniem	fluorkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowani	fluorkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaniom	fluorkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowaniu	fluorkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowano	fluorkować	imps:imperf		
fluorkowanych	fluorkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanych	fluorkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowany	fluorkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowany	fluorkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanym	fluorkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanym	fluorkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkowanymi	fluorkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkowań	fluorkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkująca	fluorkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkującą	fluorkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkujące	fluorkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkujące	fluorkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkującego	fluorkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorkującego	fluorkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkującej	fluorkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorkującemu	fluorkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkując	fluorkować	pcon:imperf		
fluorkująco	fluorkować	pacta		
fluorkujących	fluorkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorkujących	fluorkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkujący	fluorkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorkujący	fluorkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorkujący	fluorkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorkującym	fluorkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkującym	fluorkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorkującymi	fluorkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorkują	fluorkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fluorkujcie	fluorkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fluorkujecie	fluorkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fluorkuje	fluorkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fluorkujemy	fluorkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorkujesz	fluorkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fluorkuję	fluorkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fluorkuj	fluorkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fluorkujmy	fluorkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fluoroforcie	fluoroforta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforcie	fluoroforta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofortach	fluoroforta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforta	fluoroforta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofortami	fluoroforta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofortą	fluoroforta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofortę	fluoroforta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofort	fluoroforta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforto	fluoroforta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorofortom	fluoroforta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforty	fluoroforta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforty	fluoroforta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforty	fluoroforta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoroforty	fluoroforta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografiach	fluorografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografia	fluorografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografiami	fluorografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografią	fluorografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografie	fluorografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografie	fluorografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografie	fluorografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografię	fluorografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografii	fluorografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluorografii	fluorografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografii	fluorografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografii	fluorografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografij	fluorografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluorografio	fluorografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorografiom	fluorografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemianach	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianami	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianem	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemian	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemian	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianie	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianie	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianom	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianowi	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianów	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemianu	fluorokrzemian	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemiany	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemiany	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemiany	fluorokrzemian	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fluorokrzemowościach	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowościami	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowością	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowości	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowościom	fluorokrzemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowość	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowość	fluorokrzemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorokrzemowa	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluorokrzemową	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluorokrzemową	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluorokrzemowe	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorokrzemowe	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorokrzemowe	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowe	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowego	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluorokrzemowego	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowej	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluorokrzemowej	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluorokrzemowej	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluorokrzemowemu	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowi	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorokrzemowo	fluorokrzemowy	adja		
fluorokrzemowych	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorokrzemowych	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorokrzemowych	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorokrzemowy	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluorokrzemowy	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluorokrzemowym	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorokrzemowym	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowym	fluorokrzemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorokrzemowymi	fluorokrzemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorospirografiach	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografia	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografiami	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografią	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografie	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografie	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografie	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografię	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografii	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluorospirografii	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografii	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografii	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografij	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluorospirografio	fluorospirografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorospirografiom	fluorospirografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorować	fluorować	inf:imperf		
fluorowaliby	fluorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorowalibyście	fluorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorowalibyśmy	fluorować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorowali	fluorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fluorowali	fluorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorowaliście	fluorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorowaliśmy	fluorować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorowałaby	fluorować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorowałabym	fluorować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorowałabyś	fluorować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorowała	fluorować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fluorowała	fluorować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorowałam	fluorować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorowałaś	fluorować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorowałby	fluorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorowałbym	fluorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorowałbyś	fluorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorowałem	fluorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorowałeś	fluorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorował	fluorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fluorował	fluorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorowałoby	fluorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorowałobym	fluorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorowałobyś	fluorować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorowało	fluorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fluorowało	fluorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorowałom	fluorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorowałoś	fluorować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorowałyby	fluorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorowałybyście	fluorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorowałybyśmy	fluorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorowały	fluorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fluorowały	fluorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorowałyście	fluorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorowałyśmy	fluorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorowana	fluorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowaną	fluorować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowane	fluorować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowane	fluorować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowanego	fluorować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorowanego	fluorować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowanej	fluorować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowanemu	fluorować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowaniach	fluorować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowania	fluorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowania	fluorować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowaniami	fluorować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowanie	fluorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowaniem	fluorować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowani	fluorować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowaniom	fluorować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowaniu	fluorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowano	fluorować	imps:imperf		
fluorowanych	fluorować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowanych	fluorować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowany	fluorować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowany	fluorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowanym	fluorować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowanym	fluorować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowanymi	fluorować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowań	fluorować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorująca	fluorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorującą	fluorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorujące	fluorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorujące	fluorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorującego	fluorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorującego	fluorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorującej	fluorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorującemu	fluorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorując	fluorować	pcon:imperf		
fluorująco	fluorować	pacta		
fluorujących	fluorować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorujących	fluorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorujący	fluorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorujący	fluorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorujący	fluorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorującym	fluorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorującym	fluorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorującymi	fluorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorują	fluorować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fluorujcie	fluorować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fluorujecie	fluorować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fluoruje	fluorować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fluorujemy	fluorować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorujesz	fluorować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fluoruję	fluorować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fluoruj	fluorować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fluorujmy	fluorować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorowcować	fluorowcować	inf:imperf		
fluorowcowaliby	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowalibyście	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowalibyśmy	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowali	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fluorowcowali	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowaliście	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowaliśmy	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałaby	fluorowcować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałabym	fluorowcować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałabyś	fluorowcować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowała	fluorowcować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fluorowcowała	fluorowcować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałam	fluorowcować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałaś	fluorowcować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowałby	fluorowcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałbym	fluorowcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałbyś	fluorowcować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowałem	fluorowcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałeś	fluorowcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluorowcował	fluorowcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fluorowcował	fluorowcować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałoby	fluorowcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałobym	fluorowcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałobyś	fluorowcować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowało	fluorowcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fluorowcowało	fluorowcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałom	fluorowcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowałoś	fluorowcować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowałyby	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałybyście	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowałybyśmy	fluorowcować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowały	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fluorowcowały	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluorowcowałyście	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluorowcowałyśmy	fluorowcować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluorowcowana	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaną	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowane	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowane	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanego	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanego	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanej	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanemu	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaniach	fluorowcować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowania	fluorowcować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowania	fluorowcować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaniami	fluorowcować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanie	fluorowcować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaniem	fluorowcować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowani	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaniom	fluorowcować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowaniu	fluorowcować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowano	fluorowcować	imps:imperf		
fluorowcowanych	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanych	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowany	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowany	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanym	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanym	fluorowcować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowanymi	fluorowcować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcowań	fluorowcować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcująca	fluorowcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującą	fluorowcować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujące	fluorowcować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujące	fluorowcować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującego	fluorowcować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującego	fluorowcować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującej	fluorowcować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującemu	fluorowcować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcując	fluorowcować	pcon:imperf		
fluorowcująco	fluorowcować	pacta		
fluorowcujących	fluorowcować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujących	fluorowcować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujący	fluorowcować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujący	fluorowcować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcujący	fluorowcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującym	fluorowcować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującym	fluorowcować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluorowcującymi	fluorowcować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluorowcują	fluorowcować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fluorowcujcie	fluorowcować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fluorowcujecie	fluorowcować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fluorowcuje	fluorowcować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fluorowcujemy	fluorowcować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorowcujesz	fluorowcować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fluorowcuję	fluorowcować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fluorowcuj	fluorowcować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fluorowcujmy	fluorowcować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fluorowcach	fluorowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowca	fluorowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcami	fluorowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowce	fluorowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowce	fluorowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowce	fluorowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcem	fluorowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcom	fluorowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcowi	fluorowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowców	fluorowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcu	fluorowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowcu	fluorowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowiec	fluorowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowiec	fluorowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowościach	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowościami	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowością	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowości	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowościom	fluorowodorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowość	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowość	fluorowodorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowa	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluorowodorową	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluorowodorową	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluorowodorowe	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorowe	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorowe	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowe	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowego	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluorowodorowego	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowej	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluorowodorowej	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluorowodorowej	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluorowodorowemu	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowi	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorowodorowo	fluorowodorowy	adja		
fluorowodorowych	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorowodorowych	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorowych	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorowy	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluorowodorowy	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluorowodorowym	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorowym	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowym	fluorowodorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowodorowymi	fluorowodorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowodorach	fluorowodór	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorami	fluorowodór	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorem	fluorowodór	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorom	fluorowodór	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorowi	fluorowodór	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorów	fluorowodór	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodoru	fluorowodór	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodory	fluorowodór	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodory	fluorowodór	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodory	fluorowodór	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorze	fluorowodór	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodorze	fluorowodór	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodór	fluorowodór	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowodór	fluorowodór	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowościach	fluorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowościami	fluorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowością	fluorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowości	fluorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowościom	fluorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowość	fluorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowość	fluorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluorowa	fluorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluorową	fluorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluorową	fluorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluorowe	fluorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowe	fluorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowe	fluorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorowe	fluorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluorowego	fluorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluorowego	fluorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowej	fluorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluorowej	fluorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluorowej	fluorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluorowemu	fluorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowi	fluorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorowo	fluorowy	adja		
fluorowych	fluorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluorowych	fluorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowych	fluorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowy	fluorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluorowy	fluorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluorowym	fluorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorowym	fluorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowym	fluorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluorowymi	fluorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluorycie	fluoryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorycie	fluoryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytach	fluoryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytami	fluoryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytem	fluoryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryt	fluoryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryt	fluoryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytom	fluoryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytowi	fluoryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytów	fluoryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluorytu	fluoryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryty	fluoryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryty	fluoryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryty	fluoryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacjach	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacja	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacjami	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacją	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacje	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacje	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacje	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzację	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacji	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fluoryzacji	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacji	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacji	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacjo	fluoryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacjom	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluoryzacyj	fluoryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fluoryzować	fluoryzować	inf:imperf		
fluoryzowaliby	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowalibyście	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowalibyśmy	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowali	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fluoryzowali	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowaliście	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowaliśmy	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałaby	fluoryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałabym	fluoryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałabyś	fluoryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowała	fluoryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fluoryzowała	fluoryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałam	fluoryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałaś	fluoryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowałby	fluoryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałbym	fluoryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałbyś	fluoryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowałem	fluoryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałeś	fluoryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fluoryzował	fluoryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fluoryzował	fluoryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałoby	fluoryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałobym	fluoryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałobyś	fluoryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowało	fluoryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fluoryzowało	fluoryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałom	fluoryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowałoś	fluoryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowałyby	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałybyście	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowałybyśmy	fluoryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowały	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fluoryzowały	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fluoryzowałyście	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fluoryzowałyśmy	fluoryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fluoryzowaniach	fluoryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowania	fluoryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowania	fluoryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowaniami	fluoryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowanie	fluoryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowaniem	fluoryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowaniom	fluoryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowaniu	fluoryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzowano	fluoryzować	imps:imperf		
fluoryzowań	fluoryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzująca	fluoryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującą	fluoryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujące	fluoryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujące	fluoryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującego	fluoryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującego	fluoryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującej	fluoryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującemu	fluoryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzując	fluoryzować	pcon:imperf		
fluoryzująco	fluoryzować	pacta		
fluoryzujących	fluoryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujących	fluoryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujący	fluoryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujący	fluoryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzujący	fluoryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującym	fluoryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującym	fluoryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fluoryzującymi	fluoryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fluoryzują	fluoryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fluoryzujcie	fluoryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fluoryzujecie	fluoryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fluoryzuje	fluoryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fluoryzujemy	fluoryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fluoryzujesz	fluoryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fluoryzuję	fluoryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fluoryzuj	fluoryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fluoryzujmy	fluoryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
flurach	flura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flura	flura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurami	flura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurą	flura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurę	flura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flur	flura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fluro	flura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurom	flura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flury	flura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flury	flura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flury	flura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flury	flura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurze	flura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
flurze	flura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fluwialnościach	fluwialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialnościami	fluwialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialnością	fluwialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialności	fluwialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialnościom	fluwialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialność	fluwialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialność	fluwialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwialna	fluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluwialną	fluwialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluwialną	fluwialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluwialne	fluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluwialne	fluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluwialne	fluwialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluwialne	fluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluwialnego	fluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluwialnego	fluwialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwialnej	fluwialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluwialnej	fluwialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluwialnej	fluwialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluwialnemu	fluwialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwialni	fluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluwialno	fluwialny	adja		
fluwialnych	fluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluwialnych	fluwialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwialnych	fluwialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwialny	fluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluwialny	fluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluwialnym	fluwialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwialnym	fluwialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwialnym	fluwialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwialnymi	fluwialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalnościach	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalnościami	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalnością	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalności	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalnościom	fluwioglacjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalność	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalność	fluwioglacjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjalna	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalną	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalną	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalne	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalne	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalne	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalne	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalnego	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fluwioglacjalnego	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalnej	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalnej	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalnej	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fluwioglacjalnemu	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalni	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fluwioglacjalno	fluwioglacjalny	adja		
fluwioglacjalnych	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fluwioglacjalnych	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalnych	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalny	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fluwioglacjalny	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fluwioglacjalnym	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjalnym	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalnym	fluwioglacjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fluwioglacjalnymi	fluwioglacjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fluwioglacjale	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjale	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałach	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałami	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałem	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjał	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjał	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałom	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałowi	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjałów	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjału	fluwioglacjał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjały	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjały	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwioglacjały	fluwioglacjał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrach	fluwiometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrami	fluwiometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrem	fluwiometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometr	fluwiometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometr	fluwiometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrom	fluwiometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrowi	fluwiometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrów	fluwiometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometru	fluwiometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometry	fluwiometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometry	fluwiometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometry	fluwiometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrze	fluwiometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fluwiometrze	fluwiometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
f-mach	f-ma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-ma	f-ma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mami	f-ma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mą	f-ma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mę	f-ma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-m	f-ma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mie	f-ma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mie	f-ma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mo	f-ma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-mom	f-ma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-my	f-ma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-my	f-ma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-my	f-ma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
f-my	f-ma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiach	fobia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobia	fobia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobiami	fobia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobią	fobia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobie	fobia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobie	fobia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobie	fobia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobię	fobia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobii	fobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
fobii	fobia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobii	fobia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobii	fobia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobij	fobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
fobio	fobia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobiom	fobia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
fobicznościach	fobiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobicznościami	fobiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobicznością	fobiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczności	fobiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobicznościom	fobiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczność	fobiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczność	fobiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fobiczna	fobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fobiczną	fobiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fobiczną	fobiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fobiczne	fobiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fobiczne	fobiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fobiczne	fobiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fobiczne	fobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fobicznego	fobiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fobicznego	fobiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fobicznej	fobiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fobicznej	fobiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fobicznej	fobiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fobicznemu	fobiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fobiczni	fobiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fobiczno	fobiczny	adja		
fobicznych	fobiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fobicznych	fobiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fobicznych	fobiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fobiczny	fobiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fobiczny	fobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fobicznym	fobiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fobicznym	fobiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fobicznym	fobiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fobicznymi	fobiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fochowatościach	fochowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatościami	fochowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatością	fochowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatości	fochowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatościom	fochowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatość	fochowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowatość	fochowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fochowaci	fochowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fochowata	fochowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fochowatą	fochowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fochowatą	fochowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fochowate	fochowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fochowate	fochowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fochowate	fochowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fochowate	fochowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fochowatego	fochowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fochowatego	fochowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fochowatej	fochowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fochowatej	fochowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fochowatej	fochowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fochowatemu	fochowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fochowato	fochowaty	adja		
fochowatych	fochowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fochowatych	fochowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fochowatych	fochowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fochowaty	fochowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fochowaty	fochowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fochowatym	fochowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fochowatym	fochowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fochowatym	fochowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fochowatymi	fochowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fochach	fochy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochami	fochy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochom	fochy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochów	fochy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochy	fochy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochy	fochy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fochy	fochy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
focusach	focus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusami	focus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusem	focus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focus	focus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focus	focus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusie	focus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusie	focus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusom	focus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusowi	focus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusów	focus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusu	focus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusy	focus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusy	focus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focusy	focus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foczce	foczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczce	foczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczek	foczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczkach	foczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczka	foczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczkami	foczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczką	foczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczkę	foczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczki	foczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczki	foczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczki	foczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczki	foczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczko	foczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczkom	foczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczo	foczo	adv:pos		rzad.
foczościach	foczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczościami	foczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczością	foczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczości	foczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczościom	foczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczość	foczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foczość	foczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
focza	foczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foczą	foczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foczą	foczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
focze	foczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
focze	foczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
focze	foczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
focze	foczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foczego	foczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foczego	foczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foczej	foczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foczej	foczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foczej	foczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foczemu	foczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foczo	foczy	adja		
foczych	foczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foczych	foczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foczych	foczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foczy	foczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foczy	foczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foczy	foczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foczym	foczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foczym	foczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foczym	foczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foczymi	foczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fogarascy	fogaraski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fogaraska	fogaraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fogaraską	fogaraski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fogaraską	fogaraski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fogaraskich	fogaraski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fogaraskich	fogaraski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fogaraskich	fogaraski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fogaraskie	fogaraski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fogaraskie	fogaraski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fogaraskie	fogaraski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fogaraskie	fogaraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fogaraskiego	fogaraski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fogaraskiego	fogaraski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fogaraskiej	fogaraski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fogaraskiej	fogaraski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fogaraskiej	fogaraski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fogaraskiemu	fogaraski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fogaraski	fogaraski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fogaraski	fogaraski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fogaraskim	fogaraski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fogaraskim	fogaraski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fogaraskim	fogaraski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fogaraskimi	fogaraski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fogarasko	fogaraski	adja		
fogarasku	fogaraski	adjp		
fogarasko	fogarasko	adv:pos		
fogaraskościach	fogaraskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskościami	fogaraskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskością	fogaraskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskości	fogaraskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskościom	fogaraskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskość	fogaraskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fogaraskość	fogaraskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foje	foje	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foje	foje	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fokach	fok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foka	fok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokami	fok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fok	fok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fok	fok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokiem	fok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foki	fok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foki	fok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foki	fok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokom	fok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokowi	fok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foków	fok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foku	fok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foku	fok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foce	foka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foce	foka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokach	foka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foka	foka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokami	foka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foką	foka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokę	foka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fok	foka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foko	foka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokom	foka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokariach	fokarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokaria	fokarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokaria	fokarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokaria	fokarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokariami	fokarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokariom	fokarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokariów	fokarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokarium	fokarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fokach	foki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokami	foki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fok	foki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
foki	foki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokom	foki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjscy	fokidyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fokidyjska	fokidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fokidyjską	fokidyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fokidyjską	fokidyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fokidyjskich	fokidyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fokidyjskich	fokidyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjskich	fokidyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjskie	fokidyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjskie	fokidyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjskie	fokidyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjskie	fokidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjskiego	fokidyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fokidyjskiego	fokidyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjskiej	fokidyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fokidyjskiej	fokidyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fokidyjskiej	fokidyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fokidyjskiemu	fokidyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjski	fokidyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fokidyjski	fokidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fokidyjskim	fokidyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjskim	fokidyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjskim	fokidyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokidyjskimi	fokidyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokidyjsko	fokidyjski	adja		
fokidyjsku	fokidyjski	adjp		
fokidyjsko	fokidyjsko	adv:pos		
fokidyjskościach	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskościami	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskością	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskości	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskościom	fokidyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskość	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokidyjskość	fokidyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokmaszcie	fokmaszt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszcie	fokmaszt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztach	fokmaszt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztami	fokmaszt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztem	fokmaszt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszt	fokmaszt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszt	fokmaszt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztom	fokmaszt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztowi	fokmaszt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztów	fokmaszt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmasztu	fokmaszt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszty	fokmaszt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszty	fokmaszt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokmaszty	fokmaszt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokomeliach	fokomelia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelia	fokomelia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomeliami	fokomelia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelią	fokomelia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelie	fokomelia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelie	fokomelia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelie	fokomelia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelię	fokomelia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelii	fokomelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fokomelii	fokomelia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelii	fokomelia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelii	fokomelia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomelij	fokomelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fokomelio	fokomelia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokomeliom	fokomelia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowate	fokowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowate	fokowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowate	fokowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatych	fokowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatych	fokowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatym	fokowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatymi	fokowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatościach	fokowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatościami	fokowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatością	fokowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatości	fokowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatościom	fokowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatość	fokowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowatość	fokowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowaci	fokowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fokowata	fokowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fokowatą	fokowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fokowatą	fokowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fokowate	fokowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokowate	fokowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokowate	fokowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fokowate	fokowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fokowatego	fokowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fokowatego	fokowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowatej	fokowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fokowatej	fokowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fokowatej	fokowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fokowatemu	fokowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowato	fokowaty	adja		
fokowatych	fokowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fokowatych	fokowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowatych	fokowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowaty	fokowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fokowaty	fokowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fokowatym	fokowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowatym	fokowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowatym	fokowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowatymi	fokowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowościach	fokowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowościami	fokowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowością	fokowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowości	fokowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowościom	fokowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowość	fokowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowość	fokowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokowa	fokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fokową	fokowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fokową	fokowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fokowe	fokowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokowe	fokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokowe	fokowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fokowe	fokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fokowego	fokowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fokowego	fokowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowej	fokowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fokowej	fokowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fokowej	fokowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fokowemu	fokowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowi	fokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fokowo	fokowy	adja		
fokowych	fokowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fokowych	fokowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowych	fokowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowy	fokowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fokowy	fokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fokowym	fokowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokowym	fokowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowym	fokowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokowymi	fokowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokrei	fokreja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|żegl.
fokrei	fokreja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrei	fokreja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrei	fokreja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrejach	fokreja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreja	fokreja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrejami	fokreja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreją	fokreja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreje	fokreja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreje	fokreja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreje	fokreja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokreję	fokreja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrej	fokreja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|żegl.
fokrejo	fokreja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokrejom	fokreja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksalach	foksal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksala	foksal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalami	foksal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksale	foksal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksale	foksal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksale	foksal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalem	foksal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksal	foksal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksal	foksal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksali	foksal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalom	foksal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowi	foksal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalu	foksal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalu	foksal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalu	foksal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowościach	foksalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowościami	foksalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowością	foksalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowości	foksalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowościom	foksalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowość	foksalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowość	foksalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foksalowa	foksalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
foksalową	foksalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
foksalową	foksalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
foksalowe	foksalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksalowe	foksalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksalowe	foksalowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowe	foksalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowego	foksalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
foksalowego	foksalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowej	foksalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
foksalowej	foksalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
foksalowej	foksalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
foksalowemu	foksalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowi	foksalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
foksalowo	foksalowy	adja		daw.
foksalowych	foksalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
foksalowych	foksalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksalowych	foksalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksalowy	foksalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
foksalowy	foksalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
foksalowym	foksalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksalowym	foksalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowym	foksalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foksalowymi	foksalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foksikach	foksik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksika	foksik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksika	foksik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksikami	foksik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksik	foksik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksikiem	foksik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksiki	foksik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksiki	foksik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksiki	foksik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksikom	foksik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksikowi	foksik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksików	foksik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksiku	foksik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksiku	foksik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksach	foks:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksa	foks:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksa	foks:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksami	foks:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksem	foks:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foks	foks:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksie	foks:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksie	foks:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksom	foks:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksowie	foks:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksowie	foks:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksowi	foks:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksów	foks:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksów	foks:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksy	foks:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksy	foks:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
foksach	foks:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksa	foks:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksa	foks:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksami	foks:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksem	foks:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foks	foks:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksie	foks:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksie	foks:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksom	foks:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksowi	foks:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksów	foks:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksy	foks:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksy	foks:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksy	foks:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foksterierach	foksterier	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksteriera	foksterier	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksteriera	foksterier	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierami	foksterier	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierem	foksterier	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterier	foksterier	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierom	foksterier	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierowi	foksterier	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierów	foksterier	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksteriery	foksterier	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksteriery	foksterier	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksteriery	foksterier	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierze	foksterier	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierze	foksterier	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
foksterierek	foksterierek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierkach	foksterierek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierka	foksterierek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierka	foksterierek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierkami	foksterierek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierkiem	foksterierek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierki	foksterierek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierki	foksterierek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierki	foksterierek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierkom	foksterierek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierkowi	foksterierek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierków	foksterierek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierku	foksterierek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foksterierku	foksterierek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fokstrocie	fokstrot	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrocie	fokstrot	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotach	fokstrot	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrota	fokstrot	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrota	fokstrot	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotami	fokstrot	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotem	fokstrot	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrot	fokstrot	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotom	fokstrot	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotowi	fokstrot	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstrotów	fokstrot	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstroty	fokstrot	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstroty	fokstrot	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
fokstroty	fokstrot	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
foksztaksel	foksztaksel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksel	foksztaksel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslach	foksztaksel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksla	foksztaksel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslami	foksztaksel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksle	foksztaksel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksle	foksztaksel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksle	foksztaksel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslem	foksztaksel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztaksli	foksztaksel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslom	foksztaksel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslowi	foksztaksel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslów	foksztaksel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslu	foksztaksel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
foksztakslu	foksztaksel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokusach	fokus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusami	fokus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusem	fokus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokus	fokus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokus	fokus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusie	fokus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusie	fokus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusom	fokus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowi	fokus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusów	fokus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusu	fokus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusy	fokus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusy	fokus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusy	fokus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowościach	fokusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowościami	fokusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowością	fokusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowości	fokusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowościom	fokusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowość	fokusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowość	fokusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fokusowa	fokusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fokusową	fokusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fokusową	fokusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fokusowe	fokusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokusowe	fokusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fokusowe	fokusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fokusowe	fokusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fokusowego	fokusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fokusowego	fokusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokusowej	fokusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fokusowej	fokusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fokusowej	fokusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fokusowemu	fokusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokusowi	fokusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fokusowo	fokusowy	adja		
fokusowych	fokusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fokusowych	fokusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokusowych	fokusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokusowy	fokusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fokusowy	fokusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fokusowym	fokusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokusowym	fokusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokusowym	fokusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fokusowymi	fokusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fokżagiel	fokżagiel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagiel	fokżagiel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglach	fokżagiel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagla	fokżagiel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglami	fokżagiel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagle	fokżagiel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagle	fokżagiel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagle	fokżagiel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglem	fokżagiel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżagli	fokżagiel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglom	fokżagiel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglowi	fokżagiel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglów	fokżagiel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglu	fokżagiel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fokżaglu	fokżagiel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
folach	fola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fola	fola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folami	fola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folą	fola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fole	fola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fole	fola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fole	fola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folę	fola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fol	fola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
foli	fola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
foli	fola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foli	fola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foli	fola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folo	fola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folom	fola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarscy	folarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folarska	folarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folarską	folarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folarską	folarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folarskich	folarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folarskich	folarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folarskich	folarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folarskie	folarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folarskie	folarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folarskie	folarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folarskie	folarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folarskiego	folarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folarskiego	folarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folarskiej	folarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folarskiej	folarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folarskiej	folarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folarskiemu	folarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folarski	folarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folarski	folarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folarskim	folarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folarskim	folarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folarskim	folarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folarskimi	folarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folarsko	folarski	adja		
folarsku	folarski	adjp		
folarsko	folarsko	adv:pos		
folarskościach	folarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskościami	folarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskością	folarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskości	folarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskościom	folarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskość	folarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarskość	folarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folarzach	folarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzach	folarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarza	folarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarza	folarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarza	folarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarza	folarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzami	folarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzami	folarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarze	folarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folarze	folarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarze	folarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folarze	folarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarze	folarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarze	folarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarze	folarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarze	folarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzem	folarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzem	folarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarz	folarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarz	folarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzom	folarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzom	folarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzowi	folarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzowi	folarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzów	folarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzów	folarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzu	folarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzu	folarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzu	folarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzu	folarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
folarzy	folarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folarzy	folarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folblucie	folblut	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblucie	folblut	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutach	folblut	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folbluta	folblut	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folbluta	folblut	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutami	folblut	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutem	folblut	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblut	folblut	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutom	folblut	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutowi	folblut	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutów	folblut	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folbluty	folblut	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folbluty	folblut	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folbluty	folblut	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folblutce	folblutka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutce	folblutka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutek	folblutka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutkach	folblutka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutka	folblutka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutkami	folblutka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutką	folblutka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutkę	folblutka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutki	folblutka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutki	folblutka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutki	folblutka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutki	folblutka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutko	folblutka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folblutkom	folblutka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderach	folder	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foldera	folder	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderami	folder	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderem	folder	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folder	folder	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folder	folder	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderom	folder	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderowi	folder	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderów	folder	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderu	folder	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foldery	folder	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foldery	folder	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foldery	folder	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderze	folder	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderze	folder	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folderowo	folderowo	adv:pos		
folderowościach	folderowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowościami	folderowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowością	folderowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowości	folderowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowościom	folderowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowość	folderowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowość	folderowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folderowa	folderowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folderową	folderowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folderową	folderowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folderowe	folderowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folderowe	folderowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folderowe	folderowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folderowe	folderowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folderowego	folderowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folderowego	folderowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folderowej	folderowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folderowej	folderowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folderowej	folderowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folderowemu	folderowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folderowi	folderowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folderowo	folderowy	adja		
folderowych	folderowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folderowych	folderowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folderowych	folderowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folderowy	folderowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folderowy	folderowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folderowym	folderowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folderowym	folderowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folderowym	folderowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folderowymi	folderowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foldze	folga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
foldze	folga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgach	folga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folga	folga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgami	folga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgą	folga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgę	folga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folg	folga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgi	folga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgi	folga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgi	folga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgi	folga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgo	folga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgom	folga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
folgować	folgować	inf:imperf		przest.
folgowaliby	folgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowalibyście	folgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowalibyśmy	folgować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowali	folgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
folgowali	folgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowaliście	folgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowaliśmy	folgować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałaby	folgować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałabym	folgować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałabyś	folgować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowała	folgować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
folgowała	folgować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałam	folgować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałaś	folgować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowałby	folgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałbym	folgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałbyś	folgować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowałem	folgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałeś	folgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
folgował	folgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
folgował	folgować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałoby	folgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałobym	folgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałobyś	folgować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowało	folgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
folgowało	folgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałom	folgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowałoś	folgować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowałyby	folgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałybyście	folgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowałybyśmy	folgować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowały	folgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
folgowały	folgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
folgowałyście	folgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
folgowałyśmy	folgować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
folgowaniach	folgować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowania	folgować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowania	folgować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowaniami	folgować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowanie	folgować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowaniem	folgować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowaniom	folgować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowaniu	folgować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
folgowano	folgować	imps:imperf		przest.
folgowań	folgować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
folgująca	folgować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
folgującą	folgować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
folgujące	folgować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folgujące	folgować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folgującego	folgować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
folgującego	folgować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folgującej	folgować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
folgującemu	folgować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folgując	folgować	pcon:imperf		przest.
folgująco	folgować	pacta		
folgujących	folgować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folgujących	folgować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folgujący	folgować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folgujący	folgować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
folgujący	folgować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
folgującym	folgować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folgującym	folgować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folgującymi	folgować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folgują	folgować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
folgujcie	folgować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
folgujecie	folgować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
folguje	folgować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
folgujemy	folgować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
folgujesz	folgować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
folguję	folgować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
folguj	folgować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
folgujmy	folgować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
foliach	folia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folia	folia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliami	folia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folią	folia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folie	folia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folie	folia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folie	folia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folię	folia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folii	folia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
folii	folia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folii	folia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folii	folia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folij	folia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
folio	folia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliom	folia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacjach	foliacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacja	foliacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacjami	foliacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacją	foliacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacje	foliacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacje	foliacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacje	foliacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliację	foliacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacji	foliacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
foliacji	foliacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacji	foliacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacji	foliacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacjo	foliacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacjom	foliacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliacyj	foliacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
foliale	foliał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliale	foliał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałach	foliał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałami	foliał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałem	foliał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliał	foliał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliał	foliał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałom	foliał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowi	foliał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałów	foliał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliału	foliał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliały	foliał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliały	foliał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliały	foliał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowościach	foliałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowościami	foliałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowością	foliałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowości	foliałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowościom	foliałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowość	foliałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowość	foliałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliałowa	foliałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foliałową	foliałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foliałową	foliałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foliałowe	foliałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliałowe	foliałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliałowe	foliałowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foliałowe	foliałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foliałowego	foliałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foliałowego	foliałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliałowej	foliałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foliałowej	foliałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foliałowej	foliałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foliałowemu	foliałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliałowi	foliałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foliałowo	foliałowy	adja		
foliałowych	foliałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foliałowych	foliałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliałowych	foliałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliałowy	foliałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foliałowy	foliałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foliałowym	foliałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliałowym	foliałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliałowym	foliałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliałowymi	foliałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliancie	foliant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliancie	foliant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantach	foliant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantami	foliant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantem	foliant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliant	foliant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliant	foliant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantom	foliant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowi	foliant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantów	foliant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantu	foliant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folianty	foliant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folianty	foliant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folianty	foliant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowościach	foliantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowościami	foliantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowością	foliantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowości	foliantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowościom	foliantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowość	foliantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowość	foliantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliantowa	foliantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foliantową	foliantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foliantową	foliantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foliantowe	foliantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliantowe	foliantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliantowe	foliantowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foliantowe	foliantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foliantowego	foliantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foliantowego	foliantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliantowej	foliantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foliantowej	foliantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foliantowej	foliantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foliantowemu	foliantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliantowi	foliantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foliantowo	foliantowy	adja		
foliantowych	foliantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foliantowych	foliantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliantowych	foliantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliantowy	foliantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foliantowy	foliantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foliantowym	foliantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliantowym	foliantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliantowym	foliantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliantowymi	foliantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliarce	foliarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarce	foliarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarek	foliarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarkach	foliarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarka	foliarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarkami	foliarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarką	foliarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarkę	foliarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarki	foliarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarki	foliarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarki	foliarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarki	foliarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarko	foliarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliarkom	foliarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidach	folidoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidami	folidoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidem	folidoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoid	folidoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoid	folidoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidom	folidoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidowi	folidoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidów	folidoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidu	folidoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidy	folidoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidy	folidoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidy	folidoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidzie	folidoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folidoidzie	folidoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinach	folikulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulina	folikulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinami	folikulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikuliną	folikulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinę	folikulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulin	folikulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinie	folikulina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinie	folikulina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulino	folikulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikulinom	folikulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikuliny	folikulina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikuliny	folikulina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikuliny	folikulina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folikuliny	folikulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folio	folio	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foliografach	foliograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografami	foliograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografem	foliograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliograf	foliograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliograf	foliograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografie	foliograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografie	foliograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografom	foliograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografowi	foliograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografów	foliograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografu	foliograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografy	foliograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografy	foliograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliografy	foliograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foliować	foliować	inf:imperf		
foliowaliby	foliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
foliowalibyście	foliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
foliowalibyśmy	foliować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
foliowali	foliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
foliowali	foliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
foliowaliście	foliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
foliowaliśmy	foliować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
foliowałaby	foliować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
foliowałabym	foliować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
foliowałabyś	foliować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
foliowała	foliować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
foliowała	foliować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
foliowałam	foliować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
foliowałaś	foliować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
foliowałby	foliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
foliowałbym	foliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
foliowałbyś	foliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
foliowałem	foliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
foliowałeś	foliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
foliował	foliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
foliował	foliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
foliowałoby	foliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
foliowałobym	foliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
foliowałobyś	foliować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
foliowało	foliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
foliowało	foliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
foliowałom	foliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
foliowałoś	foliować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
foliowałyby	foliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
foliowałybyście	foliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
foliowałybyśmy	foliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
foliowały	foliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
foliowały	foliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
foliowałyście	foliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
foliowałyśmy	foliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
foliowana	foliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
foliowaną	foliować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
foliowane	foliować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliowane	foliować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliowanego	foliować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
foliowanego	foliować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliowanej	foliować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
foliowanemu	foliować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliowaniach	foliować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowania	foliować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowania	foliować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowaniami	foliować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowanie	foliować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowaniem	foliować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowani	foliować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foliowaniom	foliować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowaniu	foliować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
foliowano	foliować	imps:imperf		
foliowanych	foliować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foliowanych	foliować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliowany	foliować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
foliowany	foliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
foliowanym	foliować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliowanym	foliować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliowanymi	foliować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliowań	foliować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
foliująca	foliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
foliującą	foliować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
foliujące	foliować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliujące	foliować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliującego	foliować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
foliującego	foliować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliującej	foliować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
foliującemu	foliować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliując	foliować	pcon:imperf		
foliująco	foliować	pacta		
foliujących	foliować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foliujących	foliować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliujący	foliować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foliujący	foliować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
foliujący	foliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
foliującym	foliować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliującym	foliować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foliującymi	foliować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foliują	foliować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
foliujcie	foliować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
foliujecie	foliować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
foliuje	foliować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
foliujemy	foliować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
foliujesz	foliować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
foliuję	foliować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
foliuj	foliować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
foliujmy	foliować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
foliowościach	foliowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowościami	foliowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowością	foliowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowości	foliowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowościom	foliowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowość	foliowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowość	foliowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliowa	foliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foliową	foliowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foliową	foliowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foliowe	foliowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliowe	foliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foliowe	foliowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foliowe	foliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foliowego	foliowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foliowego	foliowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliowej	foliowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foliowej	foliowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foliowej	foliowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foliowemu	foliowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliowi	foliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foliowo	foliowy	adja		
foliowych	foliowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foliowych	foliowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliowych	foliowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliowy	foliowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foliowy	foliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foliowym	foliowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliowym	foliowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliowym	foliowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foliowymi	foliowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foliówce	foliówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówce	foliówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówek	foliówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówkach	foliówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówka	foliówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówkami	foliówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówką	foliówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówkę	foliówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówki	foliówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówki	foliówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówki	foliówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówki	foliówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówko	foliówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foliówkom	foliówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkach	folk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkami	folk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folk	folk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folk	folk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkiem	folk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folki	folk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folki	folk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folki	folk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkom	folk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkowi	folk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folków	folk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folku	folk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folku	folk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folku	folk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorach	folklor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorami	folklor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorem	folklor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklor	folklor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklor	folklor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorom	folklor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowi	folklor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorów	folklor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloru	folklor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklory	folklor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklory	folklor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklory	folklor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorze	folklor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorze	folklor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowościach	folklorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowościami	folklorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowością	folklorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowości	folklorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowościom	folklorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowość	folklorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowość	folklorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorowa	folklorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folklorową	folklorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folklorową	folklorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folklorowe	folklorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folklorowe	folklorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folklorowe	folklorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folklorowe	folklorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folklorowego	folklorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folklorowego	folklorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorowej	folklorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folklorowej	folklorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folklorowej	folklorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folklorowemu	folklorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorowi	folklorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folklorowo	folklorowy	adja		
folklorowych	folklorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folklorowych	folklorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorowych	folklorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorowy	folklorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folklorowy	folklorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folklorowym	folklorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorowym	folklorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorowym	folklorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorowymi	folklorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystach	folklorysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorysta	folklorysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystami	folklorysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystą	folklorysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystę	folklorysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorysto	folklorysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystom	folklorysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystów	folklorysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystów	folklorysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorysty	folklorysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folklorysty	folklorysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folklorysty	folklorysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryście	folklorysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryście	folklorysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryści	folklorysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryści	folklorysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystycznie	folklorystycznie	adv:pos		
folklorystycznościach	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystycznościami	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystycznością	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczności	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystycznościom	folklorystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczność	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczność	folklorystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyczna	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folklorystyczną	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folklorystyczną	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folklorystyczne	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystyczne	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystyczne	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folklorystyczne	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folklorystycznego	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folklorystycznego	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorystycznej	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folklorystycznej	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folklorystycznej	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folklorystycznemu	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorystyczni	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folklorystyczno	folklorystyczny	adja		
folklorystycznych	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folklorystycznych	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystycznych	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystyczny	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folklorystyczny	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folklorystycznym	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystycznym	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorystycznym	folklorystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folklorystycznymi	folklorystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folklorystyce	folklorystyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyce	folklorystyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystykach	folklorystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyka	folklorystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystykami	folklorystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyką	folklorystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystykę	folklorystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyk	folklorystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyki	folklorystyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyki	folklorystyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyki	folklorystyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyki	folklorystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystyko	folklorystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folklorystykom	folklorystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmach	folkloryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmami	folkloryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmem	folkloryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzm	folkloryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzm	folkloryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmie	folkloryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmie	folkloryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmom	folkloryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmowi	folkloryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmów	folkloryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmu	folkloryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmy	folkloryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmy	folkloryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkloryzmy	folkloryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcach	folkowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowca	folkowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowca	folkowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcami	folkowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowce	folkowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folkowce	folkowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcem	folkowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcom	folkowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcowi	folkowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowców	folkowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowców	folkowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcu	folkowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcu	folkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcy	folkowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcy	folkowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowcze	folkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowiec	folkowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folkowo	folkowo	adv:pos		
folkowościach	folkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowościami	folkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowością	folkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowości	folkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowościom	folkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowość	folkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowość	folkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folkowa	folkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folkową	folkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folkową	folkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folkowe	folkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folkowe	folkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folkowe	folkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folkowe	folkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folkowego	folkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folkowego	folkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folkowej	folkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folkowej	folkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folkowej	folkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folkowemu	folkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folkowi	folkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folkowo	folkowy	adja		
folkowych	folkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folkowych	folkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folkowych	folkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folkowy	folkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folkowy	folkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folkowym	folkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folkowym	folkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folkowym	folkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folkowymi	folkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folksdojczach	folksdojcz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcza	folksdojcz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcza	folksdojcz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczami	folksdojcz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcze	folksdojcz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcze	folksdojcz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcze	folksdojcz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcze	folksdojcz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczem	folksdojcz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojcz	folksdojcz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczom	folksdojcz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczowi	folksdojcz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczów	folksdojcz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczów	folksdojcz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczu	folksdojcz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczu	folksdojcz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczy	folksdojcz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczy	folksdojcz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczce	folksdojczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczce	folksdojczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczek	folksdojczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczkach	folksdojczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczka	folksdojczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczkami	folksdojczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczką	folksdojczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczkę	folksdojczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczki	folksdojczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczki	folksdojczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczki	folksdojczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczki	folksdojczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczko	folksdojczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folksdojczkom	folksdojczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folować	folować	inf:imperf		techn.
folowaliby	folować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.
folowalibyście	folować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.
folowalibyśmy	folować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.
folowali	folować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		techn.
folowali	folować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.
folowaliście	folować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.
folowaliśmy	folować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałaby	folować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałabym	folować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałabyś	folować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
folowała	folować	praet:sg:f:imperf		techn.
folowała	folować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałam	folować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałaś	folować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
folowałby	folować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałbym	folować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałbyś	folować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
folowałem	folować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałeś	folować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
folował	folować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		techn.
folował	folować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałoby	folować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałobym	folować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałobyś	folować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.
folowało	folować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		techn.
folowało	folować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałom	folować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.
folowałoś	folować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.
folowałyby	folować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałybyście	folować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.
folowałybyśmy	folować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.
folowały	folować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		techn.
folowały	folować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.
folowałyście	folować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.
folowałyśmy	folować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.
folowana	folować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
folowaną	folować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
folowane	folować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folowane	folować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folowanego	folować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
folowanego	folować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folowanej	folować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
folowanemu	folować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folowaniach	folować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
folowania	folować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
folowania	folować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
folowaniami	folować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
folowanie	folować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
folowaniem	folować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
folowani	folować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folowaniom	folować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
folowaniu	folować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
folowano	folować	imps:imperf		techn.
folowanych	folować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folowanych	folować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folowany	folować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
folowany	folować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
folowanym	folować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folowanym	folować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folowanymi	folować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folowań	folować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
folująca	folować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
folującą	folować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
folujące	folować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folujące	folować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folującego	folować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
folującego	folować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folującej	folować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
folującemu	folować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folując	folować	pcon:imperf		techn.
folująco	folować	pacta		
folujących	folować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folujących	folować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folujący	folować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
folujący	folować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
folujący	folować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
folującym	folować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folującym	folować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
folującymi	folować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
folują	folować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		techn.
folujcie	folować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
folujecie	folować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
foluje	folować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		techn.
folujemy	folować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
folujesz	folować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
foluję	folować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		techn.
foluj	folować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
folujmy	folować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
folsomscy	folsomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folsomska	folsomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folsomską	folsomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folsomską	folsomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folsomskich	folsomski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folsomskich	folsomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folsomskich	folsomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folsomskie	folsomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folsomskie	folsomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folsomskie	folsomski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folsomskie	folsomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folsomskiego	folsomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folsomskiego	folsomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folsomskiej	folsomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folsomskiej	folsomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folsomskiej	folsomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folsomskiemu	folsomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folsomski	folsomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folsomski	folsomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folsomskim	folsomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folsomskim	folsomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folsomskim	folsomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folsomskimi	folsomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folsomsko	folsomski	adja		
folsomsku	folsomski	adjp		
folsomsko	folsomsko	adv:pos		
folsomskościach	folsomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskościami	folsomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskością	folsomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskości	folsomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskościom	folsomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskość	folsomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folsomskość	folsomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszach	folusz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusza	folusz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszami	folusz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusze	folusz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusze	folusz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusze	folusz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszem	folusz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusz	folusz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusz	folusz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszom	folusz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowi	folusz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszów	folusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszu	folusz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszu	folusz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszu	folusz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foluszy	folusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwach	folusznictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwa	folusznictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwa	folusznictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwa	folusznictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwa	folusznictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwami	folusznictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwem	folusznictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictw	folusznictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwie	folusznictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwo	folusznictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwo	folusznictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwo	folusznictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwom	folusznictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznictwu	folusznictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczościach	foluszniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczościami	foluszniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczością	foluszniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczości	foluszniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczościom	foluszniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczość	foluszniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniczość	foluszniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folusznicza	foluszniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foluszniczą	foluszniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foluszniczą	foluszniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folusznicze	foluszniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folusznicze	foluszniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folusznicze	foluszniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folusznicze	foluszniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foluszniczego	foluszniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foluszniczego	foluszniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszniczej	foluszniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foluszniczej	foluszniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foluszniczej	foluszniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foluszniczemu	foluszniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszniczo	foluszniczy	adja		
foluszniczych	foluszniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foluszniczych	foluszniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszniczych	foluszniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszniczy	foluszniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foluszniczy	foluszniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foluszniczy	foluszniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foluszniczym	foluszniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszniczym	foluszniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszniczym	foluszniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszniczymi	foluszniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folusznicy	folusznik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznicy	folusznik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznikach	folusznik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznika	folusznik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznika	folusznik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznikami	folusznik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznik	folusznik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznikiem	folusznik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniki	folusznik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniki	folusznik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folusznikom	folusznik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folusznikowi	folusznik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszników	folusznik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszników	folusznik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniku	folusznik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszniku	folusznik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foluszować	foluszować	inf:imperf		
foluszowaliby	foluszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
foluszowalibyście	foluszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
foluszowalibyśmy	foluszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
foluszowali	foluszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
foluszowali	foluszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
foluszowaliście	foluszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
foluszowaliśmy	foluszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
foluszowałaby	foluszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
foluszowałabym	foluszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
foluszowałabyś	foluszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
foluszowała	foluszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
foluszowała	foluszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
foluszowałam	foluszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
foluszowałaś	foluszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
foluszowałby	foluszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
foluszowałbym	foluszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
foluszowałbyś	foluszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
foluszowałem	foluszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
foluszowałeś	foluszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
foluszował	foluszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
foluszował	foluszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
foluszowałoby	foluszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
foluszowałobym	foluszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
foluszowałobyś	foluszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
foluszowało	foluszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
foluszowało	foluszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
foluszowałom	foluszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
foluszowałoś	foluszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
foluszowałyby	foluszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
foluszowałybyście	foluszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
foluszowałybyśmy	foluszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
foluszowały	foluszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
foluszowały	foluszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
foluszowałyście	foluszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
foluszowałyśmy	foluszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
foluszowana	foluszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
foluszowaną	foluszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
foluszowane	foluszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszowane	foluszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowanego	foluszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
foluszowanego	foluszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowanej	foluszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
foluszowanemu	foluszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowaniach	foluszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowania	foluszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowania	foluszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowaniami	foluszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowanie	foluszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowaniem	foluszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowani	foluszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foluszowaniom	foluszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowaniu	foluszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowano	foluszować	imps:imperf		
foluszowanych	foluszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foluszowanych	foluszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszowany	foluszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
foluszowany	foluszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
foluszowanym	foluszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszowanym	foluszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszowanymi	foluszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszowań	foluszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
foluszująca	foluszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
foluszującą	foluszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
foluszujące	foluszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszujące	foluszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszującego	foluszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
foluszującego	foluszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszującej	foluszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
foluszującemu	foluszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszując	foluszować	pcon:imperf		
foluszująco	foluszować	pacta		
foluszujących	foluszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foluszujących	foluszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszujący	foluszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
foluszujący	foluszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
foluszujący	foluszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
foluszującym	foluszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszującym	foluszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
foluszującymi	foluszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
foluszują	foluszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
foluszujcie	foluszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
foluszujecie	foluszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
foluszuje	foluszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
foluszujemy	foluszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
foluszujesz	foluszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
foluszuję	foluszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
foluszuj	foluszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
foluszujmy	foluszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
foluszowościach	foluszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowościami	foluszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowością	foluszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowości	foluszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowościom	foluszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowość	foluszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowość	foluszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foluszowa	foluszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foluszową	foluszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foluszową	foluszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foluszowe	foluszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foluszowe	foluszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foluszowe	foluszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foluszowe	foluszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foluszowego	foluszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foluszowego	foluszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszowej	foluszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foluszowej	foluszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foluszowej	foluszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foluszowemu	foluszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszowi	foluszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foluszowo	foluszowy	adja		
foluszowych	foluszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foluszowych	foluszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszowych	foluszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszowy	foluszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foluszowy	foluszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foluszowym	foluszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foluszowym	foluszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszowym	foluszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foluszowymi	foluszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarczek	folwarczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczek	folwarczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczkach	folwarczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczkami	folwarczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczkiem	folwarczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczki	folwarczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczki	folwarczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczki	folwarczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczkom	folwarczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczkowi	folwarczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczków	folwarczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczku	folwarczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczku	folwarczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczku	folwarczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznościach	folwarczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznościami	folwarczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznością	folwarczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczności	folwarczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznościom	folwarczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczność	folwarczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczność	folwarczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczna	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folwarczną	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folwarczną	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folwarczne	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folwarczne	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folwarczne	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folwarczne	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folwarcznego	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folwarcznego	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarcznej	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folwarcznej	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folwarcznej	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folwarcznemu	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarczni	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folwarczno	folwarczny:a	adja		
folwarcznych	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folwarcznych	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarcznych	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarczny	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folwarczny	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folwarcznym	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarcznym	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarcznym	folwarczny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarcznymi	folwarczny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarczne	folwarczny:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczne	folwarczny:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznego	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznego	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznemu	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczni	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczni	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznych	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznych	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznych	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczny	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczny	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznym	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznym	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznym	folwarczny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarcznymi	folwarczny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynach	folwarczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynach	folwarczyna	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyna	folwarczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyna	folwarczyna	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynami	folwarczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynami	folwarczyna	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyną	folwarczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyną	folwarczyna	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynę	folwarczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynę	folwarczyna	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyn	folwarczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynie	folwarczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynie	folwarczyna	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynie	folwarczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynie	folwarczyna	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyno	folwarczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyno	folwarczyna	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynom	folwarczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynom	folwarczyna	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczynów	folwarczyna	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarczyny	folwarczyna	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
folwareczek	folwareczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczek	folwareczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczkach	folwareczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczkami	folwareczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczkiem	folwareczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczki	folwareczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczki	folwareczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczki	folwareczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczkom	folwareczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczkowi	folwareczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczków	folwareczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczku	folwareczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczku	folwareczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwareczku	folwareczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarek	folwarek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarek	folwarek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkach	folwarek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkami	folwarek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkiem	folwarek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarki	folwarek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarki	folwarek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarki	folwarek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkom	folwarek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkowi	folwarek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarków	folwarek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarku	folwarek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarku	folwarek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarku	folwarek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
folwarkach	folwark	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkami	folwark	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwark	folwark	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwark	folwark	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkiem	folwark	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarki	folwark	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarki	folwark	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarki	folwark	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkom	folwark	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowi	folwark	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarków	folwark	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarku	folwark	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarku	folwark	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarku	folwark	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowościach	folwarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowościami	folwarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowością	folwarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowości	folwarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowościom	folwarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowość	folwarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowość	folwarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
folwarkowa	folwarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
folwarkową	folwarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
folwarkową	folwarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
folwarkowe	folwarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folwarkowe	folwarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
folwarkowe	folwarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowe	folwarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowego	folwarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
folwarkowego	folwarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowej	folwarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
folwarkowej	folwarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
folwarkowej	folwarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
folwarkowemu	folwarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowi	folwarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
folwarkowo	folwarkowy	adja		
folwarkowych	folwarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
folwarkowych	folwarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarkowych	folwarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarkowy	folwarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
folwarkowy	folwarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
folwarkowym	folwarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
folwarkowym	folwarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowym	folwarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
folwarkowymi	folwarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fomozach	fomoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomoza	fomoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozami	fomoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozą	fomoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozę	fomoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomoz	fomoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozie	fomoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozie	fomoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozo	fomoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozom	fomoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozy	fomoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozy	fomoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozy	fomoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fomozy	fomoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonach	fon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonami	fon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonem	fon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fon	fon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fon	fon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonie	fon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonie	fon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonom	fon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonowi	fon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonów	fon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonu	fon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fony	fon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fony	fon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fony	fon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonacjach	fonacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacja	fonacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacjami	fonacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacją	fonacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacje	fonacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacje	fonacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacje	fonacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonację	fonacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacji	fonacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonacji	fonacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacji	fonacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacji	fonacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacjo	fonacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacjom	fonacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyj	fonacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonacyjnościach	fonacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjnościami	fonacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjnością	fonacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjności	fonacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjnościom	fonacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjność	fonacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjność	fonacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonacyjna	fonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonacyjną	fonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonacyjną	fonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonacyjne	fonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonacyjne	fonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonacyjne	fonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjne	fonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjnego	fonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonacyjnego	fonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjnej	fonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonacyjnej	fonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonacyjnej	fonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonacyjnemu	fonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjni	fonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonacyjno	fonacyjny	adja		
fonacyjnych	fonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonacyjnych	fonacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonacyjnych	fonacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonacyjny	fonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonacyjny	fonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonacyjnym	fonacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonacyjnym	fonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjnym	fonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonacyjnymi	fonacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fondue	fondue	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fonemach	fonem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemami	fonem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemem	fonem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonem	fonem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonem	fonem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemie	fonem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemie	fonem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemom	fonem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemowi	fonem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemów	fonem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemu	fonem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemy	fonem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemy	fonem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemy	fonem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonemach	fonema	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonema	fonema	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemami	fonema	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemą	fonema	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemę	fonema	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonem	fonema	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemie	fonema	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemie	fonema	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemo	fonema	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemom	fonema	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemy	fonema	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemy	fonema	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemy	fonema	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemy	fonema	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemacie	fonemat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemacie	fonemat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematach	fonemat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematami	fonemat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematem	fonemat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemat	fonemat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonemat	fonemat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematom	fonemat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematowi	fonemat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematów	fonemat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematu	fonemat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematy	fonemat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematy	fonemat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematy	fonemat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fonematycznościach	fonematyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematycznościami	fonematyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematycznością	fonematyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczności	fonematyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematycznościom	fonematyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczność	fonematyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczność	fonematyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyczna	fonematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonematyczną	fonematyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonematyczną	fonematyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonematyczne	fonematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonematyczne	fonematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonematyczne	fonematyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonematyczne	fonematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonematycznego	fonematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonematycznego	fonematyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonematycznej	fonematyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonematycznej	fonematyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonematycznej	fonematyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonematycznemu	fonematyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonematyczni	fonematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonematyczno	fonematyczny	adja		
fonematycznych	fonematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonematycznych	fonematyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonematycznych	fonematyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonematyczny	fonematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonematyczny	fonematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonematycznym	fonematyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonematycznym	fonematyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonematycznym	fonematyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonematycznymi	fonematyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonematyce	fonematyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyce	fonematyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematykach	fonematyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyka	fonematyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematykami	fonematyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyką	fonematyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematykę	fonematyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyk	fonematyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyki	fonematyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyki	fonematyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyki	fonematyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyki	fonematyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematyko	fonematyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonematykom	fonematyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowościach	fonemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowościami	fonemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowością	fonemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowości	fonemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowościom	fonemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowość	fonemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowość	fonemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonemowa	fonemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonemową	fonemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonemową	fonemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonemowe	fonemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonemowe	fonemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonemowe	fonemowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonemowe	fonemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonemowego	fonemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonemowego	fonemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonemowej	fonemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonemowej	fonemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonemowej	fonemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonemowemu	fonemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonemowi	fonemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonemowo	fonemowy	adja		
fonemowych	fonemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonemowych	fonemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonemowych	fonemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonemowy	fonemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonemowy	fonemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonemowym	fonemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonemowym	fonemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonemowym	fonemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonemowymi	fonemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonendoskopach	fonendoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopami	fonendoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopem	fonendoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskop	fonendoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskop	fonendoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopie	fonendoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopie	fonendoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopom	fonendoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopowi	fonendoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopów	fonendoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopu	fonendoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopy	fonendoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopy	fonendoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonendoskopy	fonendoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczce	fonetyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczce	fonetyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczek	fonetyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczkach	fonetyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczka	fonetyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczkami	fonetyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczką	fonetyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczkę	fonetyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczki	fonetyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczki	fonetyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczki	fonetyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczki	fonetyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczko	fonetyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczkom	fonetyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetycznie	fonetycznie	adv:pos		
fonetycznościach	fonetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetycznościami	fonetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetycznością	fonetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczności	fonetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetycznościom	fonetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczność	fonetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczność	fonetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyczna	fonetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonetyczną	fonetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonetyczną	fonetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonetyczne	fonetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonetyczne	fonetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonetyczne	fonetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonetyczne	fonetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonetycznego	fonetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonetycznego	fonetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonetycznej	fonetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonetycznej	fonetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonetycznej	fonetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonetycznemu	fonetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonetyczni	fonetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonetyczno	fonetyczny	adja		
fonetycznych	fonetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonetycznych	fonetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonetycznych	fonetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonetyczny	fonetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonetyczny	fonetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonetycznym	fonetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonetycznym	fonetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonetycznym	fonetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonetycznymi	fonetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonetycy	fonetyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetycy	fonetyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetykach	fonetyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyka	fonetyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyka	fonetyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetykami	fonetyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyk	fonetyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetykiem	fonetyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyki	fonetyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyki	fonetyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonetykom	fonetyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetykowi	fonetyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyków	fonetyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyków	fonetyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyku	fonetyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyku	fonetyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyce	fonetyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyce	fonetyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetykach	fonetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyka	fonetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetykami	fonetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyką	fonetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetykę	fonetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyk	fonetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyki	fonetyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyki	fonetyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyki	fonetyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyki	fonetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyko	fonetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetykom	fonetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonetyzacjach	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacja	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacjami	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacją	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacje	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacje	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacje	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzację	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacji	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonetyzacji	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacji	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacji	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacjo	fonetyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacjom	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonetyzacyj	fonetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonetyzować	fonetyzować	inf:imperf		
fonetyzowaliby	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowalibyście	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowalibyśmy	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowali	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fonetyzowali	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowaliście	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowaliśmy	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałaby	fonetyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałabym	fonetyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałabyś	fonetyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowała	fonetyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fonetyzowała	fonetyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałam	fonetyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałaś	fonetyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowałby	fonetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałbym	fonetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałbyś	fonetyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowałem	fonetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałeś	fonetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fonetyzował	fonetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fonetyzował	fonetyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałoby	fonetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałobym	fonetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałobyś	fonetyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowało	fonetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fonetyzowało	fonetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałom	fonetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowałoś	fonetyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowałyby	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałybyście	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowałybyśmy	fonetyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowały	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fonetyzowały	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fonetyzowałyście	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fonetyzowałyśmy	fonetyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fonetyzowana	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaną	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowane	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowane	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanego	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanego	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanej	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanemu	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaniach	fonetyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowania	fonetyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowania	fonetyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaniami	fonetyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanie	fonetyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaniem	fonetyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowani	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaniom	fonetyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowaniu	fonetyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowano	fonetyzować	imps:imperf		
fonetyzowanych	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanych	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowany	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowany	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanym	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanym	fonetyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowanymi	fonetyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzowań	fonetyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzująca	fonetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującą	fonetyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujące	fonetyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujące	fonetyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującego	fonetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującego	fonetyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującej	fonetyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującemu	fonetyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzując	fonetyzować	pcon:imperf		
fonetyzująco	fonetyzować	pacta		
fonetyzujących	fonetyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujących	fonetyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujący	fonetyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujący	fonetyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzujący	fonetyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującym	fonetyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującym	fonetyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fonetyzującymi	fonetyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fonetyzują	fonetyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fonetyzujcie	fonetyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fonetyzujecie	fonetyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fonetyzuje	fonetyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fonetyzujemy	fonetyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fonetyzujesz	fonetyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fonetyzuję	fonetyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fonetyzuj	fonetyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fonetyzujmy	fonetyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
foniach	fonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonia	fonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniami	fonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonią	fonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonie	fonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonie	fonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonie	fonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonię	fonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonii	fonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonii	fonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonii	fonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonii	fonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonij	fonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonio	fonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniom	fonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrach	foniatra	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatra	foniatra	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrami	foniatra	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrą	foniatra	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrę	foniatra	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatro	foniatra	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrom	foniatra	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrów	foniatra	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrów	foniatra	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatry	foniatra	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foniatry	foniatra	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foniatry	foniatra	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrze	foniatra	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrze	foniatra	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrzy	foniatra	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrzy	foniatra	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
foniatriach	foniatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatria	foniatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatriami	foniatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrią	foniatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrie	foniatria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrie	foniatria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrie	foniatria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrię	foniatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrii	foniatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
foniatrii	foniatria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrii	foniatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrii	foniatria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrio	foniatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatriom	foniatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryj	foniatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
foniatrycznościach	foniatryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrycznościami	foniatryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrycznością	foniatryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczności	foniatryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatrycznościom	foniatryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczność	foniatryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczność	foniatryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniatryczna	foniatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foniatryczną	foniatryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foniatryczną	foniatryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foniatryczne	foniatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foniatryczne	foniatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foniatryczne	foniatryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foniatryczne	foniatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foniatrycznego	foniatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foniatrycznego	foniatryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foniatrycznej	foniatryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foniatrycznej	foniatryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foniatrycznej	foniatryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foniatrycznemu	foniatryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foniatryczni	foniatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foniatryczno	foniatryczny	adja		
foniatrycznych	foniatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foniatrycznych	foniatryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foniatrycznych	foniatryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foniatryczny	foniatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foniatryczny	foniatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foniatrycznym	foniatryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foniatrycznym	foniatryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foniatrycznym	foniatryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foniatrycznymi	foniatryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonicznie	fonicznie	adv:pos		
fonicznościach	foniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonicznościami	foniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonicznością	foniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczności	foniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonicznościom	foniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczność	foniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczność	foniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foniczna	foniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foniczną	foniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foniczną	foniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foniczne	foniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foniczne	foniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foniczne	foniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foniczne	foniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonicznego	foniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonicznego	foniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonicznej	foniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonicznej	foniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonicznej	foniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonicznemu	foniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foniczni	foniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foniczno	foniczny	adja		
fonicznych	foniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonicznych	foniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonicznych	foniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foniczny	foniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foniczny	foniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonicznym	foniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonicznym	foniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonicznym	foniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonicznymi	foniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonizacjach	fonizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacja	fonizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacjami	fonizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacją	fonizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacje	fonizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacje	fonizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacje	fonizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizację	fonizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacji	fonizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonizacji	fonizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacji	fonizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacji	fonizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacjo	fonizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacjom	fonizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonizacyj	fonizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonoamatorach	fonoamator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatora	fonoamator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatora	fonoamator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorami	fonoamator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorem	fonoamator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamator	fonoamator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorom	fonoamator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorowi	fonoamator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorów	fonoamator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorów	fonoamator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatory	fonoamator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatory	fonoamator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorze	fonoamator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorze	fonoamator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorzy	fonoamator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonoamatorzy	fonoamator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemiach	fonochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemia	fonochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemiami	fonochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemią	fonochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemie	fonochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemie	fonochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemie	fonochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemię	fonochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemii	fonochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonochemii	fonochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemii	fonochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemii	fonochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemij	fonochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonochemio	fonochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonochemiom	fonochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogenicznościach	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogenicznościami	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogenicznością	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczności	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogenicznościom	fonogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczność	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczność	fonogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonogeniczna	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonogeniczną	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonogeniczną	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonogeniczne	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonogeniczne	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonogeniczne	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonogeniczne	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonogenicznego	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonogenicznego	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonogenicznej	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonogenicznej	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonogenicznej	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonogenicznemu	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonogeniczni	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonogeniczno	fonogeniczny	adja		
fonogenicznych	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonogenicznych	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonogenicznych	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonogeniczny	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonogeniczny	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonogenicznym	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonogenicznym	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonogenicznym	fonogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonogenicznymi	fonogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonografach	fonograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografami	fonograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografem	fonograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonograf	fonograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonograf	fonograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografie	fonograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografie	fonograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografom	fonograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografowi	fonograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografów	fonograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografu	fonograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografy	fonograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografy	fonograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografy	fonograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonografiach	fonografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografia	fonografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografiami	fonografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografią	fonografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografie	fonografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografie	fonografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografie	fonografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografię	fonografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografii	fonografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonografii	fonografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografii	fonografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografii	fonografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografij	fonografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonografio	fonografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonografiom	fonografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficznie	fonograficznie	adv:pos		
fonograficznościach	fonograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficznościami	fonograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficznością	fonograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzności	fonograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficznościom	fonograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzność	fonograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzność	fonograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonograficzna	fonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonograficzną	fonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonograficzną	fonograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonograficzne	fonograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonograficzne	fonograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonograficzne	fonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonograficzne	fonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonograficznego	fonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonograficznego	fonograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonograficznej	fonograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonograficznej	fonograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonograficznej	fonograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonograficznemu	fonograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonograficzni	fonograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonograficzno	fonograficzny	adja		
fonograficznych	fonograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonograficznych	fonograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonograficznych	fonograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonograficzny	fonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonograficzny	fonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonograficznym	fonograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonograficznym	fonograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonograficznym	fonograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonograficznymi	fonograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonogramach	fonogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramami	fonogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramem	fonogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogram	fonogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogram	fonogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramie	fonogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramie	fonogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramom	fonogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramowi	fonogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramów	fonogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramu	fonogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramy	fonogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramy	fonogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonogramy	fonogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografach	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografami	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografem	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograf	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograf	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografie	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografie	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografom	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografowi	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografów	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografu	fonokardiograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografy	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografy	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografy	fonokardiograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografiach	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografia	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografiami	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografią	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografie	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografie	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografie	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografię	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografii	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonokardiografii	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografii	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografii	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografij	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonokardiografio	fonokardiografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiografiom	fonokardiografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficznościach	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficznościami	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficznością	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzności	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficznościom	fonokardiograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzność	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzność	fonokardiograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiograficzna	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonokardiograficzną	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonokardiograficzną	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonokardiograficzne	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiograficzne	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiograficzne	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficzne	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficznego	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonokardiograficznego	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficznej	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonokardiograficznej	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonokardiograficznej	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonokardiograficznemu	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficzni	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonokardiograficzno	fonokardiograficzny	adja		
fonokardiograficznych	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonokardiograficznych	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiograficznych	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiograficzny	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonokardiograficzny	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonokardiograficznym	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiograficznym	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficznym	fonokardiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonokardiograficznymi	fonokardiograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonokardiogramach	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramami	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramem	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogram	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogram	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramie	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramie	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramom	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramowi	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramów	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramu	fonokardiogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramy	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramy	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokardiogramy	fonokardiogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografach	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografami	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografem	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniograf	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniograf	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografie	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografie	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografom	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografowi	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografów	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografu	fonokraniograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografy	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografy	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonokraniografy	fonokraniograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolicie	fonolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolicie	fonolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitach	fonolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitami	fonolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitem	fonolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolit	fonolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolit	fonolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitom	fonolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitowi	fonolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitów	fonolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolitu	fonolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolity	fonolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolity	fonolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolity	fonolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonolodzy	fonolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonolodzy	fonolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologach	fonolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologa	fonolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologa	fonolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologami	fonolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonolog	fonolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiem	fonolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologi	fonolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonologi	fonolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fonologom	fonolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologowie	fonolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologowie	fonolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologowi	fonolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologów	fonolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologów	fonolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologu	fonolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologu	fonolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiach	fonologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologia	fonologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologiami	fonologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologią	fonologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologie	fonologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologie	fonologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologie	fonologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologię	fonologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologii	fonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
fonologii	fonologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologii	fonologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologii	fonologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologij	fonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
fonologio	fonologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologiom	fonologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
fonologicznie	fonologicznie	adv:pos		
fonologicznościach	fonologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologicznościami	fonologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologicznością	fonologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczności	fonologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologicznościom	fonologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczność	fonologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczność	fonologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonologiczna	fonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonologiczną	fonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonologiczną	fonologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonologiczne	fonologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonologiczne	fonologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonologiczne	fonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonologiczne	fonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonologicznego	fonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonologicznego	fonologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonologicznej	fonologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonologicznej	fonologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonologicznej	fonologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonologicznemu	fonologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonologiczni	fonologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonologiczno	fonologiczny	adja		
fonologicznych	fonologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonologicznych	fonologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonologicznych	fonologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonologiczny	fonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonologiczny	fonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonologicznym	fonologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonologicznym	fonologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonologicznym	fonologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonologicznymi	fonologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonometrach	fonometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrami	fonometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrem	fonometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometr	fonometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometr	fonometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrom	fonometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrowi	fonometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrów	fonometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometru	fonometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometry	fonometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometry	fonometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometry	fonometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrze	fonometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrze	fonometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonometriach	fonometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometria	fonometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometriami	fonometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrią	fonometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrie	fonometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrie	fonometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrie	fonometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrię	fonometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrii	fonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonometrii	fonometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrii	fonometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrii	fonometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrio	fonometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometriom	fonometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryj	fonometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonometrycznościach	fonometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrycznościami	fonometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrycznością	fonometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczności	fonometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometrycznościom	fonometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczność	fonometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczność	fonometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonometryczna	fonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonometryczną	fonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonometryczną	fonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonometryczne	fonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonometryczne	fonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonometryczne	fonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonometryczne	fonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonometrycznego	fonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonometrycznego	fonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonometrycznej	fonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonometrycznej	fonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonometrycznej	fonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonometrycznemu	fonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonometryczni	fonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonometryczno	fonometryczny	adja		
fonometrycznych	fonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonometrycznych	fonometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonometrycznych	fonometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonometryczny	fonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonometryczny	fonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonometrycznym	fonometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonometrycznym	fonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonometrycznym	fonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonometrycznymi	fonometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fononach	fonon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononami	fonon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononem	fonon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonon	fonon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonon	fonon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononie	fonon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononie	fonon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononom	fonon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononowi	fonon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononów	fonon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fononu	fonon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonony	fonon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonony	fonon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonony	fonon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografach	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografami	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografem	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmograf	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmograf	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografie	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografie	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografom	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografowi	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografów	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografu	fonopulmograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografy	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografy	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonopulmografy	fonopulmograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopach	fonoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopami	fonoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopem	fonoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskop	fonoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskop	fonoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopie	fonoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopie	fonoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopom	fonoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopowi	fonoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopów	fonoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopu	fonoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopy	fonoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopy	fonoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopy	fonoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopiach	fonoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopia	fonoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopiami	fonoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopią	fonoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopie	fonoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopie	fonoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopie	fonoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopię	fonoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopii	fonoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonoskopii	fonoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopii	fonoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopii	fonoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopij	fonoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonoskopio	fonoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopiom	fonoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijnościach	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijnościami	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijnością	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijności	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijnościom	fonoskopijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijność	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijność	fonoskopijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoskopijna	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fonoskopijną	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fonoskopijną	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fonoskopijne	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonoskopijne	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fonoskopijne	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijne	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijnego	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fonoskopijnego	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijnej	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fonoskopijnej	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fonoskopijnej	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fonoskopijnemu	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijni	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fonoskopijno	fonoskopijny	adja		
fonoskopijnych	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fonoskopijnych	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonoskopijnych	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonoskopijny	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fonoskopijny	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fonoskopijnym	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonoskopijnym	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijnym	fonoskopijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fonoskopijnymi	fonoskopijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fonotaksjach	fonotaksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksja	fonotaksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksjami	fonotaksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksją	fonotaksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksje	fonotaksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksje	fonotaksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksje	fonotaksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksję	fonotaksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksji	fonotaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fonotaksji	fonotaksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksji	fonotaksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksji	fonotaksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksjo	fonotaksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksjom	fonotaksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotaksyj	fonotaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fonotece	fonoteka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotece	fonoteka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotekach	fonoteka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteka	fonoteka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotekami	fonoteka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteką	fonoteka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotekę	fonoteka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotek	fonoteka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteki	fonoteka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteki	fonoteka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteki	fonoteka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteki	fonoteka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonoteko	fonoteka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotekom	fonoteka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyce	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyce	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistykach	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyka	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistykami	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyką	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistykę	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyk	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyki	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyki	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyki	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyki	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistyko	fonotelistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fonotelistykom	fonotelistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foncie	font	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foncie	font	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontach	font	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonta	font	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontami	font	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontem	font	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
font	font	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
font	font	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontom	font	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontowi	font	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontów	font	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontu	font	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonty	font	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonty	font	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fonty	font	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontance	fontanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontance	fontanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanek	fontanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontankach	fontanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanka	fontanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontankami	fontanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanką	fontanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontankę	fontanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanki	fontanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanki	fontanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanki	fontanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanki	fontanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanko	fontanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontankom	fontanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannach	fontanna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanna	fontanna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannami	fontanna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanną	fontanna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannę	fontanna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontann	fontanna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannie	fontanna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannie	fontanna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanno	fontanna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannom	fontanna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanny	fontanna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanny	fontanna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanny	fontanna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontanny	fontanna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowościach	fontannowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowościami	fontannowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowością	fontannowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowości	fontannowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowościom	fontannowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowość	fontannowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowość	fontannowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontannowa	fontannowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fontannową	fontannowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fontannową	fontannowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fontannowe	fontannowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fontannowe	fontannowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fontannowe	fontannowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fontannowe	fontannowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fontannowego	fontannowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fontannowego	fontannowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontannowej	fontannowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fontannowej	fontannowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fontannowej	fontannowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fontannowemu	fontannowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontannowi	fontannowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fontannowo	fontannowy	adja		
fontannowych	fontannowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fontannowych	fontannowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontannowych	fontannowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontannowy	fontannowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fontannowy	fontannowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fontannowym	fontannowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontannowym	fontannowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontannowym	fontannowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontannowymi	fontannowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontazistościach	fontazistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistościami	fontazistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistością	fontazistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistości	fontazistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistościom	fontazistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistość	fontazistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazistość	fontazistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fontazista	fontazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fontazistą	fontazisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fontazistą	fontazisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fontaziste	fontazisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fontaziste	fontazisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fontaziste	fontazisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fontaziste	fontazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fontazistego	fontazisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fontazistego	fontazisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontazistej	fontazisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fontazistej	fontazisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fontazistej	fontazisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fontazistemu	fontazisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontazisto	fontazisty	adja		
fontazistych	fontazisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fontazistych	fontazisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontazistych	fontazisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontazisty	fontazisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fontazisty	fontazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fontazistym	fontazisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontazistym	fontazisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontazistym	fontazisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fontazistymi	fontazisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fontaziści	fontazisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fontaziach	fontaź	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontazia	fontaź	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziami	fontaź	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontazie	fontaź	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontazie	fontaź	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontazie	fontaź	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziem	fontaź	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontazi	fontaź	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziom	fontaź	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziowi	fontaź	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziów	fontaź	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziu	fontaź	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaziu	fontaź	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaź	fontaź	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fontaź	fontaź	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballach	football	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballami	football	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballe	football	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballe	football	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballe	football	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballem	football	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
football	football	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
football	football	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballi	football	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballom	football	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballowi	football	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballów	football	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballu	football	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballu	football	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footballu	football	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingach	footing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingami	footing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footing	footing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footing	footing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingiem	footing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingi	footing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingi	footing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingi	footing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingom	footing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingowi	footing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingów	footing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingu	footing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingu	footing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
footingu	footing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forach	for	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fora	for	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forami	for	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forem	for	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
for	for	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
for	for	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forom	for	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forowi	for	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forów	for	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
foru	for	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fory	for	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fory	for	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fory	for	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forze	for	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
forze	for	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fora	fora	interj		
foralnościach	foralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralnościami	foralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralnością	foralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralności	foralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralnościom	foralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralność	foralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralność	foralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
foralna	foralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
foralną	foralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
foralną	foralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
foralne	foralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foralne	foralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foralne	foralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralne	foralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralnego	foralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
foralnego	foralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralnej	foralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
foralnej	foralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
foralnej	foralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
foralnemu	foralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralni	foralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
foralno	foralny	adja		daw.
foralnych	foralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
foralnych	foralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foralnych	foralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foralny	foralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
foralny	foralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
foralnym	foralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
foralnym	foralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralnym	foralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
foralnymi	foralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
forbotach	forboty	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forbotami	forboty	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forbotom	forboty	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forbotów	forboty	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forboty	forboty	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forboty	forboty	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forboty	forboty	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forcikach	forcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcikami	forcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcik	forcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcik	forcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcikiem	forcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciki	forcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciki	forcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciki	forcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcikom	forcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcikowi	forcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcików	forcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciku	forcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciku	forcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciku	forcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingach	forcing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingami	forcing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcing	forcing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcing	forcing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingiem	forcing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingi	forcing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingi	forcing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingi	forcing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingom	forcing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingowi	forcing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingów	forcing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingu	forcing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingu	forcing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forcingu	forcing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forciskach	forcisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciska	forcisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciska	forcisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciska	forcisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciska	forcisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciskami	forcisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisk	forcisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciskiem	forcisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisko	forcisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisko	forcisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisko	forcisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forciskom	forcisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisku	forcisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forcisku	forcisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fordach	ford	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forda	ford	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forda	ford	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordami	ford	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordem	ford	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ford	ford	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordom	ford	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordowi	ford	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordów	ford	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordy	ford	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordy	ford	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordy	ford	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordzie	ford	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordzie	ford	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserach	fordanser	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordansera	fordanser	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordansera	fordanser	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserami	fordanser	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserem	fordanser	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanser	fordanser	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserom	fordanser	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserowi	fordanser	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserów	fordanser	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserów	fordanser	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordansery	fordanser	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordansery	fordanser	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserze	fordanser	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserze	fordanser	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserzy	fordanser	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserzy	fordanser	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserce	fordanserka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserce	fordanserka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserek	fordanserka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserkach	fordanserka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserka	fordanserka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserkami	fordanserka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserką	fordanserka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserkę	fordanserka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserki	fordanserka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserki	fordanserka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserki	fordanserka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserki	fordanserka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserko	fordanserka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordanserkom	fordanserka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fordewindach	fordewind	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindami	fordewind	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindem	fordewind	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewind	fordewind	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewind	fordewind	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindom	fordewind	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindowi	fordewind	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindów	fordewind	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindu	fordewind	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindy	fordewind	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindy	fordewind	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindy	fordewind	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindzie	fordewind	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordewindzie	fordewind	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
fordyzmach	fordyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmami	fordyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmem	fordyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzm	fordyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzm	fordyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmie	fordyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmie	fordyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmom	fordyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmowi	fordyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmów	fordyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmu	fordyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmy	fordyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmy	fordyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fordyzmy	fordyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandach	forehand	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandami	forehand	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandem	forehand	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehand	forehand	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehand	forehand	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandom	forehand	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandowi	forehand	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandów	forehand	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandu	forehand	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandy	forehand	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandy	forehand	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandy	forehand	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandzie	forehand	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forehandzie	forehand	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremce	foremka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremce	foremka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremek	foremka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremkach	foremka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremka	foremka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremkami	foremka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremką	foremka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremkę	foremka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremki	foremka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremki	foremka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremki	foremka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremki	foremka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremko	foremka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremkom	foremka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnie	foremnie	adv:pos		
foremniej	foremnie	adv:com		
foremnikach	foremnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnika	foremnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikami	foremnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnik	foremnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnik	foremnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikiem	foremnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremniki	foremnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremniki	foremnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremniki	foremnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikom	foremnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowi	foremnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremników	foremnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremniku	foremnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremniku	foremnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowościach	foremnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowościami	foremnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowością	foremnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowości	foremnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowościom	foremnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowość	foremnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowość	foremnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnikowa	foremnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foremnikową	foremnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foremnikową	foremnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foremnikowe	foremnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foremnikowe	foremnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foremnikowe	foremnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowe	foremnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowego	foremnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foremnikowego	foremnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowej	foremnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foremnikowej	foremnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foremnikowej	foremnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foremnikowemu	foremnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowi	foremnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foremnikowo	foremnikowy	adja		
foremnikowych	foremnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foremnikowych	foremnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnikowych	foremnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnikowy	foremnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foremnikowy	foremnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foremnikowym	foremnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnikowym	foremnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowym	foremnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnikowymi	foremnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnościach	foremność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnościami	foremność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnością	foremność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremności	foremność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremnościom	foremność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremność	foremność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremność	foremność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
foremna	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
foremną	foremny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
foremną	foremny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
foremne	foremny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foremne	foremny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
foremne	foremny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
foremne	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
foremnego	foremny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
foremnego	foremny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnej	foremny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
foremnej	foremny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
foremnej	foremny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
foremnemu	foremny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremniejsi	foremny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
foremniejsza	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
foremniejszą	foremny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
foremniejszą	foremny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
foremniejsze	foremny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
foremniejsze	foremny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
foremniejsze	foremny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
foremniejsze	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
foremniejszego	foremny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
foremniejszego	foremny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
foremniejszej	foremny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
foremniejszej	foremny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
foremniejszej	foremny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
foremniejszemu	foremny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
foremniejszych	foremny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
foremniejszych	foremny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
foremniejszych	foremny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
foremniejszy	foremny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
foremniejszy	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
foremniejszym	foremny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
foremniejszym	foremny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
foremniejszym	foremny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
foremniejszymi	foremny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
foremni	foremny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
foremno	foremny	adja		
foremnych	foremny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
foremnych	foremny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnych	foremny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremny	foremny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
foremny	foremny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
foremnym	foremny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foremnym	foremny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnym	foremny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
foremnymi	foremny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forfanteriach	forfanteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanteria	forfanteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanteriami	forfanteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterią	forfanteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterie	forfanteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterie	forfanteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterie	forfanteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterię	forfanteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterii	forfanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
forfanterii	forfanteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterii	forfanteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterii	forfanteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanterio	forfanteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanteriom	forfanteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forfanteryj	forfanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
forhendach	forhend	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendami	forhend	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendem	forhend	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhend	forhend	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhend	forhend	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendom	forhend	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendowi	forhend	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendów	forhend	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendu	forhend	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendy	forhend	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendy	forhend	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendy	forhend	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendzie	forhend	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forhendzie	forhend	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	sport.
forincie	forint	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forincie	forint	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintach	forint	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forinta	forint	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forinta	forint	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintami	forint	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintem	forint	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forint	forint	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintom	forint	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintowi	forint	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintów	forint	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forinty	forint	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forinty	forint	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forinty	forint	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	monet.
forintowościach	forintowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowościami	forintowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowością	forintowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowości	forintowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowościom	forintowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowość	forintowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowość	forintowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forintowa	forintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
forintową	forintowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
forintową	forintowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
forintowe	forintowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forintowe	forintowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forintowe	forintowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
forintowe	forintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
forintowego	forintowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
forintowego	forintowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forintowej	forintowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
forintowej	forintowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
forintowej	forintowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
forintowemu	forintowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forintowi	forintowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
forintowo	forintowy	adja		
forintowych	forintowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
forintowych	forintowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forintowych	forintowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forintowy	forintowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
forintowy	forintowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
forintowym	forintowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forintowym	forintowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forintowym	forintowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forintowymi	forintowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forkasztelach	forkasztel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelami	forkasztel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztele	forkasztel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztele	forkasztel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztele	forkasztel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelem	forkasztel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztel	forkasztel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztel	forkasztel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkaszteli	forkasztel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelom	forkasztel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelowi	forkasztel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelów	forkasztel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelu	forkasztel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelu	forkasztel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkasztelu	forkasztel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forkiecie	forkiet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiecie	forkiet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietach	forkiet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietami	forkiet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietem	forkiet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiet	forkiet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiet	forkiet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietom	forkiet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietowi	forkiet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietów	forkiet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkietu	forkiet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiety	forkiet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiety	forkiet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forkiety	forkiet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forlukach	forluk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forlukami	forluk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluk	forluk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluk	forluk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forlukiem	forluk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluki	forluk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluki	forluk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluki	forluk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forlukom	forluk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forlukowi	forluk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluków	forluk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluku	forluk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluku	forluk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forluku	forluk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
formach	forma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forma	forma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formami	forma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formą	forma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formę	forma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
form	forma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formie	forma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formie	forma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formo	forma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formom	forma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formy	forma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formy	forma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formy	forma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formy	forma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacjach	formacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacja	formacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacjami	formacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacją	formacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacje	formacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacje	formacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacje	formacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formację	formacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacji	formacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
formacji	formacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacji	formacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacji	formacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacjo	formacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacjom	formacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyj	formacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
formacyjnie	formacyjnie	adv:pos		
formacyjnościach	formacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjnościami	formacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjnością	formacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjności	formacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjnościom	formacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjność	formacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjność	formacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacyjna	formacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formacyjną	formacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formacyjną	formacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formacyjne	formacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formacyjne	formacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formacyjne	formacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formacyjne	formacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formacyjnego	formacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formacyjnego	formacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formacyjnej	formacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formacyjnej	formacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formacyjnej	formacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formacyjnemu	formacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formacyjni	formacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formacyjno	formacyjny	adja		
formacyjnych	formacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formacyjnych	formacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formacyjnych	formacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formacyjny	formacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formacyjny	formacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formacyjnym	formacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formacyjnym	formacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formacyjnym	formacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formacyjnymi	formacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formakach	formak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaka	formak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formakami	formak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formak	formak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formak	formak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formakiem	formak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaki	formak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaki	formak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaki	formak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formakom	formak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formakowi	formak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaków	formak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaku	formak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaku	formak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydach	formaldehyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydami	formaldehyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydem	formaldehyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehyd	formaldehyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehyd	formaldehyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydom	formaldehyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowi	formaldehyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydów	formaldehyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydu	formaldehyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydy	formaldehyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydy	formaldehyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydy	formaldehyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydzie	formaldehyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydzie	formaldehyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowościach	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowościami	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowością	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowości	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowościom	formaldehydowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowość	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowość	formaldehydowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaldehydowa	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formaldehydową	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formaldehydową	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formaldehydowe	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formaldehydowe	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formaldehydowe	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowe	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowego	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formaldehydowego	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowej	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formaldehydowej	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formaldehydowej	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formaldehydowemu	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowi	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formaldehydowo	formaldehydowy	adja		
formaldehydowych	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formaldehydowych	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formaldehydowych	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formaldehydowy	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formaldehydowy	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formaldehydowym	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formaldehydowym	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowym	formaldehydowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formaldehydowymi	formaldehydowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalinach	formalina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalina	formalina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalinami	formalina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaliną	formalina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalinę	formalina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalin	formalina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalinie	formalina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalinie	formalina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalino	formalina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalinom	formalina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaliny	formalina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaliny	formalina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaliny	formalina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formaliny	formalina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistach	formalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalista	formalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistami	formalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistą	formalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistę	formalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalisto	formalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistom	formalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistów	formalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistów	formalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalisty	formalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formalisty	formalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formalisty	formalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formaliście	formalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formaliście	formalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formaliści	formalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formaliści	formalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formalistycznie	formalistycznie	adv:pos		
formalistycznościach	formalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistycznościami	formalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistycznością	formalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczności	formalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistycznościom	formalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczność	formalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczność	formalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyczna	formalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formalistyczną	formalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formalistyczną	formalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formalistyczne	formalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalistyczne	formalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalistyczne	formalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formalistyczne	formalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formalistycznego	formalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formalistycznego	formalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalistycznej	formalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formalistycznej	formalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formalistycznej	formalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formalistycznemu	formalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalistyczni	formalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formalistyczno	formalistyczny	adja		
formalistycznych	formalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formalistycznych	formalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalistycznych	formalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalistyczny	formalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formalistyczny	formalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formalistycznym	formalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalistycznym	formalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalistycznym	formalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalistycznymi	formalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalistyce	formalistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyce	formalistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistykach	formalistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyka	formalistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistykami	formalistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyką	formalistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistykę	formalistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyk	formalistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyki	formalistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyki	formalistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyki	formalistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyki	formalistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistyko	formalistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalistykom	formalistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacjach	formalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacja	formalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacjami	formalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacją	formalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacje	formalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacje	formalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacje	formalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizację	formalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacji	formalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
formalizacji	formalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacji	formalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacji	formalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacjo	formalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacjom	formalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalizacyj	formalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
formalizmach	formalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmami	formalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmem	formalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizm	formalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizm	formalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmie	formalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmie	formalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmom	formalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmowi	formalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmów	formalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmu	formalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmy	formalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmy	formalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizmy	formalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formalizować	formalizować	inf:imperf		
formalizowaliby	formalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formalizowalibyście	formalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formalizowalibyśmy	formalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formalizowali	formalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
formalizowali	formalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formalizowaliście	formalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formalizowaliśmy	formalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formalizowałaby	formalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formalizowałabym	formalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formalizowałabyś	formalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formalizowała	formalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
formalizowała	formalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formalizowałam	formalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formalizowałaś	formalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formalizowałby	formalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formalizowałbym	formalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formalizowałbyś	formalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formalizowałem	formalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formalizowałeś	formalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formalizował	formalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
formalizował	formalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formalizowałoby	formalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formalizowałobym	formalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formalizowałobyś	formalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formalizowało	formalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
formalizowało	formalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formalizowałom	formalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formalizowałoś	formalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formalizowałyby	formalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formalizowałybyście	formalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formalizowałybyśmy	formalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formalizowały	formalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
formalizowały	formalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formalizowałyście	formalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formalizowałyśmy	formalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formalizowana	formalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formalizowaną	formalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formalizowane	formalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizowane	formalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowanego	formalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formalizowanego	formalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowanej	formalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formalizowanemu	formalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowaniach	formalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowania	formalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowania	formalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowaniami	formalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowanie	formalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowaniem	formalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowani	formalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formalizowaniom	formalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowaniu	formalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowano	formalizować	imps:imperf		
formalizowanych	formalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formalizowanych	formalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizowany	formalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formalizowany	formalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formalizowanym	formalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizowanym	formalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizowanymi	formalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizowań	formalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formalizująca	formalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formalizującą	formalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formalizujące	formalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizujące	formalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizującego	formalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formalizującego	formalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizującej	formalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formalizującemu	formalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizując	formalizować	pcon:imperf		
formalizująco	formalizować	pacta		
formalizujących	formalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formalizujących	formalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizujący	formalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formalizujący	formalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formalizujący	formalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formalizującym	formalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizującym	formalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formalizującymi	formalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formalizują	formalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
formalizujcie	formalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
formalizujecie	formalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
formalizuje	formalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
formalizujemy	formalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
formalizujesz	formalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
formalizuję	formalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
formalizuj	formalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
formalizujmy	formalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
formalnie	formalnie	adv:pos		
formalniej	formalnie	adv:com		
formalnoprawnie	formalnoprawnie	adv:pos		
formalnoprawnościach	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawnościami	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawnością	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawności	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawnościom	formalnoprawność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawność	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawność	formalnoprawność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnoprawna	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formalnoprawną	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formalnoprawną	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formalnoprawne	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalnoprawne	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalnoprawne	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawne	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawnego	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formalnoprawnego	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawnej	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formalnoprawnej	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formalnoprawnej	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formalnoprawnemu	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawni	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formalnoprawno	formalnoprawny	adja		
formalnoprawnych	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formalnoprawnych	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnoprawnych	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnoprawny	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formalnoprawny	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formalnoprawnym	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnoprawnym	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawnym	formalnoprawny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnoprawnymi	formalnoprawny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowościach	formalnościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowościami	formalnościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowością	formalnościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowości	formalnościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowościom	formalnościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowość	formalnościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowość	formalnościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościowa	formalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formalnościową	formalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formalnościową	formalnościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formalnościowe	formalnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowe	formalnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowe	formalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowe	formalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowego	formalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formalnościowego	formalnościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowej	formalnościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formalnościowej	formalnościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formalnościowej	formalnościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formalnościowemu	formalnościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowi	formalnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formalnościowo	formalnościowy	adja		
formalnościowych	formalnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formalnościowych	formalnościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowych	formalnościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowy	formalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formalnościowy	formalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formalnościowym	formalnościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościowym	formalnościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowym	formalnościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnościowymi	formalnościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnościach	formalność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościami	formalność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnością	formalność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościom	formalność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalność	formalność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalność	formalność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościach	formalność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościami	formalność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnością	formalność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalności	formalność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalnościom	formalność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalność	formalność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalność	formalność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formalna	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formalną	formalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formalną	formalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formalne	formalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalne	formalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formalne	formalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formalne	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formalnego	formalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formalnego	formalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnej	formalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formalnej	formalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formalnej	formalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formalnemu	formalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalniejsi	formalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
formalniejsza	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
formalniejszą	formalny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
formalniejszą	formalny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
formalniejsze	formalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
formalniejsze	formalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
formalniejsze	formalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
formalniejsze	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
formalniejszego	formalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
formalniejszego	formalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
formalniejszej	formalny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
formalniejszej	formalny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
formalniejszej	formalny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
formalniejszemu	formalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
formalniejszych	formalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
formalniejszych	formalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
formalniejszych	formalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
formalniejszy	formalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
formalniejszy	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
formalniejszym	formalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
formalniejszym	formalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
formalniejszym	formalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
formalniejszymi	formalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
formalni	formalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formalno	formalny	adja		
formalnych	formalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formalnych	formalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnych	formalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalny	formalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formalny	formalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formalnym	formalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formalnym	formalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnym	formalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formalnymi	formalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formancie	formant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formancie	formant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantach	formant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantami	formant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantem	formant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formant	formant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formant	formant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantom	formant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantowi	formant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantów	formant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formantu	formant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formancie	formanta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formancie	formanta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formantach	formanta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanta	formanta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formantami	formanta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formantą	formanta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formantę	formanta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formant	formanta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanto	formanta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formantom	formanta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formanta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formanta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formanta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formanty	formanta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formacie	format	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formacie	format	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatach	format	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatami	format	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatem	format	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
format	format	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
format	format	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatom	format	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowi	format	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatów	format	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatu	format	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaty	format	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaty	format	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formaty	format	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatce	formatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatce	formatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatek	formatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatkach	formatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatka	formatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatkami	formatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatką	formatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatkę	formatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatki	formatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatki	formatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatki	formatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatki	formatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatko	formatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatkom	formatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatnikach	formatnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnika	formatnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnikami	formatnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnik	formatnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnik	formatnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnikiem	formatnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatniki	formatnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatniki	formatnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatniki	formatnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnikom	formatnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatnikowi	formatnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatników	formatnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatniku	formatnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatniku	formatnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatować	formatować	inf:imperf		
formatowaliby	formatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formatowalibyście	formatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formatowalibyśmy	formatować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formatowali	formatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
formatowali	formatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formatowaliście	formatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formatowaliśmy	formatować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formatowałaby	formatować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formatowałabym	formatować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formatowałabyś	formatować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formatowała	formatować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
formatowała	formatować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formatowałam	formatować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formatowałaś	formatować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formatowałby	formatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formatowałbym	formatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formatowałbyś	formatować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formatowałem	formatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formatowałeś	formatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formatował	formatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
formatował	formatować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formatowałoby	formatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formatowałobym	formatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formatowałobyś	formatować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formatowało	formatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
formatowało	formatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formatowałom	formatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formatowałoś	formatować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formatowałyby	formatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formatowałybyście	formatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formatowałybyśmy	formatować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formatowały	formatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
formatowały	formatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formatowałyście	formatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formatowałyśmy	formatować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formatowana	formatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formatowaną	formatować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formatowane	formatować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatowane	formatować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatowanego	formatować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formatowanego	formatować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatowanej	formatować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formatowanemu	formatować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatowaniach	formatować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowania	formatować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowania	formatować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowaniami	formatować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowanie	formatować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowaniem	formatować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowani	formatować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formatowaniom	formatować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowaniu	formatować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formatowano	formatować	imps:imperf		
formatowanych	formatować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formatowanych	formatować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatowany	formatować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formatowany	formatować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formatowanym	formatować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatowanym	formatować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatowanymi	formatować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatowań	formatować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formatująca	formatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formatującą	formatować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formatujące	formatować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatujące	formatować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatującego	formatować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formatującego	formatować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatującej	formatować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formatującemu	formatować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatując	formatować	pcon:imperf		
formatująco	formatować	pacta		
formatujących	formatować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formatujących	formatować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatujący	formatować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formatujący	formatować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formatujący	formatować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formatującym	formatować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatującym	formatować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formatującymi	formatować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formatują	formatować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
formatujcie	formatować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
formatujecie	formatować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
formatuje	formatować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
formatujemy	formatować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
formatujesz	formatować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
formatuję	formatować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
formatuj	formatować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
formatujmy	formatować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
formatownikach	formatownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownika	formatownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownikami	formatownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownik	formatownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownik	formatownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownikiem	formatownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowniki	formatownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowniki	formatownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowniki	formatownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownikom	formatownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatownikowi	formatownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowników	formatownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowniku	formatownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowniku	formatownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formatowościach	formatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowościami	formatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowością	formatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowości	formatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowościom	formatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowość	formatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowość	formatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatowa	formatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formatową	formatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formatową	formatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formatowe	formatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formatowe	formatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formatowe	formatowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formatowe	formatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formatowego	formatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formatowego	formatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatowej	formatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formatowej	formatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formatowej	formatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formatowemu	formatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatowi	formatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formatowo	formatowy	adja		
formatowych	formatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formatowych	formatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatowych	formatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatowy	formatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formatowy	formatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formatowym	formatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatowym	formatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatowym	formatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatowymi	formatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatyce	formatyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyce	formatyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatykach	formatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyka	formatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatykami	formatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyką	formatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatykę	formatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyk	formatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyki	formatyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyki	formatyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyki	formatyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyki	formatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatyko	formatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatykom	formatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formatywnościach	formatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywnościami	formatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywnością	formatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywności	formatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywnościom	formatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywność	formatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywność	formatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formatywna	formatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formatywną	formatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formatywną	formatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formatywne	formatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formatywne	formatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formatywne	formatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formatywne	formatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formatywnego	formatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formatywnego	formatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatywnej	formatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formatywnej	formatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formatywnej	formatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formatywnemu	formatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatywni	formatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formatywno	formatywny	adja		
formatywnych	formatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formatywnych	formatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatywnych	formatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatywny	formatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formatywny	formatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formatywnym	formatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formatywnym	formatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatywnym	formatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formatywnymi	formatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierczościach	formierczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczościami	formierczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczością	formierczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczości	formierczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczościom	formierczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczość	formierczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierczość	formierczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiercza	formierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formierczą	formierczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formierczą	formierczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formiercze	formierczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formiercze	formierczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formiercze	formierczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formiercze	formierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formierczego	formierczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formierczego	formierczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierczej	formierczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formierczej	formierczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formierczej	formierczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formierczemu	formierczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierczo	formierczy	adja		
formierczych	formierczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formierczych	formierczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierczych	formierczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierczy	formierczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formierczy	formierczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formierczy	formierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formierczym	formierczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierczym	formierczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierczym	formierczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierczymi	formierczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierce	formierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierce	formierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierek	formierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierkach	formierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierka	formierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierkami	formierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierką	formierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierkę	formierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierki	formierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierki	formierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierki	formierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierki	formierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierko	formierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierkom	formierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierniach	formiernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernia	formiernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierniami	formiernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernią	formiernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernie	formiernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernie	formiernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernie	formiernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernię	formiernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierni	formiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
formierni	formiernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierni	formiernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierni	formiernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formiernio	formiernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierniom	formiernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierń	formiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
formierscy	formierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formierska	formierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formierską	formierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formierską	formierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formierskich	formierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formierskich	formierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierskich	formierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierskie	formierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formierskie	formierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formierskie	formierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formierskie	formierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formierskiego	formierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formierskiego	formierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierskiej	formierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formierskiej	formierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formierskiej	formierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formierskiemu	formierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierski	formierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formierski	formierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formierskim	formierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formierskim	formierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierskim	formierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formierskimi	formierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formiersko	formierski	adja		
formiersku	formierski	adjp		
formiersko	formiersko	adv:pos		
formierskościach	formierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskościami	formierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskością	formierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskości	formierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskościom	formierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskość	formierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierskość	formierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwach	formierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwa	formierstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwa	formierstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwa	formierstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwa	formierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwami	formierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwem	formierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstw	formierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwie	formierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwo	formierstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwo	formierstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwo	formierstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwom	formierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierstwu	formierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formierzach	formierz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzach	formierz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierza	formierz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierza	formierz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierza	formierz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierza	formierz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzami	formierz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzami	formierz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierze	formierz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formierze	formierz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierze	formierz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formierze	formierz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierze	formierz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierze	formierz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierze	formierz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierze	formierz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzem	formierz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzem	formierz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierz	formierz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierz	formierz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzom	formierz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzom	formierz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzowi	formierz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzowi	formierz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzów	formierz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzów	formierz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzu	formierz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzu	formierz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzu	formierz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzu	formierz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formierzy	formierz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formierzy	formierz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formikariach	formikarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikaria	formikarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikaria	formikarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikaria	formikarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikariami	formikarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikariom	formikarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikariów	formikarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formikarium	formikarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
formindze	forminga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formindze	forminga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingach	forminga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forminga	forminga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingami	forminga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingą	forminga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingę	forminga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forming	forminga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingi	forminga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingi	forminga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingi	forminga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingi	forminga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingo	forminga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formingom	forminga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistach	formista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formista	formista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistami	formista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistą	formista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistę	formista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formisto	formista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistom	formista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistów	formista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistów	formista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formisty	formista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formisty	formista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
formisty	formista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formiście	formista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formiście	formista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formiści	formista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formiści	formista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
formistycznościach	formistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistycznościami	formistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistycznością	formistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczności	formistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistycznościom	formistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczność	formistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczność	formistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formistyczna	formistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formistyczną	formistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formistyczną	formistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formistyczne	formistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formistyczne	formistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formistyczne	formistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formistyczne	formistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formistycznego	formistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formistycznego	formistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formistycznej	formistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formistycznej	formistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formistycznej	formistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formistycznemu	formistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formistyczni	formistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formistyczno	formistyczny	adja		
formistycznych	formistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formistycznych	formistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formistycznych	formistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formistyczny	formistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formistyczny	formistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formistycznym	formistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formistycznym	formistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formistycznym	formistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formistycznymi	formistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formizmach	formizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmami	formizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmem	formizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizm	formizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizm	formizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmie	formizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmie	formizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmom	formizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmowi	formizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmów	formizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmu	formizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmy	formizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmy	formizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formizmy	formizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczościach	formotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczościami	formotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczością	formotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczości	formotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczościom	formotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczość	formotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórczość	formotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formotwórcza	formotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formotwórczą	formotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formotwórczą	formotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formotwórcze	formotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formotwórcze	formotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formotwórcze	formotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formotwórcze	formotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formotwórczego	formotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formotwórczego	formotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formotwórczej	formotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formotwórczej	formotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formotwórczej	formotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formotwórczemu	formotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formotwórczo	formotwórczy	adja		
formotwórczych	formotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formotwórczych	formotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formotwórczych	formotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formotwórczy	formotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formotwórczy	formotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formotwórczy	formotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formotwórczym	formotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formotwórczym	formotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formotwórczym	formotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formotwórczymi	formotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formować	formować	inf:imperf		
formowaliby	formować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formowalibyście	formować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formowalibyśmy	formować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formowali	formować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
formowali	formować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formowaliście	formować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formowaliśmy	formować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formowałaby	formować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formowałabym	formować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formowałabyś	formować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formowała	formować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
formowała	formować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formowałam	formować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formowałaś	formować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formowałby	formować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formowałbym	formować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formowałbyś	formować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formowałem	formować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formowałeś	formować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formował	formować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
formował	formować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formowałoby	formować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formowałobym	formować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formowałobyś	formować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formowało	formować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
formowało	formować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formowałom	formować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formowałoś	formować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formowałyby	formować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formowałybyście	formować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formowałybyśmy	formować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formowały	formować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
formowały	formować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formowałyście	formować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formowałyśmy	formować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formowana	formować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formowaną	formować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formowane	formować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formowane	formować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formowanego	formować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formowanego	formować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formowanej	formować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formowanemu	formować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formowaniach	formować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formowania	formować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formowania	formować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formowaniami	formować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formowanie	formować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formowaniem	formować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formowani	formować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formowaniom	formować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
formowaniu	formować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formowano	formować	imps:imperf		
formowanych	formować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formowanych	formować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formowany	formować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formowany	formować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formowanym	formować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formowanym	formować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formowanymi	formować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formowań	formować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formująca	formować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formującą	formować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formujące	formować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formujące	formować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formującego	formować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formującego	formować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formującej	formować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formującemu	formować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formując	formować	pcon:imperf		
formująco	formować	pacta		
formujących	formować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formujących	formować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formujący	formować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formujący	formować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formujący	formować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formującym	formować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formującym	formować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formującymi	formować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formują	formować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
formujcie	formować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
formujecie	formować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
formuje	formować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
formujemy	formować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
formujesz	formować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
formuję	formować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
formuj	formować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
formujmy	formować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
formowniach	formownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownia	formownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniami	formownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownią	formownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownie	formownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownie	formownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownie	formownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownię	formownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowni	formownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowni	formownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowni	formownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowni	formownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownio	formownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniom	formownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczościach	formowniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczościami	formowniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczością	formowniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczości	formowniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczościom	formowniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczość	formowniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowniczość	formowniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formownicza	formowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formowniczą	formowniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formowniczą	formowniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formownicze	formowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formownicze	formowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formownicze	formowniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formownicze	formowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formowniczego	formowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formowniczego	formowniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowniczej	formowniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formowniczej	formowniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formowniczej	formowniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formowniczemu	formowniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowniczo	formowniczy	adja		
formowniczych	formowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formowniczych	formowniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowniczych	formowniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowniczy	formowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formowniczy	formowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formowniczy	formowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formowniczym	formowniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowniczym	formowniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowniczym	formowniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowniczymi	formowniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowościach	formowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowościami	formowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowością	formowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowości	formowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowościom	formowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowość	formowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowość	formowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formowa	formowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formową	formowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formową	formowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formowe	formowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formowe	formowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formowe	formowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formowe	formowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formowego	formowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formowego	formowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowej	formowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formowej	formowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formowej	formowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formowemu	formowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowi	formowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formowo	formowy	adja		
formowych	formowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formowych	formowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowych	formowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowy	formowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formowy	formowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formowym	formowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formowym	formowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowym	formowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formowymi	formowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formulacjach	formulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacja	formulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacjami	formulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacją	formulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacje	formulacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacje	formulacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacje	formulacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulację	formulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacji	formulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
formulacji	formulacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacji	formulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacji	formulacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacjo	formulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacjom	formulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formulacyj	formulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
formularnościach	formularność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularnościami	formularność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularnością	formularność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularności	formularność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularnościom	formularność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularność	formularność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularność	formularność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
formularna	formularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
formularną	formularny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
formularną	formularny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
formularne	formularny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularne	formularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularne	formularny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularne	formularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularnego	formularny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
formularnego	formularny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularnej	formularny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
formularnej	formularny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
formularnej	formularny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
formularnemu	formularny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularni	formularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
formularno	formularny	adja		daw.
formularnych	formularny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
formularnych	formularny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularnych	formularny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularny	formularny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
formularny	formularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
formularnym	formularny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularnym	formularny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularnym	formularny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
formularnymi	formularny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
formularzach	formularz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzach	formularz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularza	formularz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularza	formularz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzami	formularz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzami	formularz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularze	formularz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzem	formularz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzem	formularz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularz	formularz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularz	formularz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularz	formularz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularz	formularz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzom	formularz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzom	formularz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzowi	formularz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowi	formularz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzów	formularz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzu	formularz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzu	formularz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzu	formularz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzu	formularz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
formularzy	formularz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowościach	formularzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowościami	formularzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowością	formularzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowości	formularzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowościom	formularzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowość	formularzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowość	formularzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formularzowa	formularzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formularzową	formularzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formularzową	formularzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formularzowe	formularzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formularzowe	formularzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formularzowe	formularzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formularzowe	formularzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formularzowego	formularzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formularzowego	formularzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formularzowej	formularzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formularzowej	formularzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formularzowej	formularzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formularzowemu	formularzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formularzowi	formularzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formularzowo	formularzowy	adja		
formularzowych	formularzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formularzowych	formularzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formularzowych	formularzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formularzowy	formularzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formularzowy	formularzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formularzowym	formularzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formularzowym	formularzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formularzowym	formularzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formularzowymi	formularzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formule	formuła	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formule	formuła	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułach	formuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuła	formuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułami	formuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułą	formuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułę	formuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuł	formuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuło	formuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułom	formuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuły	formuła	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuły	formuła	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuły	formuła	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formuły	formuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułce	formułka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułce	formułka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułek	formułka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkach	formułka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułka	formułka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkami	formułka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułką	formułka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkę	formułka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułki	formułka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułki	formułka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułki	formułka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułki	formułka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułko	formułka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkom	formułka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowościach	formułkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowościami	formułkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowością	formułkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowości	formułkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowościom	formułkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowość	formułkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowość	formułkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
formułkowa	formułkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
formułkową	formułkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
formułkową	formułkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
formułkowe	formułkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formułkowe	formułkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
formułkowe	formułkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
formułkowe	formułkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
formułkowego	formułkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
formułkowego	formułkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formułkowej	formułkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
formułkowej	formułkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
formułkowej	formułkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
formułkowemu	formułkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formułkowi	formułkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
formułkowo	formułkowy	adja		
formułkowych	formułkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
formułkowych	formułkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formułkowych	formułkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formułkowy	formułkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
formułkowy	formułkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
formułkowym	formułkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formułkowym	formułkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formułkowym	formułkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
formułkowymi	formułkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
formułować	formułować	inf:imperf		
formułowaliby	formułować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formułowalibyście	formułować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formułowalibyśmy	formułować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formułowali	formułować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
formułowali	formułować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
formułowaliście	formułować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
formułowaliśmy	formułować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
formułowałaby	formułować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formułowałabym	formułować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formułowałabyś	formułować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formułowała	formułować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
formułowała	formułować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
formułowałam	formułować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
formułowałaś	formułować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
formułowałby	formułować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formułowałbym	formułować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formułowałbyś	formułować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formułowałem	formułować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
formułowałeś	formułować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
formułował	formułować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
formułował	formułować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
formułowałoby	formułować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formułowałobym	formułować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formułowałobyś	formułować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formułowało	formułować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
formułowało	formułować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
formułowałom	formułować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
formułowałoś	formułować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
formułowałyby	formułować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formułowałybyście	formułować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formułowałybyśmy	formułować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formułowały	formułować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
formułowały	formułować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
formułowałyście	formułować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
formułowałyśmy	formułować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
formułowana	formułować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formułowaną	formułować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formułowane	formułować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułowane	formułować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułowanego	formułować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formułowanego	formułować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułowanej	formułować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formułowanemu	formułować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułowaniach	formułować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowania	formułować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowania	formułować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowaniami	formułować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowanie	formułować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowaniem	formułować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowani	formułować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formułowaniom	formułować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowaniu	formułować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
formułowano	formułować	imps:imperf		
formułowanych	formułować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formułowanych	formułować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułowany	formułować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formułowany	formułować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formułowanym	formułować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułowanym	formułować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułowanymi	formułować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułowań	formułować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
formułująca	formułować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
formułującą	formułować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
formułujące	formułować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułujące	formułować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułującego	formułować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
formułującego	formułować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułującej	formułować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
formułującemu	formułować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułując	formułować	pcon:imperf		
formułująco	formułować	pacta		
formułujących	formułować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formułujących	formułować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułujący	formułować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
formułujący	formułować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
formułujący	formułować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
formułującym	formułować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułującym	formułować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
formułującymi	formułować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
formułują	formułować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
formułujcie	formułować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
formułujecie	formułować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
formułuje	formułować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
formułujemy	formułować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
formułujesz	formułować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
formułuję	formułować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
formułuj	formułować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
formułujmy	formułować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
formułowościach	formułowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowościami	formułowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowością	formułowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowości	formułowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowościom	formułowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowość	formułowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowość	formułowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
formułowa	formułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
formułową	formułowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
formułową	formułowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
formułowe	formułowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
formułowe	formułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
formułowe	formułowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowe	formułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowego	formułowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
formułowego	formułowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowej	formułowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
formułowej	formułowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
formułowej	formułowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
formułowemu	formułowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowi	formułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
formułowo	formułowy	adja		przest.
formułowych	formułowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
formułowych	formułowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
formułowych	formułowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
formułowy	formułowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
formułowy	formułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
formułowym	formułowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
formułowym	formułowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowym	formułowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
formułowymi	formułowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fornalach	fornal	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornala	fornal	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornala	fornal	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalami	fornal	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornale	fornal	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fornale	fornal	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fornale	fornal	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornale	fornal	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalem	fornal	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornal	fornal	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornali	fornal	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornali	fornal	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalom	fornal	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalowi	fornal	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalów	fornal	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalów	fornal	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalu	fornal	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalu	fornal	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fornalce	fornalka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalce	fornalka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalek	fornalka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalkach	fornalka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalka	fornalka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalkami	fornalka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalką	fornalka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalkę	fornalka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalki	fornalka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalki	fornalka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalki	fornalka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalki	fornalka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalko	fornalka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalkom	fornalka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornalscy	fornalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fornalska	fornalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fornalską	fornalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fornalską	fornalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fornalskich	fornalski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fornalskich	fornalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornalskich	fornalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornalskie	fornalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornalskie	fornalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornalskie	fornalski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fornalskie	fornalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fornalskiego	fornalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fornalskiego	fornalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornalskiej	fornalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fornalskiej	fornalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fornalskiej	fornalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fornalskiemu	fornalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornalski	fornalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fornalski	fornalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fornalskim	fornalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornalskim	fornalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornalskim	fornalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornalskimi	fornalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornalsko	fornalski	adja		
fornalsku	fornalski	adjp		
fornalsko	fornalsko	adv:pos		
fornalskościach	fornalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskościami	fornalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskością	fornalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskości	fornalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskościom	fornalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskość	fornalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornalskość	fornalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierach	fornier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierami	fornier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierem	fornier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornier	fornier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornier	fornier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierom	fornier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierowi	fornier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierów	fornier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornieru	fornier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forniery	fornier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forniery	fornier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forniery	fornier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierze	fornier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierze	fornier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fornierniach	forniernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernia	forniernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierniami	forniernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernią	forniernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernie	forniernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernie	forniernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernie	forniernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernię	forniernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierni	forniernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fornierni	forniernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierni	forniernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierni	forniernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forniernio	forniernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierniom	forniernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierń	forniernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fornierować	fornierować	inf:imperf		przest.
fornierowaliby	fornierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowalibyście	fornierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowalibyśmy	fornierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowali	fornierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fornierowali	fornierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowaliście	fornierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowaliśmy	fornierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałaby	fornierować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałabym	fornierować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałabyś	fornierować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowała	fornierować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fornierowała	fornierować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałam	fornierować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałaś	fornierować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowałby	fornierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałbym	fornierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałbyś	fornierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowałem	fornierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałeś	fornierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierował	fornierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fornierował	fornierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałoby	fornierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałobym	fornierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałobyś	fornierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowało	fornierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fornierowało	fornierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałom	fornierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowałoś	fornierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowałyby	fornierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałybyście	fornierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowałybyśmy	fornierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowały	fornierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fornierowały	fornierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierowałyście	fornierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierowałyśmy	fornierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowana	fornierować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fornierowaną	fornierować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fornierowane	fornierować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierowane	fornierować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowanego	fornierować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fornierowanego	fornierować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowanej	fornierować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fornierowanemu	fornierować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowaniach	fornierować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowania	fornierować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowania	fornierować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowaniami	fornierować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowanie	fornierować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowaniem	fornierować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowani	fornierować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornierowaniom	fornierować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowaniu	fornierować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowano	fornierować	imps:imperf		przest.
fornierowanych	fornierować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornierowanych	fornierować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierowany	fornierować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fornierowany	fornierować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fornierowanym	fornierować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierowanym	fornierować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierowanymi	fornierować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierowań	fornierować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fornierująca	fornierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fornierującą	fornierować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fornierujące	fornierować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierujące	fornierować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierującego	fornierować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fornierującego	fornierować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierującej	fornierować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fornierującemu	fornierować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierując	fornierować	pcon:imperf		przest.
fornierująco	fornierować	pacta		
fornierujących	fornierować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornierujących	fornierować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierujący	fornierować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornierujący	fornierować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fornierujący	fornierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fornierującym	fornierować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierującym	fornierować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornierującymi	fornierować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornierują	fornierować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierujcie	fornierować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierujecie	fornierować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fornieruje	fornierować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fornierujemy	fornierować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierujesz	fornierować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fornieruję	fornierować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fornieruj	fornierować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fornierujmy	fornierować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fornierowościach	fornierowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowościami	fornierowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowością	fornierowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowości	fornierowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowościom	fornierowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowość	fornierowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowość	fornierowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornierowa	fornierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fornierową	fornierowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fornierową	fornierowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fornierowe	fornierowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornierowe	fornierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornierowe	fornierowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fornierowe	fornierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fornierowego	fornierowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fornierowego	fornierowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornierowej	fornierowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fornierowej	fornierowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fornierowej	fornierowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fornierowemu	fornierowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornierowi	fornierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fornierowo	fornierowy	adja		
fornierowych	fornierowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fornierowych	fornierowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornierowych	fornierowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornierowy	fornierowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fornierowy	fornierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fornierowym	fornierowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornierowym	fornierowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornierowym	fornierowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornierowymi	fornierowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornierycie	fornieryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierycie	fornieryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytach	fornieryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytami	fornieryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytem	fornieryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornieryt	fornieryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornieryt	fornieryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytom	fornieryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytowi	fornieryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytów	fornieryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornierytu	fornieryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornieryty	fornieryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornieryty	fornieryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornieryty	fornieryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirach	fornir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirami	fornir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirem	fornir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornir	fornir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornir	fornir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirom	fornir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowi	fornir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirów	fornir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forniru	fornir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forniry	fornir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forniry	fornir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forniry	fornir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirze	fornir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirze	fornir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fornirować	fornirować	inf:imperf		
fornirowaliby	fornirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fornirowalibyście	fornirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fornirowalibyśmy	fornirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fornirowali	fornirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fornirowali	fornirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fornirowaliście	fornirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fornirowaliśmy	fornirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fornirowałaby	fornirować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fornirowałabym	fornirować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fornirowałabyś	fornirować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fornirowała	fornirować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fornirowała	fornirować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fornirowałam	fornirować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fornirowałaś	fornirować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fornirowałby	fornirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fornirowałbym	fornirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fornirowałbyś	fornirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fornirowałem	fornirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fornirowałeś	fornirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fornirował	fornirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fornirował	fornirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fornirowałoby	fornirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fornirowałobym	fornirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fornirowałobyś	fornirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fornirowało	fornirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fornirowało	fornirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fornirowałom	fornirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fornirowałoś	fornirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fornirowałyby	fornirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fornirowałybyście	fornirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fornirowałybyśmy	fornirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fornirowały	fornirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fornirowały	fornirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fornirowałyście	fornirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fornirowałyśmy	fornirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fornirowana	fornirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fornirowaną	fornirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fornirowane	fornirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirowane	fornirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowanego	fornirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fornirowanego	fornirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowanej	fornirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fornirowanemu	fornirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowaniach	fornirować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowania	fornirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowania	fornirować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowaniami	fornirować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowanie	fornirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowaniem	fornirować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowani	fornirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornirowaniom	fornirować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowaniu	fornirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowano	fornirować	imps:imperf		
fornirowanych	fornirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornirowanych	fornirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirowany	fornirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fornirowany	fornirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fornirowanym	fornirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirowanym	fornirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirowanymi	fornirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirowań	fornirować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fornirująca	fornirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fornirującą	fornirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fornirujące	fornirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirujące	fornirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirującego	fornirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fornirującego	fornirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirującej	fornirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fornirującemu	fornirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirując	fornirować	pcon:imperf		
fornirująco	fornirować	pacta		
fornirujących	fornirować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornirujących	fornirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirujący	fornirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fornirujący	fornirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fornirujący	fornirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fornirującym	fornirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirującym	fornirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fornirującymi	fornirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fornirują	fornirować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fornirujcie	fornirować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fornirujecie	fornirować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
forniruje	fornirować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fornirujemy	fornirować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fornirujesz	fornirować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
forniruję	fornirować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
forniruj	fornirować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fornirujmy	fornirować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fornirowościach	fornirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowościami	fornirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowością	fornirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowości	fornirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowościom	fornirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowość	fornirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowość	fornirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirowa	fornirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fornirową	fornirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fornirową	fornirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fornirowe	fornirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornirowe	fornirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornirowe	fornirowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fornirowe	fornirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fornirowego	fornirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fornirowego	fornirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirowej	fornirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fornirowej	fornirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fornirowej	fornirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fornirowemu	fornirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirowi	fornirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fornirowo	fornirowy	adja		
fornirowych	fornirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fornirowych	fornirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirowych	fornirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirowy	fornirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fornirowy	fornirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fornirowym	fornirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirowym	fornirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirowym	fornirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirowymi	fornirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirscy	fornirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fornirska	fornirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fornirską	fornirski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fornirską	fornirski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fornirskich	fornirski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fornirskich	fornirski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirskich	fornirski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirskie	fornirski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornirskie	fornirski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fornirskie	fornirski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fornirskie	fornirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fornirskiego	fornirski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fornirskiego	fornirski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirskiej	fornirski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fornirskiej	fornirski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fornirskiej	fornirski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fornirskiemu	fornirski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirski	fornirski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fornirski	fornirski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fornirskim	fornirski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirskim	fornirski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirskim	fornirski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fornirskimi	fornirski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fornirsko	fornirski	adja		
fornirsku	fornirski	adjp		
fornirsko	fornirsko	adv:pos		
fornirskościach	fornirskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskościami	fornirskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskością	fornirskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskości	fornirskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskościom	fornirskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskość	fornirskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fornirskość	fornirskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forować	forować:v1	inf:imperf		
forowaliby	forować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forowalibyście	forować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forowalibyśmy	forować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forowali	forować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
forowali	forować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forowaliście	forować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forowaliśmy	forować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forowałaby	forować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forowałabym	forować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forowałabyś	forować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forowała	forować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
forowała	forować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forowałam	forować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forowałaś	forować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forowałby	forować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forowałbym	forować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forowałbyś	forować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forowałem	forować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forowałeś	forować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forował	forować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
forował	forować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forowałoby	forować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forowałobym	forować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forowałobyś	forować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forowało	forować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
forowało	forować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forowałom	forować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forowałoś	forować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forowałyby	forować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forowałybyście	forować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forowałybyśmy	forować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forowały	forować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
forowały	forować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forowałyście	forować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forowałyśmy	forować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forowana	forować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forowaną	forować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forowane	forować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowane	forować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanego	forować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forowanego	forować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanej	forować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forowanemu	forować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniach	forować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowania	forować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowania	forować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniami	forować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forowanie	forować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniem	forować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forowani	forować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forowaniom	forować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniu	forować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowano	forować:v1	imps:imperf		
forowanych	forować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forowanych	forować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowany	forować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forowany	forować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forowanym	forować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowanym	forować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanymi	forować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowań	forować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forująca	forować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forującą	forować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forujące	forować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forujące	forować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującego	forować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forującego	forować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującej	forować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forującemu	forować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forując	forować:v1	pcon:imperf		
forująco	forować:v1	pacta		
forujących	forować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forujących	forować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forującym	forować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forującym	forować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującymi	forować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forują	forować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
forujcie	forować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
forujecie	forować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
foruje	forować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
forujemy	forować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
forujesz	forować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
foruję	forować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
foruj	forować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
forujmy	forować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
forować	forować:v2	inf:imperf		daw.
forowaliby	forować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
forowalibyście	forować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
forowalibyśmy	forować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
forowali	forować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
forowali	forować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
forowaliście	forować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
forowaliśmy	forować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałaby	forować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałabym	forować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałabyś	forować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forowała	forować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
forowała	forować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałam	forować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałaś	forować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forowałby	forować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałbym	forować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałbyś	forować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
forowałem	forować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałeś	forować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
forował	forować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
forował	forować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałoby	forować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałobym	forować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałobyś	forować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forowało	forować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
forowało	forować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałom	forować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forowałoś	forować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forowałyby	forować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałybyście	forować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forowałybyśmy	forować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
forowały	forować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
forowały	forować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forowałyście	forować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forowałyśmy	forować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
forowana	forować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forowaną	forować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forowane	forować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowane	forować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanego	forować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forowanego	forować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanej	forować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forowanemu	forować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniach	forować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowania	forować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowania	forować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniami	forować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forowanie	forować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniem	forować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forowani	forować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forowaniom	forować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forowaniu	forować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forowano	forować:v2	imps:imperf		daw.
forowanych	forować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forowanych	forować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowany	forować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forowany	forować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forowanym	forować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowanym	forować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forowanymi	forować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forowań	forować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forująca	forować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forującą	forować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forujące	forować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forujące	forować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującego	forować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forującego	forować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującej	forować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forującemu	forować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forując	forować:v2	pcon:imperf		daw.
forująco	forować:v2	pacta		
forujących	forować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forujących	forować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forujący	forować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forującym	forować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forującym	forować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forującymi	forować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forują	forować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
forujcie	forować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
forujecie	forować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
foruje	forować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
forujemy	forować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
forujesz	forować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
foruję	forować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
foruj	forować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
forujmy	forować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
forpikach	forpik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpikami	forpik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpik	forpik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpik	forpik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpikiem	forpik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiki	forpik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiki	forpik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiki	forpik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpikom	forpik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpikowi	forpik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpików	forpik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiku	forpik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiku	forpik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpiku	forpik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
forpoczcie	forpoczta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczcie	forpoczta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztach	forpoczta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczta	forpoczta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztami	forpoczta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztą	forpoczta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztę	forpoczta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczt	forpoczta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczto	forpoczta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztom	forpoczta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczty	forpoczta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczty	forpoczta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczty	forpoczta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpoczty	forpoczta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowościach	forpocztowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowościami	forpocztowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowością	forpocztowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowości	forpocztowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowościom	forpocztowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowość	forpocztowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowość	forpocztowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forpocztowa	forpocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
forpocztową	forpocztowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
forpocztową	forpocztowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
forpocztowe	forpocztowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forpocztowe	forpocztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forpocztowe	forpocztowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowe	forpocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowego	forpocztowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
forpocztowego	forpocztowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowej	forpocztowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
forpocztowej	forpocztowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
forpocztowej	forpocztowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
forpocztowemu	forpocztowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowi	forpocztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
forpocztowo	forpocztowy	adja		przest.
forpocztowych	forpocztowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
forpocztowych	forpocztowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forpocztowych	forpocztowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forpocztowy	forpocztowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
forpocztowy	forpocztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
forpocztowym	forpocztowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forpocztowym	forpocztowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowym	forpocztowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
forpocztowymi	forpocztowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
forsach	forsa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsa	forsa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsami	forsa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsą	forsa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsę	forsa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fors	forsa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsie	forsa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsie	forsa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forso	forsa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsom	forsa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsy	forsa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsy	forsa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsy	forsa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsy	forsa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forsiastościach	forsiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastościami	forsiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastością	forsiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastości	forsiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastościom	forsiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastość	forsiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiastość	forsiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsiasta	forsiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
forsiastą	forsiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
forsiastą	forsiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
forsiaste	forsiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiaste	forsiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiaste	forsiasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiaste	forsiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiastego	forsiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
forsiastego	forsiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiastej	forsiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
forsiastej	forsiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
forsiastej	forsiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
forsiastemu	forsiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiasto	forsiasty	adja		pot.
forsiastych	forsiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
forsiastych	forsiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiastych	forsiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiasty	forsiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
forsiasty	forsiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
forsiastym	forsiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiastym	forsiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiastym	forsiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
forsiastymi	forsiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
forsiaści	forsiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
forsingach	forsing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingami	forsing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsing	forsing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsing	forsing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingiem	forsing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingi	forsing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingi	forsing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingi	forsing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingom	forsing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingowi	forsing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingów	forsing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingu	forsing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingu	forsing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsingu	forsing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forsować	forsować	inf:imperf		
forsowaliby	forsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forsowalibyście	forsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forsowalibyśmy	forsować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forsowali	forsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
forsowali	forsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forsowaliście	forsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forsowaliśmy	forsować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forsowałaby	forsować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forsowałabym	forsować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forsowałabyś	forsować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forsowała	forsować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
forsowała	forsować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forsowałam	forsować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forsowałaś	forsować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forsowałby	forsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forsowałbym	forsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forsowałbyś	forsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forsowałem	forsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forsowałeś	forsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forsował	forsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
forsował	forsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forsowałoby	forsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forsowałobym	forsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forsowałobyś	forsować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forsowało	forsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
forsowało	forsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forsowałom	forsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forsowałoś	forsować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forsowałyby	forsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forsowałybyście	forsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forsowałybyśmy	forsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forsowały	forsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
forsowały	forsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forsowałyście	forsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forsowałyśmy	forsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forsowana	forsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forsowaną	forsować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forsowane	forsować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsowane	forsować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsowanego	forsować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forsowanego	forsować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsowanej	forsować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forsowanemu	forsować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsowaniach	forsować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowania	forsować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowania	forsować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowaniami	forsować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowanie	forsować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowaniem	forsować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowani	forsować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsowaniom	forsować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowaniu	forsować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsowano	forsować	imps:imperf		
forsowanych	forsować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsowanych	forsować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsowany	forsować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forsowany	forsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forsowanym	forsować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsowanym	forsować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsowanymi	forsować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsowań	forsować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forsująca	forsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forsującą	forsować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forsujące	forsować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsujące	forsować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsującego	forsować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forsującego	forsować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsującej	forsować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forsującemu	forsować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsując	forsować	pcon:imperf		
forsująco	forsować	pacta		
forsujących	forsować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsujących	forsować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsujący	forsować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsujący	forsować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forsujący	forsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forsującym	forsować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsującym	forsować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsującymi	forsować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsują	forsować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
forsujcie	forsować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
forsujecie	forsować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
forsuje	forsować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
forsujemy	forsować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
forsujesz	forsować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
forsuję	forsować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
forsuj	forsować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
forsujmy	forsować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
forsownie	forsownie	adv:pos		
forsowniej	forsownie	adv:com		
forsownościach	forsowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsownościami	forsowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsownością	forsowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowności	forsowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsownościom	forsowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowność	forsowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowność	forsowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsowna	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
forsowną	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
forsowną	forsowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
forsowne	forsowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forsowne	forsowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forsowne	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
forsowne	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
forsownego	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
forsownego	forsowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forsownej	forsowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
forsownej	forsowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
forsownej	forsowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
forsownemu	forsowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forsowniejsi	forsowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
forsowniejsza	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejszą	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejszą	forsowny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejsze	forsowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowniejsze	forsowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowniejsze	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejsze	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszego	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszego	forsowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszej	forsowny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejszej	forsowny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejszej	forsowny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
forsowniejszemu	forsowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszych	forsowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
forsowniejszych	forsowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowniejszych	forsowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowniejszy	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
forsowniejszy	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
forsowniejszym	forsowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowniejszym	forsowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszym	forsowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
forsowniejszymi	forsowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
forsowni	forsowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
forsowno	forsowny	adja		
forsownych	forsowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
forsownych	forsowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forsownych	forsowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forsowny	forsowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
forsowny	forsowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
forsownym	forsowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forsownym	forsowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forsownym	forsowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forsownymi	forsowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forsycjach	forsycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycja	forsycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycjami	forsycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycją	forsycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycje	forsycja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycje	forsycja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycje	forsycja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycję	forsycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycji	forsycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
forsycji	forsycja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycji	forsycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycji	forsycja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycjo	forsycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycjom	forsycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forsycyj	forsycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
forszlakach	forszlak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaka	forszlak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlakami	forszlak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlak	forszlak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlak	forszlak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlakiem	forszlak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaki	forszlak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaki	forszlak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaki	forszlak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlakom	forszlak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlakowi	forszlak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaków	forszlak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaku	forszlak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszlaku	forszlak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmakach	forszmak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmakami	forszmak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmak	forszmak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmak	forszmak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmakiem	forszmak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaki	forszmak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaki	forszmak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaki	forszmak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmakom	forszmak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmakowi	forszmak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaków	forszmak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaku	forszmak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaku	forszmak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszmaku	forszmak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanach	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanami	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanem	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpan	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpan	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanie	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanie	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanom	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanowi	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanów	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanu	forszpan:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpany	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpany	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpany	forszpan:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forszpanach	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpana	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpana	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanami	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanem	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpan	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanie	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanie	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpani	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpani	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanom	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanowie	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanowie	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanowi	forszpan:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanów	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpanów	forszpan:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpany	forszpan:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forszpany	forszpan:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacjach	forsztelacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacja	forsztelacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacjami	forsztelacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacją	forsztelacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacje	forsztelacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacje	forsztelacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacje	forsztelacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelację	forsztelacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacji	forsztelacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
forsztelacji	forsztelacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacji	forsztelacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacji	forsztelacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacjo	forsztelacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacjom	forsztelacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztelacyj	forsztelacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
forsztelować	forsztelować	inf:perf		daw.
forsztelowaliby	forsztelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowalibyście	forsztelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowalibyśmy	forsztelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowali	forsztelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		daw.
forsztelowali	forsztelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowaliście	forsztelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowaliśmy	forsztelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałaby	forsztelować	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałabym	forsztelować	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałabyś	forsztelować	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowała	forsztelować	praet:sg:f:perf		daw.
forsztelowała	forsztelować	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałam	forsztelować	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałaś	forsztelować	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowałby	forsztelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałbym	forsztelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałbyś	forsztelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowałem	forsztelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałeś	forsztelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelował	forsztelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		daw.
forsztelował	forsztelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałoby	forsztelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałobym	forsztelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałobyś	forsztelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowało	forsztelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		daw.
forsztelowało	forsztelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałom	forsztelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowałoś	forsztelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowałyby	forsztelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałybyście	forsztelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowałybyśmy	forsztelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowały	forsztelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		daw.
forsztelowały	forsztelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelowałyście	forsztelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelowałyśmy	forsztelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelowana	forsztelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
forsztelowaną	forsztelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
forsztelowane	forsztelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
forsztelowane	forsztelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowanego	forsztelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
forsztelowanego	forsztelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowanej	forsztelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
forsztelowanemu	forsztelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowaniach	forsztelować	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowania	forsztelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowania	forsztelować	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowaniami	forsztelować	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowanie	forsztelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowaniem	forsztelować	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowani	forsztelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
forsztelowaniom	forsztelować	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowaniu	forsztelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowano	forsztelować	imps:perf		daw.
forsztelowanych	forsztelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
forsztelowanych	forsztelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
forsztelowany	forsztelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
forsztelowany	forsztelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
forsztelowanym	forsztelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
forsztelowanym	forsztelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowanymi	forsztelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
forsztelowań	forsztelować	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
forsztelowawszy	forsztelować	pant:perf		daw.
forsztelują	forsztelować	fin:pl:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelujcie	forsztelować	impt:pl:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelujecie	forsztelować	fin:pl:sec:perf		daw.
forszteluje	forsztelować	fin:sg:ter:perf		daw.
forsztelujemy	forsztelować	fin:pl:pri:perf		daw.
forsztelujesz	forsztelować	fin:sg:sec:perf		daw.
forszteluję	forsztelować	fin:sg:pri:perf		daw.
forszteluj	forsztelować	impt:sg:sec:perf		daw.
forsztelujmy	forsztelować	impt:pl:pri:perf		daw.
forsztmanach	forsztman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmana	forsztman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmana	forsztman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanami	forsztman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanem	forsztman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztman	forsztman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanie	forsztman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanie	forsztman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmani	forsztman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmani	forsztman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanom	forsztman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanowi	forsztman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanów	forsztman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmanów	forsztman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmany	forsztman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztmany	forsztman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forsztować	forsztować	inf:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowaliby	forsztować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowalibyście	forsztować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowalibyśmy	forsztować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowali	forsztować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowali	forsztować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowaliście	forsztować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowaliśmy	forsztować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałaby	forsztować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałabym	forsztować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałabyś	forsztować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowała	forsztować	praet:sg:f:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowała	forsztować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałam	forsztować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałaś	forsztować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałby	forsztować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałbym	forsztować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałbyś	forsztować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałem	forsztować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałeś	forsztować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztował	forsztować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztował	forsztować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałoby	forsztować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałobym	forsztować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałobyś	forsztować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowało	forsztować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowało	forsztować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałom	forsztować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałoś	forsztować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałyby	forsztować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałybyście	forsztować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałybyśmy	forsztować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowały	forsztować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowały	forsztować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałyście	forsztować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowałyśmy	forsztować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowana	forsztować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forsztowaną	forsztować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forsztowane	forsztować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztowane	forsztować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowanego	forsztować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forsztowanego	forsztować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowanej	forsztować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forsztowanemu	forsztować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowaniach	forsztować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowania	forsztować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowania	forsztować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowaniami	forsztować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowanie	forsztować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowaniem	forsztować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowani	forsztować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsztowaniom	forsztować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowaniu	forsztować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowano	forsztować	imps:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztowanych	forsztować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsztowanych	forsztować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztowany	forsztować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forsztowany	forsztować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forsztowanym	forsztować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztowanym	forsztować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztowanymi	forsztować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztowań	forsztować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forsztująca	forsztować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forsztującą	forsztować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forsztujące	forsztować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztujące	forsztować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztującego	forsztować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forsztującego	forsztować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztującej	forsztować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forsztującemu	forsztować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztując	forsztować	pcon:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztująco	forsztować	pacta		
forsztujących	forsztować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsztujących	forsztować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztujący	forsztować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forsztujący	forsztować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forsztujący	forsztować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forsztującym	forsztować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztującym	forsztować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forsztującymi	forsztować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forsztują	forsztować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztujcie	forsztować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztujecie	forsztować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztuje	forsztować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztujemy	forsztować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztujesz	forsztować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztuję	forsztować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztuj	forsztować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		bud.|daw.
forsztujmy	forsztować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		bud.|daw.
forszusach	forszus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusami	forszus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusem	forszus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszus	forszus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszus	forszus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusie	forszus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusie	forszus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusom	forszus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusowi	forszus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusów	forszus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusu	forszus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusy	forszus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusy	forszus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusy	forszus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forszusować	forszusować	inf:imperf		daw.
forszusowaliby	forszusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowalibyście	forszusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowalibyśmy	forszusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowali	forszusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
forszusowali	forszusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowaliście	forszusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowaliśmy	forszusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałaby	forszusować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałabym	forszusować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałabyś	forszusować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowała	forszusować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
forszusowała	forszusować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałam	forszusować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałaś	forszusować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowałby	forszusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałbym	forszusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałbyś	forszusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowałem	forszusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałeś	forszusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusował	forszusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
forszusował	forszusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałoby	forszusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałobym	forszusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałobyś	forszusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowało	forszusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
forszusowało	forszusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałom	forszusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowałoś	forszusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowałyby	forszusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałybyście	forszusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowałybyśmy	forszusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowały	forszusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
forszusowały	forszusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusowałyście	forszusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusowałyśmy	forszusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusowana	forszusować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forszusowaną	forszusować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forszusowane	forszusować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusowane	forszusować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowanego	forszusować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forszusowanego	forszusować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowanej	forszusować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forszusowanemu	forszusować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowaniach	forszusować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowania	forszusować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowania	forszusować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowaniami	forszusować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowanie	forszusować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowaniem	forszusować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowani	forszusować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forszusowaniom	forszusować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowaniu	forszusować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowano	forszusować	imps:imperf		daw.
forszusowanych	forszusować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forszusowanych	forszusować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusowany	forszusować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forszusowany	forszusować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forszusowanym	forszusować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusowanym	forszusować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusowanymi	forszusować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusowań	forszusować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forszusująca	forszusować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forszusującą	forszusować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forszusujące	forszusować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusujące	forszusować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusującego	forszusować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forszusującego	forszusować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusującej	forszusować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forszusującemu	forszusować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusując	forszusować	pcon:imperf		daw.
forszusująco	forszusować	pacta		
forszusujących	forszusować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forszusujących	forszusować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusujący	forszusować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forszusujący	forszusować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forszusujący	forszusować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forszusującym	forszusować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusującym	forszusować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forszusującymi	forszusować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forszusują	forszusować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusujcie	forszusować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusujecie	forszusować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusuje	forszusować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
forszusujemy	forszusować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusujesz	forszusować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusuję	forszusować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
forszusuj	forszusować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
forszusujmy	forszusować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
forcie	forta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forcie	forta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortach	forta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forta	forta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortami	forta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortą	forta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortę	forta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fort	forta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forto	forta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortom	forta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forty	forta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forty	forta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forty	forta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forty	forta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicjach	fortalicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicja	fortalicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicjami	fortalicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicją	fortalicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicje	fortalicja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicje	fortalicja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicje	fortalicja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicję	fortalicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicji	fortalicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fortalicji	fortalicja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicji	fortalicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicji	fortalicja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicjo	fortalicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicjom	fortalicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortalicyj	fortalicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fortancerce	fortancerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerce	fortancerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerek	fortancerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerkach	fortancerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerka	fortancerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerkami	fortancerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerką	fortancerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerkę	fortancerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerki	fortancerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerki	fortancerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerki	fortancerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerki	fortancerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerko	fortancerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortancerkom	fortancerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forte	forte	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
forte	forte	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fortecach	forteca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteca	forteca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecami	forteca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecą	forteca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortece	forteca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortece	forteca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortece	forteca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecę	forteca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortec	forteca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteco	forteca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecom	forteca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecy	forteca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecy	forteca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecy	forteca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczce	forteczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczce	forteczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczek	forteczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczkach	forteczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczka	forteczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczkami	forteczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczką	forteczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczkę	forteczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczki	forteczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczki	forteczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczki	forteczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczki	forteczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczko	forteczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczkom	forteczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecznościach	forteczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecznościami	forteczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecznością	forteczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczności	forteczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortecznościom	forteczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczność	forteczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczność	forteczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forteczna	forteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
forteczną	forteczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
forteczną	forteczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
forteczne	forteczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forteczne	forteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forteczne	forteczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
forteczne	forteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fortecznego	forteczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fortecznego	forteczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortecznej	forteczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fortecznej	forteczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fortecznej	forteczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fortecznemu	forteczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forteczni	forteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
forteczno	forteczny	adja		
fortecznych	forteczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fortecznych	forteczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortecznych	forteczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forteczny	forteczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
forteczny	forteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fortecznym	forteczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortecznym	forteczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortecznym	forteczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortecznymi	forteczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortelach	fortel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelami	fortel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortele	fortel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortele	fortel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortele	fortel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelem	fortel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortel	fortel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortel	fortel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forteli	fortel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelom	fortel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelowi	fortel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelów	fortel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelu	fortel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelu	fortel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortelu	fortel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
forteląca	fortelić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fortelącą	fortelić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fortelące	fortelić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortelące	fortelić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortelącego	fortelić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fortelącego	fortelić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortelącej	fortelić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fortelącemu	fortelić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forteląc	fortelić	pcon:imperf		daw.
forteląco	fortelić	pacta		
fortelących	fortelić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortelących	fortelić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortelący	fortelić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortelący	fortelić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fortelący	fortelić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fortelącym	fortelić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortelącym	fortelić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortelącymi	fortelić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortelą	fortelić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fortelcie	fortelić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
forteleniach	fortelić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortelenia	fortelić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortelenia	fortelić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forteleniami	fortelić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fortelenie	fortelić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forteleniem	fortelić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forteleniom	fortelić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forteleniu	fortelić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forteleń	fortelić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fortelę	fortelić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fortel	fortelić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fortelicie	fortelić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fortelić	fortelić	inf:imperf		daw.
forteli	fortelić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliliby	fortelić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fortelilibyście	fortelić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fortelilibyśmy	fortelić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fortelili	fortelić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fortelili	fortelić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliliście	fortelić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliliśmy	fortelić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłaby	fortelić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłabym	fortelić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłabyś	fortelić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliła	fortelić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
forteliła	fortelić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłam	fortelić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłaś	fortelić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliłby	fortelić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłbym	fortelić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłbyś	fortelić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliłem	fortelić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłeś	fortelić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fortelił	fortelić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fortelił	fortelić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłoby	fortelić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłobym	fortelić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłobyś	fortelić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliło	fortelić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
forteliło	fortelić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłom	fortelić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliłoś	fortelić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliłyby	fortelić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłybyście	fortelić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliłybyśmy	fortelić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
forteliły	fortelić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
forteliły	fortelić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
forteliłyście	fortelić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
forteliłyśmy	fortelić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fortelimy	fortelić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fortelisz	fortelić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fortelmy	fortelić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fortelono	fortelić	imps:imperf		daw.
fortelnie	fortelnie	adv:pos		daw.
fortelnościach	fortelność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelnościami	fortelność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelnością	fortelność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelności	fortelność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelnościom	fortelność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelność	fortelność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelność	fortelność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortelna	fortelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fortelną	fortelny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fortelną	fortelny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fortelne	fortelny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortelne	fortelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortelne	fortelny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelne	fortelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelnego	fortelny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fortelnego	fortelny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelnej	fortelny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fortelnej	fortelny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fortelnej	fortelny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fortelnemu	fortelny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelni	fortelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fortelno	fortelny	adja		daw.
fortelnych	fortelny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fortelnych	fortelny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortelnych	fortelny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortelny	fortelny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fortelny	fortelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fortelnym	fortelny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortelnym	fortelny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelnym	fortelny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fortelnymi	fortelny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fortepianach	fortepian	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianami	fortepian	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianem	fortepian	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepian	fortepian	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepian	fortepian	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianie	fortepian	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianie	fortepian	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianom	fortepian	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowi	fortepian	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianów	fortepian	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianu	fortepian	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepiany	fortepian	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepiany	fortepian	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepiany	fortepian	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianikach	fortepianik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianikami	fortepianik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianik	fortepianik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianik	fortepianik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianikiem	fortepianik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiki	fortepianik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiki	fortepianik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiki	fortepianik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianikom	fortepianik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianikowi	fortepianik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianików	fortepianik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiku	fortepianik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiku	fortepianik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianiku	fortepianik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianistach	fortepianista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianista	fortepianista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistami	fortepianista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistą	fortepianista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistę	fortepianista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianisto	fortepianista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistom	fortepianista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistów	fortepianista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistów	fortepianista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianisty	fortepianista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianisty	fortepianista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianisty	fortepianista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianiście	fortepianista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianiście	fortepianista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianiści	fortepianista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianiści	fortepianista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistce	fortepianistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistce	fortepianistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistek	fortepianistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistkach	fortepianistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistka	fortepianistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistkami	fortepianistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistką	fortepianistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistkę	fortepianistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistki	fortepianistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistki	fortepianistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistki	fortepianistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistki	fortepianistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistko	fortepianistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepianistkom	fortepianistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepiano	fortepiano	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fortepianowościach	fortepianowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowościami	fortepianowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowością	fortepianowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowości	fortepianowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowościom	fortepianowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowość	fortepianowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowość	fortepianowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortepianowa	fortepianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fortepianową	fortepianowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fortepianową	fortepianowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fortepianowe	fortepianowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortepianowe	fortepianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortepianowe	fortepianowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowe	fortepianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowego	fortepianowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fortepianowego	fortepianowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowej	fortepianowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fortepianowej	fortepianowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fortepianowej	fortepianowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fortepianowemu	fortepianowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowi	fortepianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fortepianowo	fortepianowy	adja		
fortepianowych	fortepianowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fortepianowych	fortepianowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortepianowych	fortepianowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortepianowy	fortepianowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fortepianowy	fortepianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fortepianowym	fortepianowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortepianowym	fortepianowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowym	fortepianowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortepianowymi	fortepianowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fort	fort:i	interj		daw.
fortissimach	fortissimo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissima	fortissimo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissima	fortissimo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissima	fortissimo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissima	fortissimo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimami	fortissimo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimem	fortissimo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissim	fortissimo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimie	fortissimo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimo	fortissimo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimo	fortissimo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimo	fortissimo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimom	fortissimo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortissimu	fortissimo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsel	fortopsel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsel	fortopsel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslach	fortopsel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsla	fortopsel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslami	fortopsel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsle	fortopsel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsle	fortopsel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsle	fortopsel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslem	fortopsel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopsli	fortopsel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslom	fortopsel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslowi	fortopsel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslów	fortopsel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslu	fortopsel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortopslu	fortopsel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fortowościach	fortowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowościami	fortowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowością	fortowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowości	fortowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowościom	fortowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowość	fortowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowość	fortowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortowa	fortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fortową	fortowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fortową	fortowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fortowe	fortowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortowe	fortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortowe	fortowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fortowe	fortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fortowego	fortowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fortowego	fortowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortowej	fortowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fortowej	fortowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fortowej	fortowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fortowemu	fortowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortowi	fortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fortowo	fortowy	adja		
fortowych	fortowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fortowych	fortowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortowych	fortowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortowy	fortowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fortowy	fortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fortowym	fortowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortowym	fortowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortowym	fortowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortowymi	fortowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortragować	fortragować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowaliby	fortragować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowalibyście	fortragować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowalibyśmy	fortragować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowali	fortragować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowali	fortragować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowaliście	fortragować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowaliśmy	fortragować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałaby	fortragować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałabym	fortragować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałabyś	fortragować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowała	fortragować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowała	fortragować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałam	fortragować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałaś	fortragować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałby	fortragować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałbym	fortragować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałbyś	fortragować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałem	fortragować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałeś	fortragować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragował	fortragować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragował	fortragować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałoby	fortragować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałobym	fortragować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałobyś	fortragować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowało	fortragować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowało	fortragować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałom	fortragować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałoś	fortragować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałyby	fortragować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałybyście	fortragować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałybyśmy	fortragować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowały	fortragować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowały	fortragować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałyście	fortragować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowałyśmy	fortragować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowana	fortragować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaną	fortragować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowane	fortragować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowane	fortragować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanego	fortragować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanego	fortragować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanej	fortragować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanemu	fortragować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaniach	fortragować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowania	fortragować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowania	fortragować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaniami	fortragować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanie	fortragować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaniem	fortragować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowani	fortragować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaniom	fortragować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowaniu	fortragować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowano	fortragować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragowanych	fortragować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanych	fortragować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowany	fortragować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowany	fortragować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanym	fortragować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanym	fortragować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowanymi	fortragować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowań	fortragować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
fortragowawszy	fortragować	pant:perf		daw.
fortragująca	fortragować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fortragującą	fortragować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fortragujące	fortragować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortragujące	fortragować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortragującego	fortragować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fortragującego	fortragować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortragującej	fortragować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fortragującemu	fortragować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortragując	fortragować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fortragująco	fortragować	pacta		
fortragujących	fortragować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortragujących	fortragować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortragujący	fortragować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortragujący	fortragować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fortragujący	fortragować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fortragującym	fortragować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortragującym	fortragować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortragującymi	fortragować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortragują	fortragować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragujcie	fortragować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragujecie	fortragować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortraguje	fortragować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragujemy	fortragować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragujesz	fortragować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortraguję	fortragować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
fortraguj	fortragować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
fortragujmy	fortragować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
forcie	fort:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
forcie	fort:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortach	fort:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortami	fort:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortem	fort:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fort	fort:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fort	fort:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortom	fort:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortowi	fort:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortów	fort:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortu	fort:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
forty	fort:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
forty	fort:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
forty	fort:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
fortunach	fortuna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuna	fortuna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunami	fortuna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuną	fortuna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunę	fortuna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortun	fortuna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunie	fortuna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunie	fortuna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuno	fortuna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunom	fortuna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuny	fortuna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuny	fortuna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuny	fortuna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuny	fortuna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunacie	fortunat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunacie	fortunat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunaci	fortunat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunaci	fortunat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatach	fortunat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunata	fortunat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunata	fortunat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatami	fortunat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatem	fortunat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunat	fortunat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatom	fortunat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatowi	fortunat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatów	fortunat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunatów	fortunat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunaty	fortunat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortunaty	fortunat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortuneczce	fortuneczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczce	fortuneczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczek	fortuneczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczkach	fortuneczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczka	fortuneczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczkami	fortuneczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczką	fortuneczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczkę	fortuneczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczki	fortuneczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczki	fortuneczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczki	fortuneczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczki	fortuneczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczko	fortuneczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortuneczkom	fortuneczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunce	fortunka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunce	fortunka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunek	fortunka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunkach	fortunka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunka	fortunka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunkami	fortunka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunką	fortunka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunkę	fortunka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunki	fortunka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunki	fortunka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunki	fortunka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunki	fortunka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunko	fortunka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunkom	fortunka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunnie	fortunnie	adv:pos		
fortunniej	fortunnie	adv:com		
fortunnościach	fortunność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunnościami	fortunność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunnością	fortunność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunności	fortunność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunnościom	fortunność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunność	fortunność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunność	fortunność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortunna	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fortunną	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fortunną	fortunny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fortunne	fortunny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortunne	fortunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortunne	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fortunne	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fortunnego	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fortunnego	fortunny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortunnej	fortunny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fortunnej	fortunny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fortunnej	fortunny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fortunnemu	fortunny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortunniejsi	fortunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
fortunniejsza	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
fortunniejszą	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
fortunniejszą	fortunny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
fortunniejsze	fortunny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fortunniejsze	fortunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
fortunniejsze	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
fortunniejsze	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
fortunniejszego	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
fortunniejszego	fortunny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fortunniejszej	fortunny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
fortunniejszej	fortunny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
fortunniejszej	fortunny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
fortunniejszemu	fortunny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fortunniejszych	fortunny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
fortunniejszych	fortunny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fortunniejszych	fortunny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fortunniejszy	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
fortunniejszy	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
fortunniejszym	fortunny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fortunniejszym	fortunny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fortunniejszym	fortunny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
fortunniejszymi	fortunny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
fortunni	fortunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fortunno	fortunny	adja		
fortunnych	fortunny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fortunnych	fortunny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortunnych	fortunny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortunny	fortunny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fortunny	fortunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fortunnym	fortunny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortunnym	fortunny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortunnym	fortunny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortunnymi	fortunny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacjach	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacja	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacjami	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacją	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacje	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacje	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacje	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikację	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacji	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fortyfikacji	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacji	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacji	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacjo	fortyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacjom	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyj	fortyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fortyfikacyjnościach	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjnościami	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjnością	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjności	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjnościom	fortyfikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjność	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjność	fortyfikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fortyfikacyjna	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjną	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjną	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjne	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacyjne	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacyjne	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjne	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjnego	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fortyfikacyjnego	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjnej	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjnej	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjnej	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fortyfikacyjnemu	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjni	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fortyfikacyjno	fortyfikacyjny	adja		
fortyfikacyjnych	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fortyfikacyjnych	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacyjnych	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacyjny	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fortyfikacyjny	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fortyfikacyjnym	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikacyjnym	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjnym	fortyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fortyfikacyjnymi	fortyfikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fortyfikatorach	fortyfikator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatora	fortyfikator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatora	fortyfikator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorami	fortyfikator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorem	fortyfikator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikator	fortyfikator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorom	fortyfikator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorowi	fortyfikator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorów	fortyfikator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorów	fortyfikator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatory	fortyfikator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatory	fortyfikator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorze	fortyfikator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorze	fortyfikator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorzy	fortyfikator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikatorzy	fortyfikator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fortyfikować	fortyfikować	inf:imperf		
fortyfikowaliby	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowalibyście	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowalibyśmy	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowali	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fortyfikowali	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowaliście	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowaliśmy	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałaby	fortyfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałabym	fortyfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałabyś	fortyfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowała	fortyfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fortyfikowała	fortyfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałam	fortyfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałaś	fortyfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowałby	fortyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałbym	fortyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałbyś	fortyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowałem	fortyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałeś	fortyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fortyfikował	fortyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fortyfikował	fortyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałoby	fortyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałobym	fortyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałobyś	fortyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowało	fortyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fortyfikowało	fortyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałom	fortyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowałoś	fortyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowałyby	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałybyście	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowałybyśmy	fortyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowały	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fortyfikowały	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fortyfikowałyście	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fortyfikowałyśmy	fortyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fortyfikowana	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaną	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowane	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowane	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanego	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanego	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanej	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanemu	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaniach	fortyfikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowania	fortyfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowania	fortyfikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaniami	fortyfikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanie	fortyfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaniem	fortyfikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowani	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaniom	fortyfikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowaniu	fortyfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowano	fortyfikować	imps:imperf		
fortyfikowanych	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanych	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowany	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowany	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanym	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanym	fortyfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowanymi	fortyfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikowań	fortyfikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikująca	fortyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującą	fortyfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujące	fortyfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujące	fortyfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującego	fortyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującego	fortyfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującej	fortyfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującemu	fortyfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikując	fortyfikować	pcon:imperf		
fortyfikująco	fortyfikować	pacta		
fortyfikujących	fortyfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujących	fortyfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujący	fortyfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujący	fortyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikujący	fortyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującym	fortyfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującym	fortyfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fortyfikującymi	fortyfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fortyfikują	fortyfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fortyfikujcie	fortyfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fortyfikujecie	fortyfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fortyfikuje	fortyfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fortyfikujemy	fortyfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fortyfikujesz	fortyfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fortyfikuję	fortyfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fortyfikuj	fortyfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fortyfikujmy	fortyfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
forach	forum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fora	forum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fora	forum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fora	forum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forami	forum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forom	forum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forów	forum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forum	forum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
forumowiczach	forumowicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicza	forumowicz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicza	forumowicz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczami	forumowicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicze	forumowicz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicze	forumowicz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicze	forumowicz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicze	forumowicz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczem	forumowicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowicz	forumowicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczom	forumowicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczowi	forumowicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczów	forumowicz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczów	forumowicz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczu	forumowicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowiczu	forumowicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
forumowościach	forumowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowościami	forumowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowością	forumowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowości	forumowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowościom	forumowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowość	forumowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowość	forumowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
forumowa	forumowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
forumową	forumowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
forumową	forumowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
forumowe	forumowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forumowe	forumowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
forumowe	forumowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
forumowe	forumowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
forumowego	forumowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
forumowego	forumowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forumowej	forumowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
forumowej	forumowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
forumowej	forumowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
forumowemu	forumowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forumowi	forumowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
forumowo	forumowy	adja		
forumowych	forumowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
forumowych	forumowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forumowych	forumowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forumowy	forumowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
forumowy	forumowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
forumowym	forumowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forumowym	forumowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forumowym	forumowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
forumowymi	forumowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
forwachcie	forwacht	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachcie	forwacht	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtach	forwacht	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtami	forwacht	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtem	forwacht	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwacht	forwacht	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwacht	forwacht	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtom	forwacht	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtowi	forwacht	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtów	forwacht	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachtu	forwacht	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachty	forwacht	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachty	forwacht	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwachty	forwacht	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forwardować	forwardować	inf:imperf		pot.
forwardowaliby	forwardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowalibyście	forwardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowalibyśmy	forwardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowali	forwardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
forwardowali	forwardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowaliście	forwardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowaliśmy	forwardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałaby	forwardować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałabym	forwardować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałabyś	forwardować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowała	forwardować	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
forwardowała	forwardować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałam	forwardować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałaś	forwardować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowałby	forwardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałbym	forwardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałbyś	forwardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowałem	forwardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałeś	forwardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardował	forwardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
forwardował	forwardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałoby	forwardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałobym	forwardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałobyś	forwardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowało	forwardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
forwardowało	forwardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałom	forwardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowałoś	forwardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowałyby	forwardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałybyście	forwardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowałybyśmy	forwardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowały	forwardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
forwardowały	forwardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardowałyście	forwardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardowałyśmy	forwardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardowana	forwardować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forwardowaną	forwardować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forwardowane	forwardować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardowane	forwardować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowanego	forwardować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forwardowanego	forwardować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowanej	forwardować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forwardowanemu	forwardować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowaniach	forwardować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowania	forwardować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowania	forwardować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowaniami	forwardować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowanie	forwardować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowaniem	forwardować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowani	forwardować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forwardowaniom	forwardować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowaniu	forwardować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowano	forwardować	imps:imperf		pot.
forwardowanych	forwardować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forwardowanych	forwardować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardowany	forwardować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forwardowany	forwardować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forwardowanym	forwardować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardowanym	forwardować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardowanymi	forwardować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardowań	forwardować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forwardująca	forwardować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forwardującą	forwardować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forwardujące	forwardować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardujące	forwardować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardującego	forwardować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forwardującego	forwardować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardującej	forwardować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forwardującemu	forwardować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardując	forwardować	pcon:imperf		pot.
forwardująco	forwardować	pacta		
forwardujących	forwardować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forwardujących	forwardować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardujący	forwardować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forwardujący	forwardować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forwardujący	forwardować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forwardującym	forwardować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardującym	forwardować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forwardującymi	forwardować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forwardują	forwardować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardujcie	forwardować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardujecie	forwardować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
forwarduje	forwardować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
forwardujemy	forwardować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
forwardujesz	forwardować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
forwarduję	forwardować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
forwarduj	forwardować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
forwardujmy	forwardować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
forach	fory	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
forami	fory	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
forom	fory	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
forów	fory	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fory	fory	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fory	fory	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fory	fory	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
foryncie	forynt	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryncie	forynt	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntach	forynt	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynta	forynt	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynta	forynt	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntami	forynt	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntem	forynt	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynt	forynt	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntom	forynt	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntowi	forynt	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
foryntów	forynt	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynty	forynt	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynty	forynt	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forynty	forynt	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
forysteriach	forysteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysteria	forysteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysteriami	forysteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterią	forysteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterie	forysteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterie	forysteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterie	forysteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterię	forysteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterii	forysteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
forysterii	forysteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterii	forysteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterii	forysteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysterio	forysteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysteriom	forysteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
forysteryj	forysteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
forysiach	foryś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysia	foryś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysia	foryś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiami	foryś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysie	foryś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysie	foryś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysie	foryś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysie	foryś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiem	foryś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiom	foryś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiowi	foryś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiów	foryś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiów	foryś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiu	foryś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forysiu	foryś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
foryś	foryś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
forytować	forytować	inf:imperf		
forytowaliby	forytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forytowalibyście	forytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forytowalibyśmy	forytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forytowali	forytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
forytowali	forytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
forytowaliście	forytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
forytowaliśmy	forytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
forytowałaby	forytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forytowałabym	forytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forytowałabyś	forytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forytowała	forytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
forytowała	forytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
forytowałam	forytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
forytowałaś	forytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
forytowałby	forytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forytowałbym	forytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forytowałbyś	forytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forytowałem	forytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
forytowałeś	forytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
forytował	forytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
forytował	forytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
forytowałoby	forytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forytowałobym	forytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forytowałobyś	forytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forytowało	forytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
forytowało	forytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
forytowałom	forytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
forytowałoś	forytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
forytowałyby	forytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forytowałybyście	forytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forytowałybyśmy	forytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forytowały	forytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
forytowały	forytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
forytowałyście	forytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
forytowałyśmy	forytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
forytowana	forytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forytowaną	forytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forytowane	forytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytowane	forytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytowanego	forytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forytowanego	forytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytowanej	forytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forytowanemu	forytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytowaniach	forytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowania	forytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowania	forytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowaniami	forytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowanie	forytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowaniem	forytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowani	forytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forytowaniom	forytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowaniu	forytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
forytowano	forytować	imps:imperf		
forytowanych	forytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forytowanych	forytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytowany	forytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forytowany	forytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forytowanym	forytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytowanym	forytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytowanymi	forytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytowań	forytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
forytująca	forytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
forytującą	forytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
forytujące	forytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytujące	forytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytującego	forytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
forytującego	forytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytującej	forytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
forytującemu	forytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytując	forytować	pcon:imperf		
forytująco	forytować	pacta		
forytujących	forytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forytujących	forytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytujący	forytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
forytujący	forytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
forytujący	forytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
forytującym	forytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytującym	forytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
forytującymi	forytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
forytują	forytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
forytujcie	forytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
forytujecie	forytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
forytuje	forytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
forytujemy	forytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
forytujesz	forytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
forytuję	forytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
forytuj	forytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
forytujmy	forytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
forzacach	forzac	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzaca	forzac	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacami	forzac	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzace	forzac	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzace	forzac	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzace	forzac	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacem	forzac	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzac	forzac	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzac	forzac	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacom	forzac	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacowi	forzac	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzaców	forzac	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacu	forzac	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
forzacu	forzac	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	poligr.
fosach	fosa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosa	fosa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosami	fosa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosą	fosa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosę	fosa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fos	fosa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosie	fosa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosie	fosa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
foso	fosa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosom	fosa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosy	fosa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosy	fosa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosy	fosa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosy	fosa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenach	fosfagen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenami	fosfagen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenem	fosfagen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagen	fosfagen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagen	fosfagen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenie	fosfagen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenie	fosfagen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenom	fosfagen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenowi	fosfagen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenów	fosfagen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfagenu	fosfagen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfageny	fosfagen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfageny	fosfagen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfageny	fosfagen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfacie	fosfat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfacie	fosfat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatach	fosfat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatami	fosfat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatem	fosfat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfat	fosfat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfat	fosfat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatom	fosfat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatowi	fosfat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatów	fosfat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatu	fosfat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfaty	fosfat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfaty	fosfat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfaty	fosfat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazach	fosfataza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfataza	fosfataza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazami	fosfataza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazą	fosfataza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazę	fosfataza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfataz	fosfataza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazie	fosfataza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazie	fosfataza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazo	fosfataza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazom	fosfataza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazy	fosfataza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazy	fosfataza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazy	fosfataza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatazy	fosfataza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacjach	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacja	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacjami	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacją	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacje	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacje	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacje	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzację	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacji	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fosfatyzacji	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacji	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacji	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacjo	fosfatyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacjom	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfatyzacyj	fosfatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fosfatyzować	fosfatyzować	inf:imperf		
fosfatyzowaliby	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowalibyście	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowalibyśmy	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowali	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fosfatyzowali	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowaliście	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowaliśmy	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałaby	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałabym	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałabyś	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowała	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fosfatyzowała	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałam	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałaś	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowałby	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałbym	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałbyś	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowałem	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałeś	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzował	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fosfatyzował	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałoby	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałobym	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałobyś	fosfatyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowało	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fosfatyzowało	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałom	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowałoś	fosfatyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowałyby	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałybyście	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowałybyśmy	fosfatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowały	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fosfatyzowały	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzowałyście	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzowałyśmy	fosfatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzowana	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaną	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowane	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowane	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanego	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanego	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanej	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanemu	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaniach	fosfatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowania	fosfatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowania	fosfatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaniami	fosfatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanie	fosfatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaniem	fosfatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowani	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaniom	fosfatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowaniu	fosfatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowano	fosfatyzować	imps:imperf		
fosfatyzowanych	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanych	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowany	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowany	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanym	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanym	fosfatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowanymi	fosfatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzowań	fosfatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzująca	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującą	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujące	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujące	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującego	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującego	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującej	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującemu	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzując	fosfatyzować	pcon:imperf		
fosfatyzująco	fosfatyzować	pacta		
fosfatyzujących	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujących	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujący	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujący	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzujący	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującym	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującym	fosfatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzującymi	fosfatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosfatyzują	fosfatyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzujcie	fosfatyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzujecie	fosfatyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzuje	fosfatyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fosfatyzujemy	fosfatyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzujesz	fosfatyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzuję	fosfatyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fosfatyzuj	fosfatyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fosfatyzujmy	fosfatyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fosfogipsach	fosfogips	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsami	fosfogips	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsem	fosfogips	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogips	fosfogips	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogips	fosfogips	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsie	fosfogips	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsie	fosfogips	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsom	fosfogips	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowi	fosfogips	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsów	fosfogips	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsu	fosfogips	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsy	fosfogips	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsy	fosfogips	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsy	fosfogips	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowościach	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowościami	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowością	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowości	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowościom	fosfogipsowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowość	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowość	fosfogipsowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfogipsowa	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosfogipsową	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosfogipsową	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosfogipsowe	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosfogipsowe	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosfogipsowe	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowe	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowego	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosfogipsowego	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowej	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosfogipsowej	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosfogipsowej	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosfogipsowemu	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowi	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosfogipsowo	fosfogipsowy	adja		
fosfogipsowych	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosfogipsowych	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfogipsowych	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfogipsowy	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosfogipsowy	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosfogipsowym	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfogipsowym	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowym	fosfogipsowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfogipsowymi	fosfogipsowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfolipidach	fosfolipid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidami	fosfolipid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidem	fosfolipid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipid	fosfolipid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipid	fosfolipid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidom	fosfolipid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidowi	fosfolipid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidów	fosfolipid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidu	fosfolipid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidy	fosfolipid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidy	fosfolipid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidy	fosfolipid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidzie	fosfolipid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfolipidzie	fosfolipid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
fosfonach	fosfon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonami	fosfon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonem	fosfon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfon	fosfon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfon	fosfon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonie	fosfon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonie	fosfon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonom	fosfon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowi	fosfon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonów	fosfon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonu	fosfon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfony	fosfon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfony	fosfon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfony	fosfon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowościach	fosfonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowościami	fosfonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowością	fosfonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowości	fosfonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowościom	fosfonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowość	fosfonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowość	fosfonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosfonowa	fosfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosfonową	fosfonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosfonową	fosfonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosfonowe	fosfonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosfonowe	fosfonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosfonowe	fosfonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowe	fosfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowego	fosfonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosfonowego	fosfonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowej	fosfonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosfonowej	fosfonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosfonowej	fosfonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosfonowemu	fosfonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowi	fosfonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosfonowo	fosfonowy	adja		
fosfonowych	fosfonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosfonowych	fosfonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfonowych	fosfonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfonowy	fosfonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosfonowy	fosfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosfonowym	fosfonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosfonowym	fosfonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowym	fosfonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosfonowymi	fosfonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforach	fosfor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforami	fosfor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforem	fosfor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfor	fosfor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfor	fosfor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforom	fosfor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforowi	fosfor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforów	fosfor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforu	fosfor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforze	fosfor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforze	fosfor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanach	fosforan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanami	fosforan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanem	fosforan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforan	fosforan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforan	fosforan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanie	fosforan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanie	fosforan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanom	fosforan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanowi	fosforan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanów	fosforan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanu	fosforan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforany	fosforan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforany	fosforan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforany	fosforan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforanować	fosforanować	inf:imperf		
fosforanowaliby	fosforanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosforanowalibyście	fosforanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosforanowalibyśmy	fosforanować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosforanowali	fosforanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fosforanowali	fosforanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosforanowaliście	fosforanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosforanowaliśmy	fosforanować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałaby	fosforanować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałabym	fosforanować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałabyś	fosforanować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosforanowała	fosforanować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fosforanowała	fosforanować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałam	fosforanować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałaś	fosforanować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosforanowałby	fosforanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałbym	fosforanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałbyś	fosforanować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosforanowałem	fosforanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałeś	fosforanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosforanował	fosforanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fosforanował	fosforanować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałoby	fosforanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałobym	fosforanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałobyś	fosforanować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosforanowało	fosforanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fosforanowało	fosforanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałom	fosforanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosforanowałoś	fosforanować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosforanowałyby	fosforanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałybyście	fosforanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosforanowałybyśmy	fosforanować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosforanowały	fosforanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fosforanowały	fosforanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosforanowałyście	fosforanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosforanowałyśmy	fosforanować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosforanowana	fosforanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaną	fosforanować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanowane	fosforanować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowane	fosforanować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanego	fosforanować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanego	fosforanować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanej	fosforanować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanemu	fosforanować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaniach	fosforanować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowania	fosforanować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowania	fosforanować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaniami	fosforanować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanie	fosforanować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaniem	fosforanować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowani	fosforanować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaniom	fosforanować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowaniu	fosforanować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowano	fosforanować	imps:imperf		
fosforanowanych	fosforanować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanych	fosforanować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowany	fosforanować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowany	fosforanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanym	fosforanować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanym	fosforanować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanowanymi	fosforanować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanowań	fosforanować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanująca	fosforanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanującą	fosforanować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanujące	fosforanować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanujące	fosforanować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanującego	fosforanować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fosforanującego	fosforanować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanującej	fosforanować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforanującemu	fosforanować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanując	fosforanować	pcon:imperf		
fosforanująco	fosforanować	pacta		
fosforanujących	fosforanować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforanujących	fosforanować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanujący	fosforanować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforanujący	fosforanować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fosforanujący	fosforanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fosforanującym	fosforanować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanującym	fosforanować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforanującymi	fosforanować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforanują	fosforanować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fosforanujcie	fosforanować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fosforanujecie	fosforanować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fosforanuje	fosforanować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fosforanujemy	fosforanować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fosforanujesz	fosforanować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fosforanuję	fosforanować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fosforanuj	fosforanować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fosforanujmy	fosforanować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fosforanowościach	fosforanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowościami	fosforanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowością	fosforanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowości	fosforanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowościom	fosforanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowość	fosforanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowość	fosforanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforanowa	fosforanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforanową	fosforanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforanową	fosforanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforanowe	fosforanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforanowe	fosforanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforanowe	fosforanowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowe	fosforanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowego	fosforanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforanowego	fosforanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowej	fosforanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforanowej	fosforanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforanowej	fosforanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforanowemu	fosforanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowi	fosforanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforanowo	fosforanowy	adja		
fosforanowych	fosforanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforanowych	fosforanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforanowych	fosforanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforanowy	fosforanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforanowy	fosforanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforanowym	fosforanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforanowym	fosforanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowym	fosforanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforanowymi	fosforanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawościach	fosforawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawościami	fosforawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawością	fosforawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawości	fosforawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawościom	fosforawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawość	fosforawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawość	fosforawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforawa	fosforawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforawą	fosforawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforawą	fosforawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforawe	fosforawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawe	fosforawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawe	fosforawy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforawe	fosforawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforawego	fosforawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforawego	fosforawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforawej	fosforawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforawej	fosforawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforawej	fosforawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforawemu	fosforawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforawi	fosforawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforawo	fosforawy	adja		
fosforawych	fosforawy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforawych	fosforawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawych	fosforawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawy	fosforawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforawy	fosforawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforawym	fosforawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforawym	fosforawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforawym	fosforawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforawymi	fosforawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforek	fosforek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforek	fosforek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforkach	fosforek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforkami	fosforek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforkiem	fosforek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforki	fosforek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforki	fosforek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforki	fosforek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforkom	fosforek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforkowi	fosforek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforków	fosforek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforku	fosforek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforku	fosforek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforku	fosforek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencjach	fosforescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencja	fosforescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencjami	fosforescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencją	fosforescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencje	fosforescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencje	fosforescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencje	fosforescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencję	fosforescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencji	fosforescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fosforescencji	fosforescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencji	fosforescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencji	fosforescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencjo	fosforescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencjom	fosforescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyj	fosforescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fosforescencyjnościach	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjnościami	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjnością	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjności	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjnościom	fosforescencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjność	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjność	fosforescencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforescencyjna	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforescencyjną	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforescencyjną	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforescencyjne	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforescencyjne	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforescencyjne	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjne	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjnego	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforescencyjnego	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjnej	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforescencyjnej	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforescencyjnej	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforescencyjnemu	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjni	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforescencyjno	fosforescencyjny	adja		
fosforescencyjnych	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforescencyjnych	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforescencyjnych	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforescencyjny	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforescencyjny	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforescencyjnym	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforescencyjnym	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjnym	fosforescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforescencyjnymi	fosforescencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforiakach	fosforiak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiakami	fosforiak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiak	fosforiak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiak	fosforiak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiakiem	fosforiak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaki	fosforiak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaki	fosforiak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaki	fosforiak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiakom	fosforiak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiakowi	fosforiak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaków	fosforiak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaku	fosforiak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaku	fosforiak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforiaku	fosforiak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynach	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryna	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynami	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryną	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynę	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryn	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynie	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynie	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryno	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakterynom	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryny	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryny	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryny	fosforobakteryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobakteryny	fosforobakteryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązach	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązami	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązem	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrąz	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrąz	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązie	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązie	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązom	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązowi	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązów	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązu	fosforobrąz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązy	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązy	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforobrązy	fosforobrąz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizach	fosforoliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforoliza	fosforoliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizami	fosforoliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizą	fosforoliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizę	fosforoliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforoliz	fosforoliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizie	fosforoliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizie	fosforoliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizo	fosforoliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizom	fosforoliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizy	fosforoliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizy	fosforoliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizy	fosforoliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforolizy	fosforoliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcach	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowca	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcami	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowce	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowce	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowce	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcem	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcom	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcowi	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowców	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcu	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowcu	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowiec	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforotłuszczowiec	fosforotłuszczowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorach	fosforowodór	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorami	fosforowodór	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorem	fosforowodór	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorom	fosforowodór	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorowi	fosforowodór	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorów	fosforowodór	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodoru	fosforowodór	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodory	fosforowodór	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodory	fosforowodór	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodory	fosforowodór	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorze	fosforowodór	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodorze	fosforowodór	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodór	fosforowodór	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowodór	fosforowodór	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowościach	fosforowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowościami	fosforowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowością	fosforowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowości	fosforowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowościom	fosforowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowość	fosforowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowość	fosforowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforowa	fosforowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforową	fosforowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforową	fosforowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforowe	fosforowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforowe	fosforowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforowe	fosforowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforowe	fosforowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforowego	fosforowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforowego	fosforowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforowej	fosforowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforowej	fosforowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforowej	fosforowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforowemu	fosforowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforowi	fosforowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforowo	fosforowy	adja		
fosforowych	fosforowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforowych	fosforowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforowych	fosforowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforowy	fosforowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforowy	fosforowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforowym	fosforowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforowym	fosforowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforowym	fosforowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforowymi	fosforowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforycznie	fosforycznie	adv:pos		
fosforycznościach	fosforyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforycznościami	fosforyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforycznością	fosforyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczności	fosforyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforycznościom	fosforyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczność	fosforyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczność	fosforyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyczna	fosforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforyczną	fosforyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforyczną	fosforyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforyczne	fosforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyczne	fosforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyczne	fosforyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforyczne	fosforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforycznego	fosforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforycznego	fosforyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforycznej	fosforyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforycznej	fosforyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforycznej	fosforyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforycznemu	fosforyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforyczni	fosforyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforyczno	fosforyczny	adja		
fosforycznych	fosforyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforycznych	fosforyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforycznych	fosforyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyczny	fosforyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforyczny	fosforyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforycznym	fosforyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforycznym	fosforyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforycznym	fosforyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforycznymi	fosforyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforylacjach	fosforylacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacja	fosforylacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacjami	fosforylacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacją	fosforylacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacje	fosforylacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacje	fosforylacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacje	fosforylacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylację	fosforylacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacji	fosforylacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fosforylacji	fosforylacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacji	fosforylacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacji	fosforylacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacjo	fosforylacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacjom	fosforylacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforylacyj	fosforylacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fosforynach	fosforyn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynami	fosforyn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynem	fosforyn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyn	fosforyn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyn	fosforyn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynie	fosforyn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynie	fosforyn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynom	fosforyn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynowi	fosforyn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynów	fosforyn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforynu	fosforyn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyny	fosforyn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyny	fosforyn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyny	fosforyn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforycie	fosforyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforycie	fosforyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytach	fosforyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytami	fosforyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytem	fosforyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyt	fosforyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyt	fosforyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytom	fosforyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowi	fosforyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytów	fosforyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytu	fosforyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyty	fosforyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyty	fosforyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyty	fosforyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowościach	fosforytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowościami	fosforytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowością	fosforytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowości	fosforytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowościom	fosforytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowość	fosforytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowość	fosforytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytowa	fosforytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforytową	fosforytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforytową	fosforytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforytowe	fosforytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytowe	fosforytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytowe	fosforytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowe	fosforytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowego	fosforytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforytowego	fosforytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowej	fosforytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforytowej	fosforytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforytowej	fosforytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforytowemu	fosforytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowi	fosforytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforytowo	fosforytowy	adja		
fosforytowych	fosforytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforytowych	fosforytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytowych	fosforytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytowy	fosforytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforytowy	fosforytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforytowym	fosforytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytowym	fosforytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowym	fosforytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforytowymi	fosforytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforytyzacjach	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacja	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacjami	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacją	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacje	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacje	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacje	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzację	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacji	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fosforytyzacji	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacji	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacji	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacjo	fosforytyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacjom	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforytyzacyj	fosforytyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fosforyzować	fosforyzować	inf:imperf		
fosforyzowaliby	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowalibyście	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowalibyśmy	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowali	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fosforyzowali	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowaliście	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowaliśmy	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałaby	fosforyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałabym	fosforyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałabyś	fosforyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowała	fosforyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fosforyzowała	fosforyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałam	fosforyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałaś	fosforyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowałby	fosforyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałbym	fosforyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałbyś	fosforyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowałem	fosforyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałeś	fosforyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fosforyzował	fosforyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fosforyzował	fosforyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałoby	fosforyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałobym	fosforyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałobyś	fosforyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowało	fosforyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fosforyzowało	fosforyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałom	fosforyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowałoś	fosforyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowałyby	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałybyście	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowałybyśmy	fosforyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowały	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fosforyzowały	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fosforyzowałyście	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fosforyzowałyśmy	fosforyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fosforyzowaniach	fosforyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowania	fosforyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowania	fosforyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowaniami	fosforyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowanie	fosforyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowaniem	fosforyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowaniom	fosforyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowaniu	fosforyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzowano	fosforyzować	imps:imperf		
fosforyzowań	fosforyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzująca	fosforyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującą	fosforyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującego	fosforyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującego	fosforyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującej	fosforyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującemu	fosforyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzując	fosforyzować	pcon:imperf		
fosforyzująco	fosforyzować	pacta		
fosforyzujących	fosforyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujących	fosforyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującym	fosforyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującym	fosforyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fosforyzującymi	fosforyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fosforyzują	fosforyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fosforyzujcie	fosforyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fosforyzujecie	fosforyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fosforyzuje	fosforyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fosforyzujemy	fosforyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fosforyzujesz	fosforyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fosforyzuję	fosforyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fosforyzuj	fosforyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fosforyzujmy	fosforyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fosforyzująco	fosforyzująco	adv:pos		
fosforyzującościach	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującościami	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującością	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującości	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującościom	fosforyzującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującość	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzującość	fosforyzującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosforyzująca	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosforyzującą	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosforyzującą	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzujące	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzującego	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosforyzującego	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzującej	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosforyzującej	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosforyzującej	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosforyzującemu	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzująco	fosforyzujący	adja		
fosforyzujących	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforyzujących	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyzujących	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosforyzujący	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosforyzującym	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforyzującym	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzującym	fosforyzujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosforyzującymi	fosforyzujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosforach	fosfór	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforami	fosfór	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforem	fosfór	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforom	fosfór	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforowi	fosfór	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforów	fosfór	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforu	fosfór	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfór	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfór	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfory	fosfór	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforze	fosfór	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosforze	fosfór	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfór	fosfór	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosfór	fosfór	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fosgenach	fosgen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenami	fosgen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenem	fosgen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgen	fosgen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgen	fosgen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenie	fosgen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenie	fosgen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenom	fosgen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenowi	fosgen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenów	fosgen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenu	fosgen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgeny	fosgen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgeny	fosgen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgeny	fosgen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenicie	fosgenit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenicie	fosgenit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitach	fosgenit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitami	fosgenit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitem	fosgenit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenit	fosgenit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenit	fosgenit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitom	fosgenit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitowi	fosgenit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitów	fosgenit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenitu	fosgenit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenity	fosgenit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenity	fosgenit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosgenity	fosgenit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fosyliach	fosylia	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosylia	fosylia	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosylia	fosylia	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosylia	fosylia	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosyliami	fosylia	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosyliom	fosylia	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosyliów	fosylia	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
fosylizacjach	fosylizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacja	fosylizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacjami	fosylizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacją	fosylizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacje	fosylizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacje	fosylizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacje	fosylizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizację	fosylizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacji	fosylizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fosylizacji	fosylizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacji	fosylizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacji	fosylizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacjo	fosylizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacjom	fosylizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyj	fosylizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fosylizacyjnościach	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjnościami	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjnością	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjności	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjnościom	fosylizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjność	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjność	fosylizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fosylizacyjna	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fosylizacyjną	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fosylizacyjną	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fosylizacyjne	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosylizacyjne	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fosylizacyjne	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjne	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjnego	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fosylizacyjnego	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjnej	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fosylizacyjnej	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fosylizacyjnej	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fosylizacyjnemu	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjni	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fosylizacyjno	fosylizacyjny	adja		
fosylizacyjnych	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fosylizacyjnych	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosylizacyjnych	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosylizacyjny	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fosylizacyjny	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fosylizacyjnym	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fosylizacyjnym	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjnym	fosylizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fosylizacyjnymi	fosylizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
foszmanach	foszman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanami	foszman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanem	foszman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszman	foszman	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszman	foszman	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanie	foszman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanie	foszman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanom	foszman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanowi	foszman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanów	foszman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmanu	foszman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmany	foszman	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmany	foszman	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foszmany	foszman	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focie	fot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
focie	fot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotach	fot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fota	fot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotami	fot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotem	fot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fot	fot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fot	fot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotom	fot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotowi	fot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotów	fot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foty	fot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foty	fot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foty	fot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelach	fotel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotela	fotel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelami	fotel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotele	fotel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotele	fotel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotele	fotel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelem	fotel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotel	fotel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotel	fotel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteli	fotel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelom	fotel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowi	fotel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelów	fotel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelu	fotel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelu	fotel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelu	fotel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelikach	fotelik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelika	fotelik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelikami	fotelik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelik	fotelik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelik	fotelik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelikiem	fotelik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteliki	fotelik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteliki	fotelik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteliki	fotelik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelikom	fotelik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelikowi	fotelik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelików	fotelik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteliku	fotelik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foteliku	fotelik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowościach	fotelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowościami	fotelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowością	fotelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowości	fotelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowościom	fotelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowość	fotelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowość	fotelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotelowa	fotelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotelową	fotelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotelową	fotelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotelowe	fotelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotelowe	fotelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotelowe	fotelowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotelowe	fotelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotelowego	fotelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotelowego	fotelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotelowej	fotelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotelowej	fotelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotelowej	fotelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotelowemu	fotelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotelowi	fotelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotelowo	fotelowy	adja		
fotelowych	fotelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotelowych	fotelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotelowych	fotelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotelowy	fotelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotelowy	fotelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotelowym	fotelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotelowym	fotelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotelowym	fotelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotelowymi	fotelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotce	fotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotce	fotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotek	fotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotkach	fotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotka	fotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotkami	fotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotką	fotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotkę	fotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotki	fotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotki	fotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotki	fotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotki	fotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotko	fotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotkom	fotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
foto	foto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
foto	foto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fotoalergiach	fotoalergia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergia	fotoalergia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiami	fotoalergia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergią	fotoalergia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergie	fotoalergia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergie	fotoalergia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergie	fotoalergia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergię	fotoalergia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergii	fotoalergia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotoalergii	fotoalergia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergii	fotoalergia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergii	fotoalergia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergij	fotoalergia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotoalergio	fotoalergia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiom	fotoalergia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergicy	fotoalergik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergicy	fotoalergik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergikach	fotoalergik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergika	fotoalergik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergika	fotoalergik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergikami	fotoalergik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergik	fotoalergik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergikiem	fotoalergik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiki	fotoalergik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiki	fotoalergik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergikom	fotoalergik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergikowi	fotoalergik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergików	fotoalergik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergików	fotoalergik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiku	fotoalergik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoalergiku	fotoalergik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorach	fotoamator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatora	fotoamator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatora	fotoamator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorami	fotoamator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorem	fotoamator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamator	fotoamator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorom	fotoamator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorowi	fotoamator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorów	fotoamator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorów	fotoamator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatory	fotoamator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatory	fotoamator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorze	fotoamator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorze	fotoamator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorzy	fotoamator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorzy	fotoamator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorce	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorce	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorek	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorkach	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorka	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorkami	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorką	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorkę	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorki	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorki	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorki	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorki	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorko	fotoamatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorkom	fotoamatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorscy	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoamatorska	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoamatorską	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoamatorską	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoamatorskich	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoamatorskich	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorskich	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorskie	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorskie	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorskie	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorskie	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorskiego	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoamatorskiego	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorskiej	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoamatorskiej	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoamatorskiej	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoamatorskiemu	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorski	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoamatorski	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoamatorskim	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorskim	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorskim	fotoamatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoamatorskimi	fotoamatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoamatorsko	fotoamatorski	adja		
fotoamatorsku	fotoamatorski	adjp		
fotoamatorsko	fotoamatorsko	adv:pos		
fotoamatorskościach	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskościami	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskością	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskości	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskościom	fotoamatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskość	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoamatorskość	fotoamatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofach	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofami	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofem	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrof	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrof	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofie	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofie	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofom	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofowi	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofów	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofu	fotoautotrof	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofy	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofy	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoautotrofy	fotoautotrof	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologiach	fotobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologia	fotobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologiami	fotobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologią	fotobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologie	fotobiologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologie	fotobiologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologie	fotobiologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologię	fotobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologii	fotobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotobiologii	fotobiologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologii	fotobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologii	fotobiologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologij	fotobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotobiologio	fotobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotobiologiom	fotobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiach	fotochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemia	fotochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiami	fotochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemią	fotochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemie	fotochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemie	fotochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemie	fotochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemię	fotochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemii	fotochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotochemii	fotochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemii	fotochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemii	fotochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemij	fotochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotochemio	fotochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiom	fotochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemicznościach	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemicznościami	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemicznością	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczności	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemicznościom	fotochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczność	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczność	fotochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemiczna	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotochemiczną	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotochemiczną	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotochemiczne	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemiczne	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemiczne	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotochemiczne	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotochemicznego	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotochemicznego	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochemicznej	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotochemicznej	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotochemicznej	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotochemicznemu	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochemiczni	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotochemiczno	fotochemiczny	adja		
fotochemicznych	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotochemicznych	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemicznych	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemiczny	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotochemiczny	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotochemicznym	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemicznym	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochemicznym	fotochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochemicznymi	fotochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochemigrafiach	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafia	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiami	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafią	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafie	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafie	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafie	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafię	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafii	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotochemigrafii	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafii	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafii	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafij	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotochemigrafio	fotochemigrafia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiom	fotochemigrafia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigraficy	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigraficy	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikach	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafika	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafika	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikami	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafik	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikiem	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikom	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikowi	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafików	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafików	fotochemigrafik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiku	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiku	fotochemigrafik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafice	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafice	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikach	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafika	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikami	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiką	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikę	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafik	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiki	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafiko	fotochemigrafika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochemigrafikom	fotochemigrafika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromach	fotochrom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromami	fotochrom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromem	fotochrom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochrom	fotochrom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochrom	fotochrom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromie	fotochrom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromie	fotochrom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromom	fotochrom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowi	fotochrom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromów	fotochrom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromu	fotochrom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromy	fotochrom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromy	fotochrom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromy	fotochrom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromiach	fotochromia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromia	fotochromia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromiami	fotochromia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromią	fotochromia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromie	fotochromia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromie	fotochromia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromie	fotochromia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromię	fotochromia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromii	fotochromia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotochromii	fotochromia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromii	fotochromia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromii	fotochromia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromij	fotochromia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotochromio	fotochromia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromiom	fotochromia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografiach	fotochromografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografia	fotochromografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografiami	fotochromografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografią	fotochromografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografie	fotochromografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografie	fotochromografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografie	fotochromografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografię	fotochromografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografii	fotochromografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotochromografii	fotochromografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografii	fotochromografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografii	fotochromografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografij	fotochromografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotochromografio	fotochromografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromografiom	fotochromografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowościach	fotochromowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowościami	fotochromowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowością	fotochromowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowości	fotochromowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowościom	fotochromowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowość	fotochromowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowość	fotochromowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotochromowa	fotochromowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotochromową	fotochromowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotochromową	fotochromowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotochromowe	fotochromowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotochromowe	fotochromowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotochromowe	fotochromowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowe	fotochromowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowego	fotochromowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotochromowego	fotochromowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowej	fotochromowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotochromowej	fotochromowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotochromowej	fotochromowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotochromowemu	fotochromowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowi	fotochromowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotochromowo	fotochromowy	adja		
fotochromowych	fotochromowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotochromowych	fotochromowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochromowych	fotochromowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochromowy	fotochromowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotochromowy	fotochromowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotochromowym	fotochromowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotochromowym	fotochromowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowym	fotochromowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotochromowymi	fotochromowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotocynkografiach	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografia	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografiami	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografią	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografie	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografie	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografie	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografię	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografii	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotocynkografii	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografii	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografii	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografij	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotocynkografio	fotocynkografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotocynkografiom	fotocynkografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozach	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatoza	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozami	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozą	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozę	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatoz	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozie	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozie	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozo	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozom	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozy	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozy	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozy	fotodermatoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodermatozy	fotodermatoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorach	fotodetektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektora	fotodetektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorami	fotodetektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorem	fotodetektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektor	fotodetektor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektor	fotodetektor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorom	fotodetektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorowi	fotodetektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorów	fotodetektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektory	fotodetektor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektory	fotodetektor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektory	fotodetektor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorze	fotodetektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodetektorze	fotodetektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodach	fotodioda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodioda	fotodioda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodami	fotodioda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodą	fotodioda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodę	fotodioda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiod	fotodioda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodo	fotodioda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodom	fotodioda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiody	fotodioda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiody	fotodioda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiody	fotodioda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiody	fotodioda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodzie	fotodioda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodiodzie	fotodioda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacjach	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacja	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacjami	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacją	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacje	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacje	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacje	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentację	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacji	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotodokumentacji	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacji	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacji	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacjo	fotodokumentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacjom	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodokumentacyj	fotodokumentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotodrukach	fotodruk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodrukami	fotodruk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruk	fotodruk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruk	fotodruk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodrukiem	fotodruk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruki	fotodruk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruki	fotodruk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruki	fotodruk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodrukom	fotodruk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodrukowi	fotodruk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruków	fotodruk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruku	fotodruk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruku	fotodruk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodruku	fotodruk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacjach	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacja	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacjami	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacją	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacje	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacje	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacje	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjację	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacji	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotodysocjacji	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacji	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacji	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacjo	fotodysocjacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacjom	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotodysocjacyj	fotodysocjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotoedytorach	fotoedytor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytora	fotoedytor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytora	fotoedytor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorami	fotoedytor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorem	fotoedytor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytor	fotoedytor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorom	fotoedytor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorowi	fotoedytor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorów	fotoedytor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorów	fotoedytor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytory	fotoedytor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytory	fotoedytor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorze	fotoedytor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorze	fotoedytor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorzy	fotoedytor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoedytorzy	fotoedytor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronach	fotoelektron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronami	fotoelektron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronem	fotoelektron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektron	fotoelektron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektron	fotoelektron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronie	fotoelektron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronie	fotoelektron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronom	fotoelektron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowi	fotoelektron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronów	fotoelektron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronu	fotoelektron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrony	fotoelektron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrony	fotoelektron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrony	fotoelektron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowościach	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowościami	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowością	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowości	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowościom	fotoelektronowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowość	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowość	fotoelektronowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektronowa	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoelektronową	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoelektronową	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoelektronowe	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektronowe	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektronowe	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowe	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowego	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoelektronowego	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowej	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoelektronowej	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoelektronowej	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoelektronowemu	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowi	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoelektronowo	fotoelektronowy	adja		
fotoelektronowych	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoelektronowych	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektronowych	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektronowy	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoelektronowy	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoelektronowym	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektronowym	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowym	fotoelektronowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektronowymi	fotoelektronowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektrycznościach	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznościami	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznością	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznościom	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczność	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczność	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznościach	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznościami	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznością	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczności	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektrycznościom	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczność	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczność	fotoelektryczność:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelektryczna	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoelektryczną	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoelektryczną	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoelektryczne	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektryczne	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektryczne	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektryczne	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektrycznego	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoelektrycznego	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektrycznej	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoelektrycznej	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoelektrycznej	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoelektrycznemu	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektryczni	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoelektryczno	fotoelektryczny	adja		
fotoelektrycznych	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoelektrycznych	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektrycznych	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektryczny	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoelektryczny	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoelektrycznym	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelektrycznym	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektrycznym	fotoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoelektrycznymi	fotoelektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoelemencie	fotoelement	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelemencie	fotoelement	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementach	fotoelement	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementami	fotoelement	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementem	fotoelement	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelement	fotoelement	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelement	fotoelement	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementom	fotoelement	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementowi	fotoelement	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementów	fotoelement	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementu	fotoelement	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementy	fotoelement	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementy	fotoelement	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoelementy	fotoelement	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisjach	fotoemisja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisja	fotoemisja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisjami	fotoemisja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisją	fotoemisja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisje	fotoemisja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisje	fotoemisja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisje	fotoemisja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisję	fotoemisja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisji	fotoemisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotoemisji	fotoemisja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisji	fotoemisja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisji	fotoemisja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisjo	fotoemisja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisjom	fotoemisja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyj	fotoemisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotoemisyjnościach	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjnościami	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjnością	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjności	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjnościom	fotoemisyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjność	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjność	fotoemisyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoemisyjna	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoemisyjną	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoemisyjną	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoemisyjne	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoemisyjne	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoemisyjne	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjne	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjnego	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoemisyjnego	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjnej	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoemisyjnej	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoemisyjnej	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoemisyjnemu	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjni	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoemisyjno	fotoemisyjny	adja		
fotoemisyjnych	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoemisyjnych	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoemisyjnych	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoemisyjny	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoemisyjny	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoemisyjnym	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoemisyjnym	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjnym	fotoemisyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoemisyjnymi	fotoemisyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotofonach	fotofon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonami	fotofon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonem	fotofon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofon	fotofon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofon	fotofon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonie	fotofon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonie	fotofon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonom	fotofon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonowi	fotofon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonów	fotofon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofonu	fotofon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofony	fotofon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofony	fotofon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotofony	fotofon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiach	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemia	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiami	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemią	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemie	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemie	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemie	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemię	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemii	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotogalwanochemii	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemii	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemii	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemij	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotogalwanochemio	fotogalwanochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiom	fotogalwanochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemicznościach	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemicznościami	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemicznością	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczności	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemicznościom	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczność	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczność	fotogalwanochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogalwanochemiczna	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczną	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczną	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczne	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczne	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczne	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczne	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznego	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznego	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznej	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznej	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznej	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznemu	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczni	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczno	fotogalwanochemiczny	adja		
fotogalwanochemicznych	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznych	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznych	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczny	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotogalwanochemiczny	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznym	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznym	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznym	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogalwanochemicznymi	fotogalwanochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogazetce	fotogazetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetce	fotogazetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetek	fotogazetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetkach	fotogazetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetka	fotogazetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetkami	fotogazetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetką	fotogazetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetkę	fotogazetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetki	fotogazetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetki	fotogazetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetki	fotogazetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetki	fotogazetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetko	fotogazetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogazetkom	fotogazetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogenicznie	fotogenicznie	adv:pos		
fotogenicznościach	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogenicznościami	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogenicznością	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczności	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogenicznościom	fotogeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczność	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczność	fotogeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogeniczna	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotogeniczną	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotogeniczną	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotogeniczne	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogeniczne	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogeniczne	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogeniczne	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogenicznego	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotogenicznego	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogenicznej	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotogenicznej	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotogenicznej	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotogenicznemu	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogeniczni	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogeniczno	fotogeniczny	adja		
fotogenicznych	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogenicznych	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogenicznych	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogeniczny	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotogeniczny	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotogenicznym	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogenicznym	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogenicznym	fotogeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogenicznymi	fotogeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotografach	fotograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografa	fotograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografa	fotograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografami	fotograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografem	fotograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotograf	fotograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografie	fotograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografie	fotograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografom	fotograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografowie	fotograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografowie	fotograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografowi	fotograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografów	fotograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografów	fotograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografy	fotograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotografy	fotograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiach	fotografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografia	fotografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiami	fotografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografią	fotografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografie	fotografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografie	fotografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografie	fotografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografię	fotografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografii	fotografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotografii	fotografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografii	fotografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografii	fotografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografij	fotografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotografio	fotografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiom	fotografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzce	fotograficzka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzce	fotograficzka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzek	fotograficzka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzkach	fotograficzka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzka	fotograficzka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzkami	fotograficzka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzką	fotograficzka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzkę	fotograficzka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzki	fotograficzka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzki	fotograficzka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzki	fotograficzka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzki	fotograficzka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzko	fotograficzka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzkom	fotograficzka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficznie	fotograficznie	adv:pos		
fotograficznościach	fotograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficznościami	fotograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficznością	fotograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzności	fotograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficznościom	fotograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzność	fotograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzność	fotograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficzna	fotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotograficzną	fotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotograficzną	fotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotograficzne	fotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotograficzne	fotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotograficzne	fotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotograficzne	fotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotograficznego	fotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotograficznego	fotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotograficznej	fotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotograficznej	fotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotograficznej	fotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotograficznemu	fotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotograficzni	fotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotograficzno	fotograficzny	adja		
fotograficznych	fotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotograficznych	fotograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotograficznych	fotograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotograficzny	fotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotograficzny	fotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotograficznym	fotograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotograficznym	fotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotograficznym	fotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotograficznymi	fotograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotografijce	fotografijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijce	fotografijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijek	fotografijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijkach	fotografijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijka	fotografijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijkami	fotografijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijką	fotografijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijkę	fotografijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijki	fotografijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijki	fotografijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijki	fotografijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijki	fotografijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijko	fotografijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografijkom	fotografijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficy	fotografik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotograficy	fotografik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikach	fotografik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografika	fotografik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografika	fotografik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikami	fotografik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografik	fotografik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikiem	fotografik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikom	fotografik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikowi	fotografik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografików	fotografik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografików	fotografik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiku	fotografik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiku	fotografik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotografice	fotografika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografice	fotografika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikach	fotografika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografika	fotografika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikami	fotografika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiką	fotografika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikę	fotografika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografik	fotografika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiki	fotografika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografiko	fotografika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografikom	fotografika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografistach	fotografista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografista	fotografista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistami	fotografista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistą	fotografista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistę	fotografista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografisto	fotografista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistom	fotografista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistów	fotografista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistów	fotografista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografisty	fotografista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografisty	fotografista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografisty	fotografista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografiście	fotografista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografiście	fotografista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografiści	fotografista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografiści	fotografista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistce	fotografistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistce	fotografistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistek	fotografistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistkach	fotografistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistka	fotografistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistkami	fotografistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistką	fotografistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistkę	fotografistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistki	fotografistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistki	fotografistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistki	fotografistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistki	fotografistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistko	fotografistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografistkom	fotografistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fotografizmach	fotografizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmami	fotografizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmem	fotografizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizm	fotografizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizm	fotografizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmie	fotografizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmie	fotografizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmom	fotografizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmowi	fotografizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmów	fotografizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmu	fotografizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmy	fotografizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmy	fotografizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografizmy	fotografizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotografce	fotografka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografce	fotografka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografek	fotografka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografkach	fotografka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografka	fotografka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografkami	fotografka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografką	fotografka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografkę	fotografka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografki	fotografka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografki	fotografka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografki	fotografka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografki	fotografka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografko	fotografka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografkom	fotografka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotografować	fotografować	inf:imperf		
fotografowaliby	fotografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fotografowalibyście	fotografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fotografowalibyśmy	fotografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fotografowali	fotografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fotografowali	fotografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fotografowaliście	fotografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fotografowaliśmy	fotografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fotografowałaby	fotografować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fotografowałabym	fotografować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fotografowałabyś	fotografować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fotografowała	fotografować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fotografowała	fotografować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fotografowałam	fotografować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fotografowałaś	fotografować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fotografowałby	fotografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fotografowałbym	fotografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fotografowałbyś	fotografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fotografowałem	fotografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fotografowałeś	fotografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fotografował	fotografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fotografował	fotografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fotografowałoby	fotografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fotografowałobym	fotografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fotografowałobyś	fotografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fotografowało	fotografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fotografowało	fotografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fotografowałom	fotografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fotografowałoś	fotografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fotografowałyby	fotografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fotografowałybyście	fotografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fotografowałybyśmy	fotografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fotografowały	fotografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fotografowały	fotografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fotografowałyście	fotografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fotografowałyśmy	fotografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fotografowana	fotografować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fotografowaną	fotografować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fotografowane	fotografować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografowane	fotografować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowanego	fotografować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fotografowanego	fotografować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowanej	fotografować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fotografowanemu	fotografować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowaniach	fotografować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowania	fotografować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowania	fotografować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowaniami	fotografować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowanie	fotografować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowaniem	fotografować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowani	fotografować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotografowaniom	fotografować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowaniu	fotografować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowano	fotografować	imps:imperf		
fotografowanych	fotografować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotografowanych	fotografować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografowany	fotografować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fotografowany	fotografować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fotografowanym	fotografować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografowanym	fotografować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografowanymi	fotografować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografowań	fotografować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fotografująca	fotografować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fotografującą	fotografować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fotografujące	fotografować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografujące	fotografować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografującego	fotografować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fotografującego	fotografować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografującej	fotografować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fotografującemu	fotografować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografując	fotografować	pcon:imperf		
fotografująco	fotografować	pacta		
fotografujących	fotografować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotografujących	fotografować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografujący	fotografować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotografujący	fotografować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fotografujący	fotografować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fotografującym	fotografować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografującym	fotografować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotografującymi	fotografować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotografują	fotografować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fotografujcie	fotografować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fotografujecie	fotografować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fotografuje	fotografować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fotografujemy	fotografować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fotografujesz	fotografować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fotografuję	fotografować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fotografuj	fotografować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fotografujmy	fotografować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fotogramach	fotogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramami	fotogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramem	fotogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogram	fotogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogram	fotogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramie	fotogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramie	fotogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramom	fotogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramowi	fotogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramów	fotogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramu	fotogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramy	fotogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramy	fotogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogramy	fotogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrach	fotogrametra	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametra	fotogrametra	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrami	fotogrametra	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrą	fotogrametra	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrę	fotogrametra	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametro	fotogrametra	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrom	fotogrametra	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrów	fotogrametra	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrów	fotogrametra	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametry	fotogrametra	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametry	fotogrametra	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametry	fotogrametra	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrze	fotogrametra	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrze	fotogrametra	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrzy	fotogrametra	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrzy	fotogrametra	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametriach	fotogrametria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametria	fotogrametria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametriami	fotogrametria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrią	fotogrametria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrie	fotogrametria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrie	fotogrametria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrie	fotogrametria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrię	fotogrametria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrii	fotogrametria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotogrametrii	fotogrametria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrii	fotogrametria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrii	fotogrametria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrio	fotogrametria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametriom	fotogrametria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryj	fotogrametria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotogrametrycznościach	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrycznościami	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrycznością	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczności	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrycznościom	fotogrametryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczność	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczność	fotogrametryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryczna	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotogrametryczną	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotogrametryczną	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotogrametryczne	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametryczne	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametryczne	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametryczne	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametrycznego	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotogrametrycznego	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametrycznej	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotogrametrycznej	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotogrametrycznej	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotogrametrycznemu	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametryczni	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogrametryczno	fotogrametryczny	adja		
fotogrametrycznych	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotogrametrycznych	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametrycznych	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametryczny	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotogrametryczny	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotogrametrycznym	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametrycznym	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametrycznym	fotogrametryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotogrametrycznymi	fotogrametryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotogrametrystach	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrysta	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystami	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystą	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystę	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrysto	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystom	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystów	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrystów	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrysty	fotogrametrysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrysty	fotogrametrysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametrysty	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryście	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryście	fotogrametrysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryści	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotogrametryści	fotogrametrysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurach	fotograwiura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiura	fotograwiura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurami	fotograwiura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurą	fotograwiura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurę	fotograwiura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiur	fotograwiura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiuro	fotograwiura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurom	fotograwiura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiury	fotograwiura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiury	fotograwiura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiury	fotograwiura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiury	fotograwiura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurze	fotograwiura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotograwiurze	fotograwiura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografach	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografami	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografem	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliograf	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliograf	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografie	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografie	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografom	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografowi	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografów	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografu	fotoheliograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografy	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografy	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoheliografy	fotoheliograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowościach	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowościami	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowością	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowości	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowościom	fotojądrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowość	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowość	fotojądrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojądrowa	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotojądrową	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotojądrową	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotojądrowe	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotojądrowe	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotojądrowe	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowe	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowego	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotojądrowego	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowej	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotojądrowej	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotojądrowej	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotojądrowemu	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowi	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotojądrowo	fotojądrowy	adja		
fotojądrowych	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotojądrowych	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotojądrowych	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotojądrowy	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotojądrowy	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotojądrowym	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotojądrowym	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowym	fotojądrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotojądrowymi	fotojądrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotojonizacjach	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacja	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacjami	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacją	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacje	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacje	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacje	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizację	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacji	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotojonizacji	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacji	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacji	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacjo	fotojonizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacjom	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotojonizacyj	fotojonizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotokarabinach	fotokarabin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinami	fotokarabin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinem	fotokarabin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabin	fotokarabin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabin	fotokarabin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinie	fotokarabin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinie	fotokarabin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinom	fotokarabin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinowi	fotokarabin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinów	fotokarabin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabinu	fotokarabin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabiny	fotokarabin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabiny	fotokarabin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokarabiny	fotokarabin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodach	fotokatoda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatoda	fotokatoda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodami	fotokatoda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodą	fotokatoda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodę	fotokatoda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatod	fotokatoda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodo	fotokatoda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodom	fotokatoda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatody	fotokatoda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatody	fotokatoda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatody	fotokatoda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatody	fotokatoda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodzie	fotokatoda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokatodzie	fotokatoda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezach	fotokineza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokineza	fotokineza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezami	fotokineza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezą	fotokineza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezę	fotokineza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinez	fotokineza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezie	fotokineza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezie	fotokineza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezo	fotokineza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezom	fotokineza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezy	fotokineza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezy	fotokineza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezy	fotokineza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokinezy	fotokineza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórce	fotokomórka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórce	fotokomórka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórek	fotokomórka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkach	fotokomórka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórka	fotokomórka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkami	fotokomórka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórką	fotokomórka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkę	fotokomórka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórki	fotokomórka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórki	fotokomórka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórki	fotokomórka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórki	fotokomórka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórko	fotokomórka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkom	fotokomórka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowościach	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowościami	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowością	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowości	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowościom	fotokomórkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowość	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowość	fotokomórkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokomórkowa	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotokomórkową	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotokomórkową	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotokomórkowe	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotokomórkowe	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotokomórkowe	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowe	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowego	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotokomórkowego	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowej	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotokomórkowej	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotokomórkowej	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotokomórkowemu	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowi	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotokomórkowo	fotokomórkowy	adja		
fotokomórkowych	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotokomórkowych	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokomórkowych	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokomórkowy	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotokomórkowy	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotokomórkowym	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokomórkowym	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowym	fotokomórkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokomórkowymi	fotokomórkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiach	fotokopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopia	fotokopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiami	fotokopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopią	fotokopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopie	fotokopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopie	fotokopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopie	fotokopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopię	fotokopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopii	fotokopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotokopii	fotokopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopii	fotokopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopii	fotokopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopij	fotokopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotokopio	fotokopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiom	fotokopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarce	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarce	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarek	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarkach	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarka	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarkami	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarką	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarkę	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarki	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarki	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarki	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarki	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarko	fotokopiarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarkom	fotokopiarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarscy	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotokopiarska	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotokopiarską	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotokopiarską	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotokopiarskich	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotokopiarskich	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarskich	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarskie	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarskie	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarskie	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarskie	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarskiego	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotokopiarskiego	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarskiej	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotokopiarskiej	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotokopiarskiej	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotokopiarskiemu	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarski	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotokopiarski	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotokopiarskim	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarskim	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarskim	fotokopiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotokopiarskimi	fotokopiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotokopiarsko	fotokopiarski	adja		
fotokopiarsku	fotokopiarski	adjp		
fotokopiarsko	fotokopiarsko	adv:pos		
fotokopiarskościach	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskościami	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskością	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskości	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskościom	fotokopiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskość	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotokopiarskość	fotokopiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabach	fotolab	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabami	fotolab	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabem	fotolab	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolab	fotolab	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolab	fotolab	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabie	fotolab	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabie	fotolab	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabom	fotolab	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabowi	fotolab	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabów	fotolab	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolabu	fotolab	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaby	fotolab	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaby	fotolab	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaby	fotolab	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoriach	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoria	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoria	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoria	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoriami	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoriom	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratoriów	fotolaboratorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolaboratorium	fotolaboratorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografiach	fotolitografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografia	fotolitografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografiami	fotolitografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografią	fotolitografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografie	fotolitografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografie	fotolitografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografie	fotolitografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografię	fotolitografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografii	fotolitografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotolitografii	fotolitografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografii	fotolitografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografii	fotolitografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografij	fotolitografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotolitografio	fotolitografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolitografiom	fotolitografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizach	fotoliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoliza	fotoliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizami	fotoliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizą	fotoliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizę	fotoliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoliz	fotoliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizie	fotoliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizie	fotoliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizo	fotoliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizom	fotoliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizy	fotoliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizy	fotoliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizy	fotoliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolizy	fotoliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczościach	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczościami	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczością	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczości	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczościom	fotolotniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczość	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotniczość	fotolotniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotolotnicza	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotolotniczą	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotolotniczą	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotolotnicze	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotolotnicze	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotolotnicze	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotolotnicze	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotolotniczego	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotolotniczego	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotolotniczej	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotolotniczej	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotolotniczej	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotolotniczemu	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotolotniczo	fotolotniczy	adja		
fotolotniczych	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotolotniczych	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotolotniczych	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotolotniczy	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotolotniczy	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotolotniczy	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotolotniczym	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotolotniczym	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotolotniczym	fotolotniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotolotniczymi	fotolotniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoluminescencjach	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencja	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencjami	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencją	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencje	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencje	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencje	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencję	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencji	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotoluminescencji	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencji	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencji	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencjo	fotoluminescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencjom	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminescencyj	fotoluminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotoluminoforach	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofora	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforami	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforem	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofor	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofor	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforom	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforowi	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforów	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofory	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofory	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminofory	fotoluminofor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforze	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoluminoforze	fotoluminofor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapach	fotomapa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapa	fotomapa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapami	fotomapa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapą	fotomapa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapę	fotomapa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomap	fotomapa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapie	fotomapa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapie	fotomapa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapo	fotomapa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapom	fotomapa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapy	fotomapa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapy	fotomapa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapy	fotomapa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomapy	fotomapa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonach	fotomaton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonami	fotomaton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonem	fotomaton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomaton	fotomaton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomaton	fotomaton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonie	fotomaton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonie	fotomaton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonom	fotomaton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonowi	fotomaton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonów	fotomaton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatonu	fotomaton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatony	fotomaton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatony	fotomaton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomatony	fotomaton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechanicznie	fotomechanicznie	adv:pos		
fotomechanicznościach	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechanicznościami	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechanicznością	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczności	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechanicznościom	fotomechaniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczność	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczność	fotomechaniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomechaniczna	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotomechaniczną	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotomechaniczną	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotomechaniczne	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomechaniczne	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomechaniczne	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomechaniczne	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomechanicznego	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotomechanicznego	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomechanicznej	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotomechanicznej	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotomechanicznej	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotomechanicznemu	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomechaniczni	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomechaniczno	fotomechaniczny	adja		
fotomechanicznych	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomechanicznych	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomechanicznych	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomechaniczny	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotomechaniczny	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotomechanicznym	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomechanicznym	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomechanicznym	fotomechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomechanicznymi	fotomechaniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotometeorach	fotometeor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorami	fotometeor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorem	fotometeor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeor	fotometeor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeor	fotometeor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorom	fotometeor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorowi	fotometeor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorów	fotometeor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeoru	fotometeor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeory	fotometeor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeory	fotometeor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeory	fotometeor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorze	fotometeor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometeorze	fotometeor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrach	fotometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrami	fotometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrem	fotometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometr	fotometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometr	fotometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrom	fotometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrowi	fotometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrów	fotometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometru	fotometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometry	fotometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometry	fotometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometry	fotometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrze	fotometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrze	fotometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotometriach	fotometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometria	fotometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometriami	fotometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrią	fotometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrie	fotometria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrie	fotometria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrie	fotometria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrię	fotometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrii	fotometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotometrii	fotometria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrii	fotometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrii	fotometria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrio	fotometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometriom	fotometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryj	fotometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotometrycznościach	fotometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrycznościami	fotometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrycznością	fotometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczności	fotometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometrycznościom	fotometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczność	fotometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczność	fotometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotometryczna	fotometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotometryczną	fotometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotometryczną	fotometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotometryczne	fotometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotometryczne	fotometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotometryczne	fotometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotometryczne	fotometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotometrycznego	fotometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotometrycznego	fotometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotometrycznej	fotometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotometrycznej	fotometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotometrycznej	fotometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotometrycznemu	fotometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotometryczni	fotometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotometryczno	fotometryczny	adja		
fotometrycznych	fotometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotometrycznych	fotometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotometrycznych	fotometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotometryczny	fotometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotometryczny	fotometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotometrycznym	fotometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotometrycznym	fotometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotometrycznym	fotometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotometrycznymi	fotometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrografiach	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografia	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografiami	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografią	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografie	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografie	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografie	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografię	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografii	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotomikrografii	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografii	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografii	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografij	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotomikrografio	fotomikrografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrografiom	fotomikrografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficznościach	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficznościami	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficznością	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzności	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficznościom	fotomikrograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzność	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzność	fotomikrograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomikrograficzna	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotomikrograficzną	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotomikrograficzną	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotomikrograficzne	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrograficzne	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrograficzne	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficzne	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficznego	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotomikrograficznego	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficznej	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotomikrograficznej	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotomikrograficznej	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotomikrograficznemu	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficzni	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomikrograficzno	fotomikrograficzny	adja		
fotomikrograficznych	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomikrograficznych	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrograficznych	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrograficzny	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotomikrograficzny	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotomikrograficznym	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomikrograficznym	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficznym	fotomikrograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomikrograficznymi	fotomikrograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomodelce	fotomodelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelce	fotomodelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelek	fotomodelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelkach	fotomodelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelka	fotomodelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelkami	fotomodelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelką	fotomodelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelkę	fotomodelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelki	fotomodelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelki	fotomodelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelki	fotomodelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelki	fotomodelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelko	fotomodelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomodelkom	fotomodelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażach	fotomontaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażami	fotomontaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaże	fotomontaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaże	fotomontaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaże	fotomontaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażem	fotomontaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaż	fotomontaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaż	fotomontaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażom	fotomontaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowi	fotomontaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażów	fotomontaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażu	fotomontaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażu	fotomontaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażu	fotomontaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontaży	fotomontaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowościach	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowościami	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowością	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowości	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowościom	fotomontażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowość	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowość	fotomontażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomontażowa	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotomontażową	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotomontażową	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotomontażowe	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontażowe	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontażowe	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowe	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowego	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotomontażowego	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowej	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotomontażowej	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotomontażowej	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotomontażowemu	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowi	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomontażowo	fotomontażowy	adja		
fotomontażowych	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotomontażowych	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontażowych	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontażowy	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotomontażowy	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotomontażowym	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontażowym	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowym	fotomontażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotomontażowymi	fotomontażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotomontować	fotomontować	inf:imperf		
fotomontowaliby	fotomontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fotomontowalibyście	fotomontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fotomontowalibyśmy	fotomontować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fotomontowali	fotomontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fotomontowali	fotomontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fotomontowaliście	fotomontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fotomontowaliśmy	fotomontować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałaby	fotomontować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałabym	fotomontować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałabyś	fotomontować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fotomontowała	fotomontować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fotomontowała	fotomontować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałam	fotomontować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałaś	fotomontować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fotomontowałby	fotomontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałbym	fotomontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałbyś	fotomontować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fotomontowałem	fotomontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałeś	fotomontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fotomontował	fotomontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fotomontował	fotomontować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałoby	fotomontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałobym	fotomontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałobyś	fotomontować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fotomontowało	fotomontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fotomontowało	fotomontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałom	fotomontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fotomontowałoś	fotomontować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fotomontowałyby	fotomontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałybyście	fotomontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fotomontowałybyśmy	fotomontować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fotomontowały	fotomontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fotomontowały	fotomontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fotomontowałyście	fotomontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fotomontowałyśmy	fotomontować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fotomontowana	fotomontować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaną	fotomontować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontowane	fotomontować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowane	fotomontować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanego	fotomontować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanego	fotomontować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanej	fotomontować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanemu	fotomontować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaniach	fotomontować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowania	fotomontować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowania	fotomontować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaniami	fotomontować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanie	fotomontować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaniem	fotomontować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowani	fotomontować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaniom	fotomontować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowaniu	fotomontować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowano	fotomontować	imps:imperf		
fotomontowanych	fotomontować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanych	fotomontować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowany	fotomontować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowany	fotomontować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanym	fotomontować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanym	fotomontować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontowanymi	fotomontować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontowań	fotomontować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontująca	fotomontować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontującą	fotomontować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontujące	fotomontować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontujące	fotomontować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontującego	fotomontować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fotomontującego	fotomontować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontującej	fotomontować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fotomontującemu	fotomontować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontując	fotomontować	pcon:imperf		
fotomontująco	fotomontować	pacta		
fotomontujących	fotomontować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotomontujących	fotomontować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontujący	fotomontować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fotomontujący	fotomontować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fotomontujący	fotomontować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fotomontującym	fotomontować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontującym	fotomontować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fotomontującymi	fotomontować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fotomontują	fotomontować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fotomontujcie	fotomontować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fotomontujecie	fotomontować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fotomontuje	fotomontować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fotomontujemy	fotomontować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fotomontujesz	fotomontować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fotomontuję	fotomontować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fotomontuj	fotomontować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fotomontujmy	fotomontować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fotomorfozach	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfoza	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozami	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozą	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozę	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfoz	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozie	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozie	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozo	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozom	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozy	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozy	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozy	fotomorfoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotomorfozy	fotomorfoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonach	foton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonami	foton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonem	foton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foton	foton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foton	foton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonie	foton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonie	foton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonom	foton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowi	foton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonów	foton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonu	foton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotony	foton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotony	foton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotony	foton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastiach	fotonastia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastia	fotonastia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastiami	fotonastia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastią	fotonastia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastie	fotonastia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastie	fotonastia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastie	fotonastia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastię	fotonastia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastii	fotonastia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotonastii	fotonastia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastii	fotonastia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastii	fotonastia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastio	fotonastia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastiom	fotonastia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonastyj	fotonastia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotonowościach	fotonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowościami	fotonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowością	fotonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowości	fotonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowościom	fotonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowość	fotonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowość	fotonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonowa	fotonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotonową	fotonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotonową	fotonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotonowe	fotonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotonowe	fotonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotonowe	fotonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotonowe	fotonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotonowego	fotonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotonowego	fotonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotonowej	fotonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotonowej	fotonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotonowej	fotonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotonowemu	fotonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotonowi	fotonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotonowo	fotonowy	adja		
fotonowych	fotonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotonowych	fotonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotonowych	fotonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotonowy	fotonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotonowy	fotonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotonowym	fotonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotonowym	fotonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotonowym	fotonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotonowymi	fotonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotonówce	fotonówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówce	fotonówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówek	fotonówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówkach	fotonówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówka	fotonówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówkami	fotonówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówką	fotonówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówkę	fotonówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówki	fotonówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówki	fotonówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówki	fotonówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówki	fotonówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówko	fotonówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotonówkom	fotonówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniach	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychania	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychania	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychania	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychania	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniami	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychanie	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychanie	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychanie	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniem	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniom	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniu	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychaniu	fotooddychanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooddychań	fotooddychanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsecie	fotooffset	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsecie	fotooffset	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetach	fotooffset	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetami	fotooffset	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetem	fotooffset	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffset	fotooffset	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffset	fotooffset	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetom	fotooffset	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowi	fotooffset	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetów	fotooffset	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetu	fotooffset	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsety	fotooffset	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsety	fotooffset	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsety	fotooffset	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowościach	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowościami	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowością	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowości	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowościom	fotooffsetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowość	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowość	fotooffsetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotooffsetowa	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotooffsetową	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotooffsetową	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotooffsetowe	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotooffsetowe	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotooffsetowe	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowe	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowego	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotooffsetowego	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowej	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotooffsetowej	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotooffsetowej	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotooffsetowemu	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowi	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotooffsetowo	fotooffsetowy	adja		
fotooffsetowych	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotooffsetowych	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotooffsetowych	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotooffsetowy	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotooffsetowy	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotooffsetowym	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotooffsetowym	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowym	fotooffsetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotooffsetowymi	fotooffsetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoogniwach	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwa	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwa	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwa	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwa	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwami	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwem	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniw	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwie	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwo	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwo	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwo	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwom	fotoogniwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoogniwu	fotoogniwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodach	fotoperiod	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodami	fotoperiod	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodem	fotoperiod	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiod	fotoperiod	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiod	fotoperiod	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodom	fotoperiod	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodowi	fotoperiod	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodów	fotoperiod	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodu	fotoperiod	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiody	fotoperiod	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiody	fotoperiod	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiody	fotoperiod	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodzie	fotoperiod	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodzie	fotoperiod	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodycznościach	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodycznościami	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodycznością	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczności	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodycznościom	fotoperiodyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczność	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczność	fotoperiodyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyczna	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoperiodyczną	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoperiodyczną	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoperiodyczne	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodyczne	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodyczne	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodyczne	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodycznego	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoperiodycznego	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodycznej	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoperiodycznej	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoperiodycznej	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoperiodycznemu	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodyczni	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoperiodyczno	fotoperiodyczny	adja		
fotoperiodycznych	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoperiodycznych	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodycznych	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodyczny	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoperiodyczny	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoperiodycznym	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodycznym	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodycznym	fotoperiodyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoperiodycznymi	fotoperiodyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoperiodyzmach	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmami	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmem	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzm	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzm	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmie	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmie	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmom	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmowi	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmów	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmu	fotoperiodyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmy	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmy	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoperiodyzmy	fotoperiodyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanach	fotoplan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanami	fotoplan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanem	fotoplan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplan	fotoplan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplan	fotoplan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanie	fotoplan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanie	fotoplan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanom	fotoplan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanowi	fotoplan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanów	fotoplan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplanu	fotoplan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplany	fotoplan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplany	fotoplan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplany	fotoplan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonach	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonami	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonem	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikon	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikon	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonie	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonie	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonom	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonowi	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonów	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikonu	fotoplastikon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikony	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikony	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastikony	fotoplastikon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonach	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonami	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonem	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykon	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykon	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonie	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonie	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonom	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonowi	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonów	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykonu	fotoplastykon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykony	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykony	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoplastykony	fotoplastykon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczach	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczach	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacza	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacza	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczami	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczami	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacze	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczem	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczem	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacz	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacz	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielacz	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielacz	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczom	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczom	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczowi	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowi	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczów	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczu	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczu	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczu	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczu	fotopowielacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fotopowielaczy	fotopowielacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowościach	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowościami	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowością	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowości	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowościom	fotopowielaczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowość	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowość	fotopowielaczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotopowielaczowa	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotopowielaczową	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotopowielaczową	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotopowielaczowe	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotopowielaczowe	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotopowielaczowe	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowe	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowego	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotopowielaczowego	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowej	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotopowielaczowej	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotopowielaczowej	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotopowielaczowemu	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowi	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotopowielaczowo	fotopowielaczowy	adja		
fotopowielaczowych	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotopowielaczowych	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotopowielaczowych	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotopowielaczowy	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotopowielaczowy	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotopowielaczowym	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotopowielaczowym	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowym	fotopowielaczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotopowielaczowymi	fotopowielaczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoprzewodnictwach	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwa	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwa	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwa	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwa	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwami	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwem	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictw	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwie	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwo	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwo	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwo	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwom	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoprzewodnictwu	fotoprzewodnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkcie	fotopunkt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkcie	fotopunkt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktach	fotopunkt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktami	fotopunkt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktem	fotopunkt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkt	fotopunkt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkt	fotopunkt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktom	fotopunkt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktowi	fotopunkt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktów	fotopunkt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunktu	fotopunkt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkty	fotopunkt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkty	fotopunkt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotopunkty	fotopunkt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarach	fotoradar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarami	fotoradar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarem	fotoradar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradar	fotoradar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradar	fotoradar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarom	fotoradar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarowi	fotoradar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarów	fotoradar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradaru	fotoradar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradary	fotoradar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradary	fotoradar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradary	fotoradar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarze	fotoradar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoradarze	fotoradar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorach	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptora	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorami	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorem	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptor	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptor	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorom	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorowi	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorów	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptory	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptory	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptory	fotoreceptor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorze	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreceptorze	fotoreceptor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażach	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażami	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaże	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaże	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaże	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażem	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaż	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaż	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażom	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażowi	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażów	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażu	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażu	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportażu	fotoreportaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportaży	fotoreportaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterach	fotoreporter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportera	fotoreporter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportera	fotoreporter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterami	fotoreporter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterem	fotoreporter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporter	fotoreporter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterom	fotoreporter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterowi	fotoreporter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterów	fotoreporter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterów	fotoreporter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportery	fotoreporter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreportery	fotoreporter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterze	fotoreporter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterze	fotoreporter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterzy	fotoreporter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterzy	fotoreporter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterce	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterce	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterek	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterkach	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterka	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterkami	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterką	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterkę	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterki	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterki	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterki	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterki	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterko	fotoreporterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterkom	fotoreporterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterscy	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoreporterska	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotoreporterską	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotoreporterską	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotoreporterskich	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotoreporterskich	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreporterskich	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreporterskie	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreporterskie	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreporterskie	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterskie	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterskiego	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotoreporterskiego	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterskiej	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotoreporterskiej	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotoreporterskiej	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotoreporterskiemu	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterski	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotoreporterski	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotoreporterskim	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreporterskim	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterskim	fotoreporterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotoreporterskimi	fotoreporterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotoreportersko	fotoreporterski	adja		
fotoreportersku	fotoreporterski	adjp		
fotoreportersko	fotoreportersko	adv:pos		
fotoreporterskościach	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskościami	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskością	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskości	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskościom	fotoreporterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskość	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoreporterskość	fotoreporterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracjach	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracja	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracjami	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracją	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracje	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracje	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracje	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespirację	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracji	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fotorespiracji	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracji	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracji	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracjo	fotorespiracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracjom	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotorespiracyj	fotorespiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fotorezystorach	fotorezystor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystora	fotorezystor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorami	fotorezystor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorem	fotorezystor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystor	fotorezystor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystor	fotorezystor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorom	fotorezystor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorowi	fotorezystor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorów	fotorezystor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystory	fotorezystor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystory	fotorezystor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystory	fotorezystor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorze	fotorezystor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotorezystorze	fotorezystor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosach	fotos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosami	fotos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosem	fotos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotos	fotos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotos	fotos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosie	fotos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosie	fotos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosom	fotos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosowi	fotos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosów	fotos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosu	fotos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosy	fotos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosy	fotos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosy	fotos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorach	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatora	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorami	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorem	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizator	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizator	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorom	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorowi	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorów	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatory	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatory	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatory	fotosensybilizator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorze	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosensybilizatorze	fotosensybilizator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterach	fotosetter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosettera	fotosetter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterami	fotosetter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterem	fotosetter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetter	fotosetter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetter	fotosetter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterom	fotosetter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterowi	fotosetter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterów	fotosetter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosettery	fotosetter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosettery	fotosetter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosettery	fotosetter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterze	fotosetter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosetterze	fotosetter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferach	fotosfera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfera	fotosfera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferami	fotosfera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferą	fotosfera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferę	fotosfera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfer	fotosfera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfero	fotosfera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferom	fotosfera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfery	fotosfera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfery	fotosfera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfery	fotosfera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosfery	fotosfera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferze	fotosfera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosferze	fotosfera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistach	fotosista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosista	fotosista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistami	fotosista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistą	fotosista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistę	fotosista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosisto	fotosista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistom	fotosista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistów	fotosista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosistów	fotosista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosisty	fotosista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotosisty	fotosista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fotosisty	fotosista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosiście	fotosista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosiście	fotosista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosiści	fotosista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotosiści	fotosista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładach	fotoskład	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładami	fotoskład	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładem	fotoskład	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskład	fotoskład	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskład	fotoskład	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładom	fotoskład	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładowi	fotoskład	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładów	fotoskład	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładu	fotoskład	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskłady	fotoskład	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskłady	fotoskład	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskłady	fotoskład	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładzie	fotoskład	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskładzie	fotoskład	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopach	fotoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopami	fotoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopem	fotoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskop	fotoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskop	fotoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopie	fotoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopie	fotoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopom	fotoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopowi	fotoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopów	fotoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopu	fotoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopy	fotoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopy	fotoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskopy	fotoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturach	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptura	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturami	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturą	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturę	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptur	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturo	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturom	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptury	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptury	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptury	fotoskulptura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulptury	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturze	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotoskulpturze	fotoskulptura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotostacie	fotostat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostacie	fotostat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatach	fotostat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatami	fotostat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatem	fotostat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostat	fotostat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostat	fotostat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatom	fotostat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatowi	fotostat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatów	fotostat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostatu	fotostat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostaty	fotostat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostaty	fotostat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotostaty	fotostat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującościach	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującościami	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującością	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującości	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującościom	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującość	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzującość	fotosyntetyzującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotosyntetyzująca	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzującą	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzującą	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzujące	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntetyzujące	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntetyzujące	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzujące	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzującego	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotosyntetyzującego	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzującej	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzującej	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzującej	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotosyntetyzującemu	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzująco	fotosyntetyzujący	adja		
fotosyntetyzujących	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotosyntetyzujących	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntetyzujących	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntetyzujący	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotosyntetyzujący	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotosyntetyzujący	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotosyntetyzującym	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntetyzującym	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzującym	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotosyntetyzującymi	fotosyntetyzujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotosyntezach	fotosynteza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosynteza	fotosynteza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezami	fotosynteza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezą	fotosynteza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezę	fotosynteza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntez	fotosynteza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezie	fotosynteza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezie	fotosynteza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezo	fotosynteza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezom	fotosynteza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezy	fotosynteza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezy	fotosynteza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezy	fotosynteza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotosyntezy	fotosynteza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	biol.
fotoszkicach	fotoszkic	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicami	fotoszkic	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkice	fotoszkic	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkice	fotoszkic	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkice	fotoszkic	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicem	fotoszkic	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkic	fotoszkic	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkic	fotoszkic	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicom	fotoszkic	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicowi	fotoszkic	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkiców	fotoszkic	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicu	fotoszkic	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicu	fotoszkic	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotoszkicu	fotoszkic	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksjach	fototaksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksja	fototaksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksjami	fototaksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksją	fototaksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksje	fototaksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksje	fototaksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksje	fototaksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksję	fototaksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksji	fototaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fototaksji	fototaksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksji	fototaksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksji	fototaksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksjo	fototaksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksjom	fototaksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototaksyj	fototaksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fototaktyzmach	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmami	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmem	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzm	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzm	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmie	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmie	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmom	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmowi	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmów	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmu	fototaktyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmy	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmy	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototaktyzmy	fototaktyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototapecie	fototapeta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapecie	fototapeta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapetach	fototapeta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapeta	fototapeta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapetami	fototapeta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapetą	fototapeta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapetę	fototapeta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapet	fototapeta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapeto	fototapeta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapetom	fototapeta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapety	fototapeta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapety	fototapeta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapety	fototapeta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototapety	fototapeta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnicznościach	fototechniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnicznościami	fototechniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnicznością	fototechniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczności	fototechniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnicznościom	fototechniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczność	fototechniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczność	fototechniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniczna	fototechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototechniczną	fototechniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototechniczną	fototechniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototechniczne	fototechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototechniczne	fototechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototechniczne	fototechniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototechniczne	fototechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototechnicznego	fototechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototechnicznego	fototechniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototechnicznej	fototechniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototechnicznej	fototechniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototechnicznej	fototechniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototechnicznemu	fototechniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototechniczni	fototechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototechniczno	fototechniczny	adja		
fototechnicznych	fototechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototechnicznych	fototechniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototechnicznych	fototechniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototechniczny	fototechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototechniczny	fototechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototechnicznym	fototechniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototechnicznym	fototechniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototechnicznym	fototechniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototechnicznymi	fototechniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototechnicy	fototechnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnicy	fototechnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikach	fototechnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnika	fototechnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnika	fototechnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikami	fototechnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnik	fototechnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikiem	fototechnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikom	fototechnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikowi	fototechnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechników	fototechnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechników	fototechnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniku	fototechnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniku	fototechnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnice	fototechnika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnice	fototechnika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikach	fototechnika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnika	fototechnika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikami	fototechnika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniką	fototechnika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikę	fototechnika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnik	fototechnika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniki	fototechnika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechniko	fototechnika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototechnikom	fototechnika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafach	fototelegraf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafami	fototelegraf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafem	fototelegraf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraf	fototelegraf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraf	fototelegraf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafie	fototelegraf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafie	fototelegraf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafom	fototelegraf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafowi	fototelegraf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafów	fototelegraf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafu	fototelegraf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafy	fototelegraf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafy	fototelegraf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafy	fototelegraf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafiach	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafia	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafiami	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafią	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafie	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafie	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafie	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafię	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafii	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fototelegrafii	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafii	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafii	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafij	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fototelegrafio	fototelegrafia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegrafiom	fototelegrafia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficznościach	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficznościami	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficznością	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzności	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficznościom	fototelegraficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzność	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzność	fototelegraficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegraficzna	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototelegraficzną	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototelegraficzną	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototelegraficzne	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegraficzne	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegraficzne	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficzne	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficznego	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototelegraficznego	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficznej	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototelegraficznej	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototelegraficznej	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototelegraficznemu	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficzni	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototelegraficzno	fototelegraficzny	adja		
fototelegraficznych	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototelegraficznych	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegraficznych	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegraficzny	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototelegraficzny	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototelegraficznym	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegraficznym	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficznym	fototelegraficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototelegraficznymi	fototelegraficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototelegramach	fototelegram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramami	fototelegram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramem	fototelegram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegram	fototelegram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegram	fototelegram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramie	fototelegram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramie	fototelegram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramom	fototelegram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramowi	fototelegram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramów	fototelegram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramu	fototelegram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramy	fototelegram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramy	fototelegram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototelegramy	fototelegram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolicie	fototeodolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolicie	fototeodolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitach	fototeodolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitami	fototeodolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitem	fototeodolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolit	fototeodolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolit	fototeodolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitom	fototeodolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitowi	fototeodolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitów	fototeodolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolitu	fototeodolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolity	fototeodolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolity	fototeodolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototeodolity	fototeodolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapiach	fototerapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapia	fototerapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapiami	fototerapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapią	fototerapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapie	fototerapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapie	fototerapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapie	fototerapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapię	fototerapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapii	fototerapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fototerapii	fototerapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapii	fototerapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapii	fototerapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapij	fototerapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fototerapio	fototerapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototerapiom	fototerapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografiach	fototopografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografia	fototopografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografiami	fototopografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografią	fototopografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografie	fototopografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografie	fototopografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografie	fototopografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografię	fototopografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografii	fototopografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fototopografii	fototopografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografii	fototopografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografii	fototopografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografij	fototopografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fototopografio	fototopografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototopografiom	fototopografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorach	fototranzystor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystora	fototranzystor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorami	fototranzystor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorem	fototranzystor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystor	fototranzystor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystor	fototranzystor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorom	fototranzystor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorowi	fototranzystor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorów	fototranzystor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystory	fototranzystor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystory	fototranzystor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystory	fototranzystor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorze	fototranzystor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototranzystorze	fototranzystor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserach	fototraser	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototrasera	fototraser	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserami	fototraser	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserem	fototraser	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraser	fototraser	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraser	fototraser	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserom	fototraser	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserowi	fototraser	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserów	fototraser	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototrasery	fototraser	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototrasery	fototraser	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototrasery	fototraser	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserze	fototraser	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototraserze	fototraser	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropicznościach	fototropiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropicznościami	fototropiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropicznością	fototropiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczności	fototropiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropicznościom	fototropiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczność	fototropiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczność	fototropiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropiczna	fototropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototropiczną	fototropiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototropiczną	fototropiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototropiczne	fototropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototropiczne	fototropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototropiczne	fototropiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototropiczne	fototropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototropicznego	fototropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototropicznego	fototropiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropicznej	fototropiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototropicznej	fototropiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototropicznej	fototropiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototropicznemu	fototropiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropiczni	fototropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototropiczno	fototropiczny	adja		
fototropicznych	fototropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototropicznych	fototropiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropicznych	fototropiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropiczny	fototropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototropiczny	fototropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototropicznym	fototropiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropicznym	fototropiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropicznym	fototropiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropicznymi	fototropiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijnościach	fototropijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijnościami	fototropijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijnością	fototropijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijności	fototropijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijnościom	fototropijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijność	fototropijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijność	fototropijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototropijna	fototropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototropijną	fototropijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototropijną	fototropijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototropijne	fototropijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijne	fototropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijne	fototropijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototropijne	fototropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototropijnego	fototropijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototropijnego	fototropijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropijnej	fototropijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototropijnej	fototropijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototropijnej	fototropijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototropijnemu	fototropijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropijni	fototropijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototropijno	fototropijny	adja		
fototropijnych	fototropijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototropijnych	fototropijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijnych	fototropijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijny	fototropijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototropijny	fototropijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototropijnym	fototropijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropijnym	fototropijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropijnym	fototropijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototropijnymi	fototropijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototropizmach	fototropizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmami	fototropizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmem	fototropizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizm	fototropizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizm	fototropizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmie	fototropizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmie	fototropizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmom	fototropizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmowi	fototropizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmów	fototropizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmu	fototropizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmy	fototropizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmy	fototropizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototropizmy	fototropizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypach	fototyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypami	fototyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypem	fototyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototyp	fototyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototyp	fototyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypie	fototyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypie	fototyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypom	fototyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowi	fototyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypów	fototyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypu	fototyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypy	fototyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypy	fototyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypy	fototyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiach	fototypia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypia	fototypia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiami	fototypia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypią	fototypia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypie	fototypia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypie	fototypia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypie	fototypia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypię	fototypia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypii	fototypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fototypii	fototypia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypii	fototypia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypii	fototypia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypij	fototypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fototypio	fototypia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiom	fototypia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypicznościach	fototypiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypicznościami	fototypiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypicznością	fototypiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczności	fototypiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypicznościom	fototypiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczność	fototypiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczność	fototypiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypiczna	fototypiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototypiczną	fototypiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototypiczną	fototypiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototypiczne	fototypiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototypiczne	fototypiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototypiczne	fototypiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototypiczne	fototypiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototypicznego	fototypiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototypicznego	fototypiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypicznej	fototypiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototypicznej	fototypiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototypicznej	fototypiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototypicznemu	fototypiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypiczni	fototypiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototypiczno	fototypiczny	adja		
fototypicznych	fototypiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototypicznych	fototypiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypicznych	fototypiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypiczny	fototypiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototypiczny	fototypiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototypicznym	fototypiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypicznym	fototypiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypicznym	fototypiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypicznymi	fototypiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowościach	fototypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowościami	fototypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowością	fototypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowości	fototypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowościom	fototypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowość	fototypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowość	fototypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fototypowa	fototypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fototypową	fototypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fototypową	fototypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fototypowe	fototypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowe	fototypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowe	fototypowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fototypowe	fototypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fototypowego	fototypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fototypowego	fototypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypowej	fototypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fototypowej	fototypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fototypowej	fototypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fototypowemu	fototypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypowi	fototypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fototypowo	fototypowy	adja		
fototypowych	fototypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fototypowych	fototypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowych	fototypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowy	fototypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fototypowy	fototypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fototypowym	fototypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fototypowym	fototypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypowym	fototypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fototypowymi	fototypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaicznościach	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaicznościami	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaicznością	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczności	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaicznościom	fotowoltaiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczność	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczność	fotowoltaiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotowoltaiczna	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotowoltaiczną	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotowoltaiczną	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotowoltaiczne	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaiczne	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaiczne	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaiczne	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaicznego	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotowoltaicznego	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaicznej	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotowoltaicznej	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotowoltaicznej	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotowoltaicznemu	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaiczni	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotowoltaiczno	fotowoltaiczny	adja		
fotowoltaicznych	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotowoltaicznych	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaicznych	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaiczny	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotowoltaiczny	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotowoltaicznym	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotowoltaicznym	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaicznym	fotowoltaiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotowoltaicznymi	fotowoltaiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotycznościach	fotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotycznościami	fotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotycznością	fotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczności	fotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotycznościom	fotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczność	fotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczność	fotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fotyczna	fotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fotyczną	fotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fotyczną	fotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fotyczne	fotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotyczne	fotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fotyczne	fotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fotyczne	fotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fotycznego	fotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fotycznego	fotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotycznej	fotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fotycznej	fotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fotycznej	fotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fotycznemu	fotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotyczni	fotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fotyczno	fotyczny	adja		
fotycznych	fotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fotycznych	fotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotycznych	fotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotyczny	fotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fotyczny	fotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fotycznym	fotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotycznym	fotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotycznym	fotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fotycznymi	fotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fotyzmach	fotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmami	fotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmem	fotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzm	fotyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzm	fotyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmie	fotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmie	fotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmom	fotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmowi	fotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmów	fotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmu	fotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmy	fotyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmy	fotyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fotyzmy	fotyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowscy	fourierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fourierowska	fourierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fourierowską	fourierowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fourierowską	fourierowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fourierowskich	fourierowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fourierowskich	fourierowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowskich	fourierowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowskie	fourierowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowskie	fourierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowskie	fourierowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fourierowskie	fourierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fourierowskiego	fourierowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fourierowskiego	fourierowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fourierowskiej	fourierowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fourierowskiej	fourierowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fourierowskiej	fourierowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fourierowskiemu	fourierowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fourierowski	fourierowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fourierowski	fourierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fourierowskim	fourierowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowskim	fourierowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fourierowskim	fourierowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fourierowskimi	fourierowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fourierowsko	fourierowski	adja		
fourierowsku	fourierowski	adjp		
fourierowsko	fourierowsko	adv:pos		
fourierowskościach	fourierowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskościami	fourierowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskością	fourierowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskości	fourierowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskościom	fourierowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskość	fourierowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fourierowskość	fourierowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistach	fowista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowista	fowista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistami	fowista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistą	fowista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistę	fowista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowisto	fowista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistom	fowista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistów	fowista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistów	fowista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowisty	fowista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fowisty	fowista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fowisty	fowista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowiście	fowista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowiście	fowista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowiści	fowista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowiści	fowista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczno	fowistyczno	adv:pos		
fowistycznościach	fowistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistycznościami	fowistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistycznością	fowistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczności	fowistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistycznościom	fowistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczność	fowistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczność	fowistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fowistyczna	fowistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fowistyczną	fowistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fowistyczną	fowistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fowistyczne	fowistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fowistyczne	fowistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fowistyczne	fowistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fowistyczne	fowistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fowistycznego	fowistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fowistycznego	fowistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fowistycznej	fowistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fowistycznej	fowistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fowistycznej	fowistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fowistycznemu	fowistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fowistyczni	fowistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fowistyczno	fowistyczny	adja		
fowistycznych	fowistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fowistycznych	fowistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fowistycznych	fowistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fowistyczny	fowistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fowistyczny	fowistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fowistycznym	fowistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fowistycznym	fowistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fowistycznym	fowistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fowistycznymi	fowistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fowizmach	fowizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmami	fowizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmem	fowizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizm	fowizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizm	fowizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmie	fowizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmie	fowizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmom	fowizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmowi	fowizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmów	fowizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmu	fowizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmy	fowizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmy	fowizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fowizmy	fowizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
foyer	foyer	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frachach	fracha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fracha	fracha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachami	fracha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachą	fracha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachę	fracha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frach	fracha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fracho	fracha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachom	fracha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachy	fracha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachy	fracha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachy	fracha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachy	fracha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasze	fracha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasze	fracha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachcie	fracht	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachcie	fracht	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtach	fracht	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtami	fracht	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtem	fracht	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
fracht	fracht	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
fracht	fracht	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtom	fracht	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtowi	fracht	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtów	fracht	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtu	fracht	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachty	fracht	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachty	fracht	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachty	fracht	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	handl.
frachtować	frachtować	inf:imperf		
frachtowaliby	frachtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frachtowalibyście	frachtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frachtowalibyśmy	frachtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frachtowali	frachtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frachtowali	frachtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frachtowaliście	frachtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frachtowaliśmy	frachtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frachtowałaby	frachtować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frachtowałabym	frachtować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frachtowałabyś	frachtować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frachtowała	frachtować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frachtowała	frachtować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frachtowałam	frachtować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frachtowałaś	frachtować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frachtowałby	frachtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frachtowałbym	frachtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frachtowałbyś	frachtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frachtowałem	frachtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frachtowałeś	frachtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frachtował	frachtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frachtował	frachtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frachtowałoby	frachtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frachtowałobym	frachtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frachtowałobyś	frachtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frachtowało	frachtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frachtowało	frachtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frachtowałom	frachtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frachtowałoś	frachtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frachtowałyby	frachtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frachtowałybyście	frachtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frachtowałybyśmy	frachtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frachtowały	frachtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frachtowały	frachtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frachtowałyście	frachtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frachtowałyśmy	frachtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frachtowana	frachtować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frachtowaną	frachtować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frachtowane	frachtować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtowane	frachtować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowanego	frachtować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frachtowanego	frachtować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowanej	frachtować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frachtowanemu	frachtować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowaniach	frachtować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowania	frachtować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowania	frachtować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowaniami	frachtować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowanie	frachtować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowaniem	frachtować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowani	frachtować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frachtowaniom	frachtować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowaniu	frachtować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowano	frachtować	imps:imperf		
frachtowanych	frachtować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frachtowanych	frachtować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtowany	frachtować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frachtowany	frachtować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frachtowanym	frachtować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtowanym	frachtować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtowanymi	frachtować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtowań	frachtować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frachtująca	frachtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frachtującą	frachtować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frachtujące	frachtować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtujące	frachtować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtującego	frachtować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frachtującego	frachtować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtującej	frachtować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frachtującemu	frachtować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtując	frachtować	pcon:imperf		
frachtująco	frachtować	pacta		
frachtujących	frachtować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frachtujących	frachtować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtujący	frachtować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frachtujący	frachtować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frachtujący	frachtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frachtującym	frachtować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtującym	frachtować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frachtującymi	frachtować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frachtują	frachtować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frachtujcie	frachtować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frachtujecie	frachtować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frachtuje	frachtować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frachtujemy	frachtować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frachtujesz	frachtować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frachtuję	frachtować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frachtuj	frachtować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frachtujmy	frachtować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frachtowcach	frachtowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcach	frachtowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowca	frachtowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowca	frachtowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowca	frachtowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcami	frachtowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcami	frachtowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowce	frachtowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcem	frachtowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcem	frachtowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcom	frachtowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcom	frachtowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcowi	frachtowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcowi	frachtowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowców	frachtowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowców	frachtowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcu	frachtowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcu	frachtowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowcu	frachtowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowcu	frachtowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowiec	frachtowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowiec	frachtowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
frachtowiec	frachtowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
frachtowościach	frachtowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowościami	frachtowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowością	frachtowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowości	frachtowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowościom	frachtowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowość	frachtowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowość	frachtowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frachtowa	frachtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frachtową	frachtowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frachtową	frachtowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frachtowe	frachtowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frachtowe	frachtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frachtowe	frachtowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frachtowe	frachtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frachtowego	frachtowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frachtowego	frachtowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frachtowej	frachtowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frachtowej	frachtowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frachtowej	frachtowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frachtowemu	frachtowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frachtowi	frachtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frachtowo	frachtowy	adja		
frachtowych	frachtowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frachtowych	frachtowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frachtowych	frachtowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frachtowy	frachtowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frachtowy	frachtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frachtowym	frachtowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frachtowym	frachtowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frachtowym	frachtowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frachtowymi	frachtowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fractocumulusach	fractocumulus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusach	fractocumulus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusa	fractocumulus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusa	fractocumulus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusa	fractocumulus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusami	fractocumulus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusami	fractocumulus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusem	fractocumulus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusem	fractocumulus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulus	fractocumulus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulus	fractocumulus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulus	fractocumulus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusie	fractocumulus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusie	fractocumulus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusie	fractocumulus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusie	fractocumulus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusom	fractocumulus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusom	fractocumulus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusowi	fractocumulus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusowi	fractocumulus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusów	fractocumulus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusów	fractocumulus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractocumulusy	fractocumulus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusach	fractostratus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusa	fractostratus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusami	fractostratus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusem	fractostratus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratus	fractostratus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratus	fractostratus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusie	fractostratus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusie	fractostratus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusom	fractostratus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusowi	fractostratus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusów	fractostratus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusy	fractostratus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusy	fractostratus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fractostratusy	fractostratus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
fraczek	fraczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczek	fraczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkach	fraczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczka	fraczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkami	fraczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkiem	fraczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczki	fraczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczki	fraczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczki	fraczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkom	fraczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowi	fraczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczków	fraczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczku	fraczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczku	fraczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowościach	fraczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowościami	fraczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowością	fraczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowości	fraczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowościom	fraczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowość	fraczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowość	fraczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraczkowa	fraczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fraczkową	fraczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fraczkową	fraczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fraczkowe	fraczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraczkowe	fraczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraczkowe	fraczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowe	fraczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowego	fraczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fraczkowego	fraczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowej	fraczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fraczkowej	fraczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fraczkowej	fraczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fraczkowemu	fraczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowi	fraczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fraczkowo	fraczkowy	adja		
fraczkowych	fraczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fraczkowych	fraczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraczkowych	fraczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraczkowy	fraczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fraczkowy	fraczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fraczkowym	fraczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraczkowym	fraczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowym	fraczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraczkowymi	fraczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmencikach	fragmencik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencika	fragmencik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencikami	fragmencik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencik	fragmencik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencik	fragmencik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencikiem	fragmencik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciki	fragmencik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciki	fragmencik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciki	fragmencik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencikom	fragmencik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencikowi	fragmencik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencików	fragmencik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciku	fragmencik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciku	fragmencik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenciku	fragmencik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencie	fragment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmencie	fragment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentach	fragment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentami	fragment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentem	fragment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragment	fragment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragment	fragment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentom	fragment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowi	fragment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentów	fragment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentu	fragment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenty	fragment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenty	fragment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmenty	fragment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacjach	fragmentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacja	fragmentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacjami	fragmentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacją	fragmentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacje	fragmentacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacje	fragmentacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacje	fragmentacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentację	fragmentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacji	fragmentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fragmentacji	fragmentacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacji	fragmentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacji	fragmentacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacjo	fragmentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacjom	fragmentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentacyj	fragmentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fragmentarnościach	fragmentarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarnościami	fragmentarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarnością	fragmentarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarności	fragmentarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarnościom	fragmentarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarność	fragmentarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarność	fragmentarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fragmentarna	fragmentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarną	fragmentarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarną	fragmentarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarne	fragmentarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarne	fragmentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarne	fragmentarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarne	fragmentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarnego	fragmentarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
fragmentarnego	fragmentarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarnej	fragmentarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarnej	fragmentarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarnej	fragmentarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
fragmentarnemu	fragmentarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarni	fragmentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fragmentarno	fragmentarny	adja		przest.
fragmentarnych	fragmentarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fragmentarnych	fragmentarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarnych	fragmentarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarny	fragmentarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
fragmentarny	fragmentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
fragmentarnym	fragmentarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarnym	fragmentarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarnym	fragmentarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fragmentarnymi	fragmentarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fragmentarycznie	fragmentarycznie	adv:pos		
fragmentarycznościach	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentarycznościami	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentarycznością	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczności	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentarycznościom	fragmentaryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczność	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczność	fragmentaryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryczna	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fragmentaryczną	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fragmentaryczną	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fragmentaryczne	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentaryczne	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentaryczne	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fragmentaryczne	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fragmentarycznego	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fragmentarycznego	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentarycznej	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fragmentarycznej	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fragmentarycznej	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fragmentarycznemu	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentaryczni	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fragmentaryczno	fragmentaryczny	adja		
fragmentarycznych	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fragmentarycznych	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentarycznych	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentaryczny	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fragmentaryczny	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fragmentarycznym	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentarycznym	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentarycznym	fragmentaryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentarycznymi	fragmentaryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentaryzacjach	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacja	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacjami	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacją	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacje	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacje	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacje	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzację	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacji	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fragmentaryzacji	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacji	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacji	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacjo	fragmentaryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacjom	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzacyj	fragmentaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fragmentaryzmach	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmami	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmem	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzm	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzm	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmie	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmie	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmom	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmowi	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmów	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmu	fragmentaryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmy	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmy	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentaryzmy	fragmentaryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowościach	fragmentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowościami	fragmentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowością	fragmentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowości	fragmentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowościom	fragmentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowość	fragmentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowość	fragmentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fragmentowa	fragmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fragmentową	fragmentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fragmentową	fragmentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fragmentowe	fragmentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentowe	fragmentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentowe	fragmentowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowe	fragmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowego	fragmentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fragmentowego	fragmentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowej	fragmentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fragmentowej	fragmentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fragmentowej	fragmentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fragmentowemu	fragmentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowi	fragmentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fragmentowo	fragmentowy	adja		
fragmentowych	fragmentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fragmentowych	fragmentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentowych	fragmentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentowy	fragmentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fragmentowy	fragmentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fragmentowym	fragmentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fragmentowym	fragmentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowym	fragmentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fragmentowymi	fragmentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frajdach	frajda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajda	frajda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdami	frajda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdą	frajda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdę	frajda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajd	frajda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdo	frajda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdom	frajda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdy	frajda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdy	frajda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdy	frajda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdy	frajda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdzie	frajda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajdzie	frajda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerach	frajer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajera	frajer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajera	frajer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerami	frajer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerem	frajer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajer	frajer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerom	frajer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerowi	frajer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerów	frajer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerów	frajer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajery	frajer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frajery	frajer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frajerze	frajer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerze	frajer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerzy	frajer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerzy	frajer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frajerce	frajerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerce	frajerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerek	frajerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerkach	frajerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerka	frajerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerkami	frajerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerką	frajerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerkę	frajerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerki	frajerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerki	frajerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerki	frajerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerki	frajerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerko	frajerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerkom	frajerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerować	frajerować	inf:imperf		
frajerowaliby	frajerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frajerowalibyście	frajerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frajerowalibyśmy	frajerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frajerowali	frajerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frajerowali	frajerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frajerowaliście	frajerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frajerowaliśmy	frajerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frajerowałaby	frajerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frajerowałabym	frajerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frajerowałabyś	frajerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frajerowała	frajerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frajerowała	frajerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frajerowałam	frajerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frajerowałaś	frajerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frajerowałby	frajerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frajerowałbym	frajerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frajerowałbyś	frajerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frajerowałem	frajerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frajerowałeś	frajerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frajerował	frajerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frajerował	frajerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frajerowałoby	frajerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frajerowałobym	frajerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frajerowałobyś	frajerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frajerowało	frajerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frajerowało	frajerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frajerowałom	frajerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frajerowałoś	frajerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frajerowałyby	frajerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frajerowałybyście	frajerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frajerowałybyśmy	frajerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frajerowały	frajerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frajerowały	frajerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frajerowałyście	frajerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frajerowałyśmy	frajerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frajerowaniach	frajerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowania	frajerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowania	frajerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowaniami	frajerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowanie	frajerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowaniem	frajerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowaniom	frajerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowaniu	frajerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerowano	frajerować	imps:imperf		
frajerowań	frajerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frajerująca	frajerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frajerującą	frajerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frajerujące	frajerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frajerujące	frajerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frajerującego	frajerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frajerującego	frajerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frajerującej	frajerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frajerującemu	frajerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frajerując	frajerować	pcon:imperf		
frajerująco	frajerować	pacta		
frajerujących	frajerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frajerujących	frajerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frajerujący	frajerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frajerujący	frajerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frajerujący	frajerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frajerującym	frajerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frajerującym	frajerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frajerującymi	frajerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frajerują	frajerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frajerujcie	frajerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frajerujecie	frajerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frajeruje	frajerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frajerujemy	frajerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frajerujesz	frajerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frajeruję	frajerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frajeruj	frajerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frajerujmy	frajerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frajerscy	frajerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frajerska	frajerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frajerską	frajerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frajerską	frajerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frajerskich	frajerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frajerskich	frajerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frajerskich	frajerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frajerskie	frajerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frajerskie	frajerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frajerskie	frajerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frajerskie	frajerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frajerskiego	frajerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frajerskiego	frajerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frajerskiej	frajerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frajerskiej	frajerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frajerskiej	frajerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frajerskiemu	frajerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frajerski	frajerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frajerski	frajerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frajerskim	frajerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frajerskim	frajerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frajerskim	frajerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frajerskimi	frajerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frajersko	frajerski	adja		
frajersku	frajerski	adjp		
frajersko	frajersko	adv:pos		
frajerskościach	frajerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskościami	frajerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskością	frajerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskości	frajerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskościom	frajerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskość	frajerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerskość	frajerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frajerstwach	frajerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwa	frajerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwa	frajerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwa	frajerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwa	frajerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwami	frajerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwem	frajerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstw	frajerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwie	frajerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwo	frajerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwo	frajerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwo	frajerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwom	frajerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajerstwu	frajerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frajter	frajter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrach	frajter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtra	frajter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtra	frajter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrami	frajter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrem	frajter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrom	frajter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrowi	frajter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrów	frajter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrów	frajter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtry	frajter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtry	frajter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrze	frajter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrze	frajter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrzy	frajter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frajtrzy	frajter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frakach	frak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraka	frak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frakami	frak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frak	frak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frak	frak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frakiem	frak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraki	frak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraki	frak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraki	frak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frakom	frak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frakowi	frak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraków	frak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraku	frak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraku	frak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjach	frakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcja	frakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjami	frakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcją	frakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcje	frakcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcje	frakcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcje	frakcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcję	frakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcji	frakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frakcji	frakcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcji	frakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcji	frakcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjo	frakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjom	frakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyj	frakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frakcjonistach	frakcjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonista	frakcjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistami	frakcjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistą	frakcjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistę	frakcjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonisto	frakcjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistom	frakcjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistów	frakcjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonistów	frakcjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonisty	frakcjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonisty	frakcjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonisty	frakcjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjoniście	frakcjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjoniście	frakcjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjoniści	frakcjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjoniści	frakcjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frakcjonować	frakcjonować	inf:imperf		
frakcjonowaliby	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowalibyście	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowalibyśmy	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowali	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frakcjonowali	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowaliście	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowaliśmy	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałaby	frakcjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałabym	frakcjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałabyś	frakcjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowała	frakcjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frakcjonowała	frakcjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałam	frakcjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałaś	frakcjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowałby	frakcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałbym	frakcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałbyś	frakcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowałem	frakcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałeś	frakcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frakcjonował	frakcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frakcjonował	frakcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałoby	frakcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałobym	frakcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałobyś	frakcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowało	frakcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frakcjonowało	frakcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałom	frakcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowałoś	frakcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowałyby	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałybyście	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowałybyśmy	frakcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowały	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frakcjonowały	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frakcjonowałyście	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frakcjonowałyśmy	frakcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frakcjonowana	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaną	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowane	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowane	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanego	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanego	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanej	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanemu	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaniach	frakcjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowania	frakcjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowania	frakcjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaniami	frakcjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanie	frakcjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaniem	frakcjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowani	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaniom	frakcjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowaniu	frakcjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowano	frakcjonować	imps:imperf		
frakcjonowanych	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanych	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowany	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowany	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanym	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanym	frakcjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowanymi	frakcjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonowań	frakcjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonująca	frakcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującą	frakcjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujące	frakcjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujące	frakcjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującego	frakcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującego	frakcjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującej	frakcjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującemu	frakcjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonując	frakcjonować	pcon:imperf		
frakcjonująco	frakcjonować	pacta		
frakcjonujących	frakcjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujących	frakcjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujący	frakcjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujący	frakcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonujący	frakcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującym	frakcjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującym	frakcjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frakcjonującymi	frakcjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frakcjonują	frakcjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frakcjonujcie	frakcjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frakcjonujecie	frakcjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frakcjonuje	frakcjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frakcjonujemy	frakcjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frakcjonujesz	frakcjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frakcjonuję	frakcjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frakcjonuj	frakcjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frakcjonujmy	frakcjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frakcyjnościach	frakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjnościami	frakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjnością	frakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjności	frakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjnościom	frakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjność	frakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjność	frakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakcyjna	frakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frakcyjną	frakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frakcyjną	frakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frakcyjne	frakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakcyjne	frakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakcyjne	frakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjne	frakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjnego	frakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frakcyjnego	frakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjnej	frakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frakcyjnej	frakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frakcyjnej	frakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frakcyjnemu	frakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjni	frakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frakcyjno	frakcyjny	adja		
frakcyjnych	frakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frakcyjnych	frakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakcyjnych	frakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakcyjny	frakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frakcyjny	frakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frakcyjnym	frakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakcyjnym	frakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjnym	frakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakcyjnymi	frakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakowościach	frakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowościami	frakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowością	frakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowości	frakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowościom	frakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowość	frakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowość	frakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakowa	frakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frakową	frakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frakową	frakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frakowe	frakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakowe	frakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakowe	frakowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frakowe	frakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frakowego	frakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frakowego	frakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakowej	frakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frakowej	frakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frakowej	frakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frakowemu	frakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakowi	frakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frakowo	frakowy	adja		
frakowych	frakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frakowych	frakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakowych	frakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakowy	frakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frakowy	frakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frakowym	frakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakowym	frakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakowym	frakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakowymi	frakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalach	fraktal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktala	fraktal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalami	fraktal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktale	fraktal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktale	fraktal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktale	fraktal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalem	fraktal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktal	fraktal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktal	fraktal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktali	fraktal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalom	fraktal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalowi	fraktal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalu	fraktal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalu	fraktal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalu	fraktal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalnościach	fraktalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalnościami	fraktalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalnością	fraktalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalności	fraktalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalnościom	fraktalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalność	fraktalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalność	fraktalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktalna	fraktalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fraktalną	fraktalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fraktalną	fraktalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fraktalne	fraktalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalne	fraktalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalne	fraktalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fraktalne	fraktalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fraktalnego	fraktalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fraktalnego	fraktalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraktalnej	fraktalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fraktalnej	fraktalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fraktalnej	fraktalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fraktalnemu	fraktalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraktalni	fraktalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fraktalno	fraktalny	adja		
fraktalnych	fraktalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fraktalnych	fraktalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalnych	fraktalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalny	fraktalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fraktalny	fraktalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fraktalnym	fraktalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraktalnym	fraktalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraktalnym	fraktalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraktalnymi	fraktalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakturach	fraktura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktura	fraktura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturami	fraktura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturą	fraktura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturę	fraktura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktur	fraktura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturo	fraktura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturom	fraktura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktury	fraktura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktury	fraktura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktury	fraktura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraktury	fraktura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturze	fraktura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturze	fraktura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowościach	frakturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowościami	frakturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowością	frakturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowości	frakturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowościom	frakturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowość	frakturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowość	frakturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frakturowa	frakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frakturową	frakturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frakturową	frakturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frakturowe	frakturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakturowe	frakturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frakturowe	frakturowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frakturowe	frakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frakturowego	frakturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frakturowego	frakturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakturowej	frakturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frakturowej	frakturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frakturowej	frakturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frakturowemu	frakturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakturowi	frakturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frakturowo	frakturowy	adja		
frakturowych	frakturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frakturowych	frakturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakturowych	frakturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakturowy	frakturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frakturowy	frakturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frakturowym	frakturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frakturowym	frakturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakturowym	frakturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frakturowymi	frakturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
framboezjach	framboezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezja	framboezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezjami	framboezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezją	framboezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezje	framboezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezje	framboezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezje	framboezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezję	framboezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezji	framboezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
framboezji	framboezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezji	framboezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezji	framboezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezjo	framboezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezjom	framboezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
framboezyj	framboezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frampolscy	frampolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frampolska	frampolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frampolską	frampolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frampolską	frampolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frampolskich	frampolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frampolskich	frampolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frampolskich	frampolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frampolskie	frampolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frampolskie	frampolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frampolskie	frampolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frampolskie	frampolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frampolskiego	frampolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frampolskiego	frampolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frampolskiej	frampolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frampolskiej	frampolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frampolskiej	frampolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frampolskiemu	frampolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frampolski	frampolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frampolski	frampolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frampolskim	frampolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frampolskim	frampolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frampolskim	frampolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frampolskimi	frampolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frampolsko	frampolski	adja		
frampolsku	frampolski	adjp		
frampolsko	frampolsko	adv:pos		
frampolskościach	frampolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskościami	frampolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskością	frampolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskości	frampolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskościom	frampolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskość	frampolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frampolskość	frampolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
framudze	framuga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
framudze	framuga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugach	framuga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framuga	framuga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugami	framuga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugą	framuga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugę	framuga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framug	framuga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugi	framuga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugi	framuga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugi	framuga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugi	framuga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugo	framuga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
framugom	framuga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francach	franca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franca	franca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francami	franca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francą	franca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
france	franca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
france	franca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
france	franca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francę	franca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franc	franca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franco	franca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francom	franca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francy	franca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francy	franca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francy	franca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingach	franchising	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingami	franchising	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchising	franchising	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchising	franchising	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingiem	franchising	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingi	franchising	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingi	franchising	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingi	franchising	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingom	franchising	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowi	franchising	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingów	franchising	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingu	franchising	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingu	franchising	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingu	franchising	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowościach	franchisingowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowościami	franchisingowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowością	franchisingowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowości	franchisingowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowościom	franchisingowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowość	franchisingowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowość	franchisingowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franchisingowa	franchisingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
franchisingową	franchisingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
franchisingową	franchisingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
franchisingowe	franchisingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franchisingowe	franchisingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franchisingowe	franchisingowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowe	franchisingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowego	franchisingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
franchisingowego	franchisingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowej	franchisingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
franchisingowej	franchisingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
franchisingowej	franchisingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
franchisingowemu	franchisingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowi	franchisingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
franchisingowo	franchisingowy	adja		
franchisingowych	franchisingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
franchisingowych	franchisingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franchisingowych	franchisingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franchisingowy	franchisingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
franchisingowy	franchisingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
franchisingowym	franchisingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franchisingowym	franchisingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowym	franchisingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franchisingowymi	franchisingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkanach	franciszkan	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkana	franciszkan	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkana	franciszkan	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanami	franciszkan	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanem	franciszkan	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkan	franciszkan	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanie	franciszkan	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanie	franciszkan	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanie	franciszkan	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanie	franciszkan	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanom	franciszkan	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanowi	franciszkan	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanów	franciszkan	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanów	franciszkan	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkany	franciszkan	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkany	franciszkan	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franciszkanach	franciszkanin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanami	franciszkanin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanie	franciszkanin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanie	franciszkanin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanina	franciszkanin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanina	franciszkanin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkaninem	franciszkanin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanin	franciszkanin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkaninie	franciszkanin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkaninie	franciszkanin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkaninowi	franciszkanin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanom	franciszkanin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanów	franciszkanin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanów	franciszkanin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkany	franciszkanin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkany	franciszkanin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkance	franciszkanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkance	franciszkanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanek	franciszkanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkankach	franciszkanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanka	franciszkanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkankami	franciszkanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanką	franciszkanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkankę	franciszkanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanki	franciszkanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanki	franciszkanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanki	franciszkanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanki	franciszkanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkanko	franciszkanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkankom	franciszkanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańscy	franciszkański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
franciszkańska	franciszkański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
franciszkańską	franciszkański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
franciszkańską	franciszkański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
franciszkańskich	franciszkański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
franciszkańskich	franciszkański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańskich	franciszkański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańskie	franciszkański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańskie	franciszkański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańskie	franciszkański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
franciszkańskie	franciszkański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
franciszkańskiego	franciszkański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
franciszkańskiego	franciszkański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franciszkańskiej	franciszkański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
franciszkańskiej	franciszkański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
franciszkańskiej	franciszkański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
franciszkańskiemu	franciszkański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franciszkański	franciszkański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
franciszkański	franciszkański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
franciszkańskim	franciszkański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańskim	franciszkański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franciszkańskim	franciszkański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franciszkańskimi	franciszkański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franciszkańsko	franciszkański	adja		
franciszkańsku	franciszkański	adjp		
franciszkańsko	franciszkańsko	adv:pos		
franciszkańskościach	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskościami	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskością	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskości	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskościom	franciszkańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskość	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franciszkańskość	franciszkańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowato	francowato	adv:pos		
francowatościach	francowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatościami	francowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatością	francowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatości	francowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatościom	francowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatość	francowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowatość	francowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francowaci	francowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
francowata	francowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
francowatą	francowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
francowatą	francowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
francowate	francowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francowate	francowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francowate	francowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowate	francowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowatego	francowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
francowatego	francowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowatej	francowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
francowatej	francowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
francowatej	francowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
francowatemu	francowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowato	francowaty	adja		pot.
francowatych	francowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
francowatych	francowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francowatych	francowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francowaty	francowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
francowaty	francowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
francowatym	francowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francowatym	francowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowatym	francowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
francowatymi	francowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
francuscy	francuski:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
francuska	francuski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
francuską	francuski:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
francuską	francuski:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
francuskich	francuski:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
francuskich	francuski:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskich	francuski:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskie	francuski:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
francuskie	francuski:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
francuskie	francuski:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
francuskie	francuski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
francuskiego	francuski:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
francuskiego	francuski:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskiej	francuski:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
francuskiej	francuski:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
francuskiej	francuski:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
francuskiemu	francuski:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuski	francuski:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
francuski	francuski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
francuskim	francuski:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskim	francuski:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskim	francuski:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskimi	francuski:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francusko	francuski:a	adja		
francusku	francuski:a	adjp		
francuskich	francuski:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskich	francuski:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskie	francuski:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskie	francuski:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskie	francuski:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskiego	francuski:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskiemu	francuski:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuski	francuski:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuski	francuski:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuski	francuski:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskim	francuski:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskim	francuski:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskim	francuski:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francuskimi	francuski:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
francusko	francusko	adv:pos		
francuskojęzycznościach	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzycznościami	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzycznością	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczności	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzycznościom	francuskojęzyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczność	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczność	francuskojęzyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskojęzyczna	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
francuskojęzyczną	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
francuskojęzyczną	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
francuskojęzyczne	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
francuskojęzyczne	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
francuskojęzyczne	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzyczne	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzycznego	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
francuskojęzycznego	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzycznej	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
francuskojęzycznej	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
francuskojęzycznej	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
francuskojęzycznemu	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzyczni	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
francuskojęzyczno	francuskojęzyczny	adja		
francuskojęzycznych	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
francuskojęzycznych	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskojęzycznych	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskojęzyczny	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
francuskojęzyczny	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
francuskojęzycznym	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskojęzycznym	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzycznym	francuskojęzyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
francuskojęzycznymi	francuskojęzyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francuskościach	francuskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskościami	francuskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskością	francuskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskości	francuskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskościom	francuskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskość	francuskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuskość	francuskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyznach	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzna	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyznami	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzną	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyznę	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzn	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzno	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyznom	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzny	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzny	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzny	francuszczyzna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyzny	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyźnie	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuszczyźnie	francuszczyzna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
francuziąca	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
francuziącą	francuzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
francuziące	francuzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziące	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziącego	francuzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
francuziącego	francuzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziącej	francuzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
francuziącemu	francuzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziąc	francuzić	pcon:imperf		
francuziąco	francuzić	pacta		
francuziących	francuzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuziących	francuzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziący	francuzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuziący	francuzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
francuziący	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
francuziącym	francuzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziącym	francuzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziącymi	francuzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuzią	francuzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
francuzicie	francuzić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
francuzić	francuzić	inf:imperf		
francuzieniach	francuzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienia	francuzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienia	francuzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniami	francuzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienie	francuzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniem	francuzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieni	francuzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuzieniom	francuzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniu	francuzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzień	francuzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzię	francuzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
francuzi	francuzić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
francuziliby	francuzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
francuzilibyście	francuzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
francuzilibyśmy	francuzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
francuzili	francuzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
francuzili	francuzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
francuziliście	francuzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
francuziliśmy	francuzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
francuziłaby	francuzić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
francuziłabym	francuzić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
francuziłabyś	francuzić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
francuziła	francuzić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
francuziła	francuzić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
francuziłam	francuzić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
francuziłaś	francuzić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
francuziłby	francuzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
francuziłbym	francuzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
francuziłbyś	francuzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
francuziłem	francuzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
francuziłeś	francuzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
francuził	francuzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
francuził	francuzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
francuziłoby	francuzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
francuziłobym	francuzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
francuziłobyś	francuzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
francuziło	francuzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
francuziło	francuzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
francuziłom	francuzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
francuziłoś	francuzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
francuziłyby	francuzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
francuziłybyście	francuzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
francuziłybyśmy	francuzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
francuziły	francuzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
francuziły	francuzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
francuziłyście	francuzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
francuziłyśmy	francuzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
francuzimy	francuzić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
francuziona	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
francuzioną	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
francuzione	francuzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuzione	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuzionego	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
francuzionego	francuzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuzionej	francuzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
francuzionemu	francuzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziono	francuzić	imps:imperf		
francuzionych	francuzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuzionych	francuzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziony	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
francuziony	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
francuzionym	francuzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuzionym	francuzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuzionymi	francuzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuzisz	francuzić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
francuźcie	francuzić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
francuź	francuzić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
francuźmy	francuzić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
francużąca	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
francużącą	francuzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
francużące	francuzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużące	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużącego	francuzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
francużącego	francuzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużącej	francuzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
francużącemu	francuzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużąc	francuzić	pcon:imperf		
francużąco	francuzić	pacta		
francużących	francuzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francużących	francuzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużący	francuzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francużący	francuzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
francużący	francuzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
francużącym	francuzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużącym	francuzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużącymi	francuzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużą	francuzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
francużeniach	francuzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francużenia	francuzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francużenia	francuzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francużeniami	francuzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francużenie	francuzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francużeniem	francuzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francużeni	francuzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francużeniom	francuzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
francużeniu	francuzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francużeń	francuzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francużę	francuzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
francużona	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
francużoną	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
francużone	francuzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużone	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużonego	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
francużonego	francuzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużonej	francuzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
francużonemu	francuzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużono	francuzić	imps:imperf		
francużonych	francuzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francużonych	francuzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużony	francuzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
francużony	francuzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
francużonym	francuzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francużonym	francuzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francużonymi	francuzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziałaby	francuzieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
francuziałabym	francuzieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
francuziałabyś	francuzieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
francuziała	francuzieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
francuziała	francuzieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
francuziałam	francuzieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
francuziałaś	francuzieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
francuziałby	francuzieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
francuziałbym	francuzieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
francuziałbyś	francuzieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
francuziałem	francuzieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
francuziałeś	francuzieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
francuział	francuzieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
francuział	francuzieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
francuziałoby	francuzieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
francuziałobym	francuzieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
francuziałobyś	francuzieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
francuziało	francuzieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
francuziało	francuzieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
francuziałom	francuzieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
francuziałoś	francuzieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
francuziałyby	francuzieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
francuziałybyście	francuzieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
francuziałybyśmy	francuzieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
francuziały	francuzieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
francuziały	francuzieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
francuziałyście	francuzieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
francuziałyśmy	francuzieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
francuziano	francuzieć	imps:imperf		
francuzieć	francuzieć	inf:imperf		
francuziejąca	francuzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
francuziejącą	francuzieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
francuziejące	francuzieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziejące	francuzieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziejącego	francuzieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
francuziejącego	francuzieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziejącej	francuzieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
francuziejącemu	francuzieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziejąc	francuzieć	pcon:imperf		
francuziejąco	francuzieć	pacta		
francuziejących	francuzieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuziejących	francuzieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziejący	francuzieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
francuziejący	francuzieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
francuziejący	francuzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
francuziejącym	francuzieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuziejącym	francuzieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
francuziejącymi	francuzieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
francuzieją	francuzieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
francuziejcie	francuzieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
francuziejecie	francuzieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
francuzieje	francuzieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
francuziejemy	francuzieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
francuziejesz	francuzieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
francuzieję	francuzieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
francuziej	francuzieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
francuziejmy	francuzieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
francuzieliby	francuzieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
francuzielibyście	francuzieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
francuzielibyśmy	francuzieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
francuzieli	francuzieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
francuzieli	francuzieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
francuzieliście	francuzieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
francuzieliśmy	francuzieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
francuzieniach	francuzieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienia	francuzieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienia	francuzieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniami	francuzieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzienie	francuzieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniem	francuzieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniom	francuzieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzieniu	francuzieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzień	francuzieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
francuzach	francuz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuza	francuz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuza	francuz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzami	francuz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzem	francuz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuz	francuz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzie	francuz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzie	francuz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzi	francuz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzi	francuz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzom	francuz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzowie	francuz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzowie	francuz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzowi	francuz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzów	francuz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzów	francuz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzy	francuz:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzy	francuz:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
francuzach	francuz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuza	francuz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuza	francuz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzami	francuz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzem	francuz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuz	francuz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzom	francuz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzowi	francuz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzów	francuz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzach	francuz:s3	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzach	francuz:s3	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuza	francuz:s3	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuza	francuz:s3	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuza	francuz:s3	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzami	francuz:s3	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzami	francuz:s3	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzem	francuz:s3	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzem	francuz:s3	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuz	francuz:s3	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuz	francuz:s3	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuz	francuz:s3	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s3	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s3	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s3	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzie	francuz:s3	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzom	francuz:s3	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzom	francuz:s3	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzowi	francuz:s3	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzowi	francuz:s3	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzów	francuz:s3	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzów	francuz:s3	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
francuzy	francuz:s3	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
franczyzach	franczyza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyza	franczyza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzami	franczyza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzą	franczyza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzę	franczyza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyz	franczyza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzie	franczyza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzie	franczyza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzo	franczyza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzom	franczyza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzy	franczyza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzy	franczyza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzy	franczyza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzy	franczyza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcach	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorca	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcami	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcą	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorce	franczyzobiorca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorce	franczyzobiorca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcę	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorco	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcom	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorców	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorców	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcy	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcy	franczyzobiorca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcy	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcy	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzobiorcy	franczyzobiorca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcach	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawca	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcami	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcą	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawce	franczyzodawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawce	franczyzodawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcę	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawco	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcom	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawców	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawców	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcy	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcy	franczyzodawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcy	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcy	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzodawcy	franczyzodawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowościach	franczyzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowościami	franczyzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowością	franczyzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowości	franczyzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowościom	franczyzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowość	franczyzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowość	franczyzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franczyzowa	franczyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
franczyzową	franczyzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
franczyzową	franczyzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
franczyzowe	franczyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franczyzowe	franczyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franczyzowe	franczyzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowe	franczyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowego	franczyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
franczyzowego	franczyzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowej	franczyzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
franczyzowej	franczyzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
franczyzowej	franczyzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
franczyzowemu	franczyzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowi	franczyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
franczyzowo	franczyzowy	adja		
franczyzowych	franczyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
franczyzowych	franczyzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franczyzowych	franczyzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franczyzowy	franczyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
franczyzowy	franczyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
franczyzowym	franczyzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franczyzowym	franczyzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowym	franczyzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franczyzowymi	franczyzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankach	frank	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franka	frank	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franka	frank	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankami	frank	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frank	frank	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankiem	frank	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franki	frank	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franki	frank	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franki	frank	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankom	frank	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankowi	frank	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franków	frank	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franku	frank	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
franku	frank	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturach	frankatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatura	frankatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturami	frankatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturą	frankatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturę	frankatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatur	frankatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturo	frankatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturom	frankatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatury	frankatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatury	frankatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatury	frankatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankatury	frankatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturze	frankatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankaturze	frankatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurccy	frankfurcki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankfurcka	frankfurcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankfurcką	frankfurcki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankfurcką	frankfurcki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankfurckich	frankfurcki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankfurckich	frankfurcki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurckich	frankfurcki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurckie	frankfurcki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurckie	frankfurcki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurckie	frankfurcki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankfurckie	frankfurcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankfurckiego	frankfurcki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankfurckiego	frankfurcki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankfurckiej	frankfurcki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankfurckiej	frankfurcki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankfurckiej	frankfurcki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankfurckiemu	frankfurcki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankfurcki	frankfurcki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankfurcki	frankfurcki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankfurckim	frankfurcki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurckim	frankfurcki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankfurckim	frankfurcki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankfurckimi	frankfurcki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankfurcko	frankfurcki	adja		
frankfurcku	frankfurcki	adjp		
frankfurcko	frankfurcko	adv:pos		
frankfurckościach	frankfurckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckościami	frankfurckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckością	frankfurckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckości	frankfurckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckościom	frankfurckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckość	frankfurckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurckość	frankfurckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczycy	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczycy	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczykach	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyka	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyka	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczykami	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyk	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczykiem	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyki	frankfurtczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyki	frankfurtczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczykom	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczykowi	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyków	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyków	frankfurtczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyku	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurtczyku	frankfurtczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterce	frankfurterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterce	frankfurterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterek	frankfurterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterkach	frankfurterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterka	frankfurterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterkami	frankfurterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterką	frankfurterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterkę	frankfurterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterki	frankfurterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterki	frankfurterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterki	frankfurterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterki	frankfurterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterko	frankfurterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankfurterkom	frankfurterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijscy	frankijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankijska	frankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankijską	frankijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankijską	frankijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankijskich	frankijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankijskich	frankijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankijskich	frankijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankijskie	frankijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankijskie	frankijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankijskie	frankijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankijskie	frankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankijskiego	frankijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankijskiego	frankijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankijskiej	frankijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankijskiej	frankijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankijskiej	frankijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankijskiemu	frankijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankijski	frankijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankijski	frankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankijskim	frankijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankijskim	frankijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankijskim	frankijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankijskimi	frankijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankijsko	frankijski	adja		
frankijsku	frankijski	adjp		
frankijsko	frankijsko	adv:pos		
frankijskościach	frankijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskościami	frankijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskością	frankijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskości	frankijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskościom	frankijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskość	frankijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankijskość	frankijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistach	frankista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankista	frankista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistami	frankista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistą	frankista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistę	frankista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankisto	frankista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistom	frankista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistów	frankista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistów	frankista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankisty	frankista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankisty	frankista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankisty	frankista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankiście	frankista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankiście	frankista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankiści	frankista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankiści	frankista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowscy	frankistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankistowska	frankistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankistowską	frankistowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankistowską	frankistowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankistowskich	frankistowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankistowskich	frankistowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowskich	frankistowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowskie	frankistowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowskie	frankistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowskie	frankistowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankistowskie	frankistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankistowskiego	frankistowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankistowskiego	frankistowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankistowskiej	frankistowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankistowskiej	frankistowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankistowskiej	frankistowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankistowskiemu	frankistowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankistowski	frankistowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankistowski	frankistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankistowskim	frankistowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowskim	frankistowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankistowskim	frankistowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankistowskimi	frankistowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankistowsko	frankistowski	adja		
frankistowsku	frankistowski	adjp		
frankistowsko	frankistowsko	adv:pos		
frankistowskościach	frankistowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskościami	frankistowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskością	frankistowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskości	frankistowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskościom	frankistowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskość	frankistowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankistowskość	frankistowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmach	frankizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmami	frankizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmem	frankizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizm	frankizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizm	frankizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmie	frankizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmie	frankizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmom	frankizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmowi	frankizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmów	frankizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmu	frankizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmy	frankizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmy	frankizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankizmy	frankizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinach	franklin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklina	franklin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinami	franklin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinem	franklin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklin	franklin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklin	franklin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinie	franklin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinie	franklin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinom	franklin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinowi	franklin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinów	franklin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franklinu	franklin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankliny	franklin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankliny	franklin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankliny	franklin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frankmasonach	frankmason	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasona	frankmason	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasona	frankmason	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonami	frankmason	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonem	frankmason	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmason	frankmason	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonie	frankmason	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonie	frankmason	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasoni	frankmason	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasoni	frankmason	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonom	frankmason	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonowi	frankmason	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonów	frankmason	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasonów	frankmason	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasony	frankmason	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankmasony	frankmason	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
franko	franko	adv		handl.
frankofilach	frankofil	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilach	frankofil	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofila	frankofil	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofila	frankofil	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofila	frankofil	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofila	frankofil	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilami	frankofil	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilami	frankofil	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofile	frankofil	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofile	frankofil	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofile	frankofil	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofile	frankofil	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofile	frankofil	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofile	frankofil	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofile	frankofil	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofile	frankofil	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilem	frankofil	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilem	frankofil	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofil	frankofil	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofil	frankofil	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofili	frankofil	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofili	frankofil	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilom	frankofil	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilom	frankofil	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilowi	frankofil	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilowi	frankofil	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilów	frankofil	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilów	frankofil	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilu	frankofil	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilu	frankofil	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilu	frankofil	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilu	frankofil	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frankofilscy	frankofilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankofilska	frankofilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankofilską	frankofilski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankofilską	frankofilski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankofilskich	frankofilski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankofilskich	frankofilski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilskich	frankofilski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilskie	frankofilski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilskie	frankofilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilskie	frankofilski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankofilskie	frankofilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankofilskiego	frankofilski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankofilskiego	frankofilski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofilskiej	frankofilski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankofilskiej	frankofilski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankofilskiej	frankofilski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankofilskiemu	frankofilski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofilski	frankofilski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankofilski	frankofilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankofilskim	frankofilski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilskim	frankofilski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofilskim	frankofilski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofilskimi	frankofilski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofilsko	frankofilski	adja		
frankofilsku	frankofilski	adjp		
frankofilsko	frankofilsko	adv:pos		
frankofilskościach	frankofilskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskościami	frankofilskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskością	frankofilskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskości	frankofilskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskościom	frankofilskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskość	frankofilskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilskość	frankofilskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwach	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwa	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwa	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwa	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwa	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwami	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwem	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstw	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwie	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwo	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwo	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwo	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwom	frankofilstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofilstwu	frankofilstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobach	frankofob	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoba	frankofob	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoba	frankofob	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobami	frankofob	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobem	frankofob	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofob	frankofob	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobie	frankofob	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobie	frankofob	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobi	frankofob	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobi	frankofob	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobom	frankofob	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobowie	frankofob	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobowie	frankofob	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobowi	frankofob	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobów	frankofob	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobów	frankofob	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoby	frankofob	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoby	frankofob	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobiach	frankofobia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobia	frankofobia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobiami	frankofobia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobią	frankofobia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobie	frankofobia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobie	frankofobia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobie	frankofobia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobię	frankofobia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobii	frankofobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frankofobii	frankofobia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobii	frankofobia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobii	frankofobia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobij	frankofobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frankofobio	frankofobia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofobiom	frankofobia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonach	frankofon	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofona	frankofon	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofona	frankofon	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonami	frankofon	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonem	frankofon	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofon	frankofon	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonie	frankofon	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonie	frankofon	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoni	frankofon	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoni	frankofon	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonom	frankofon	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonowi	frankofon	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonów	frankofon	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonów	frankofon	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankofony	frankofon	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofony	frankofon	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoniach	frankofonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonia	frankofonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoniami	frankofonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonią	frankofonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonie	frankofonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonie	frankofonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonie	frankofonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonię	frankofonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonii	frankofonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frankofonii	frankofonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonii	frankofonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonii	frankofonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofonij	frankofonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frankofonio	frankofonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofoniom	frankofonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońscy	frankofoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankofońska	frankofoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankofońską	frankofoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankofońską	frankofoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankofońskich	frankofoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankofońskich	frankofoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońskich	frankofoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońskie	frankofoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońskie	frankofoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońskie	frankofoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankofońskie	frankofoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankofońskiego	frankofoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankofońskiego	frankofoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofońskiej	frankofoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankofońskiej	frankofoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankofońskiej	frankofoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankofońskiemu	frankofoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofoński	frankofoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankofoński	frankofoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankofońskim	frankofoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońskim	frankofoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofońskim	frankofoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankofońskimi	frankofoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankofońsko	frankofoński	adja		
frankofońsku	frankofoński	adjp		
frankofońsko	frankofońsko	adv:pos		
frankofońskościach	frankofońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskościami	frankofońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskością	frankofońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskości	frankofońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskościom	frankofońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskość	frankofońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankofońskość	frankofońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomaniach	frankomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomania	frankomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomaniami	frankomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanią	frankomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanie	frankomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanie	frankomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanie	frankomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanię	frankomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanii	frankomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frankomanii	frankomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanii	frankomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanii	frankomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomanij	frankomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frankomanio	frankomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankomaniom	frankomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońscy	frankoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankońska	frankoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankońską	frankoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankońską	frankoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankońskich	frankoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankońskich	frankoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankońskich	frankoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankońskie	frankoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankońskie	frankoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankońskie	frankoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankońskie	frankoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankońskiego	frankoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankońskiego	frankoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankońskiej	frankoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankońskiej	frankoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankońskiej	frankoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankońskiemu	frankoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankoński	frankoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankoński	frankoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankońskim	frankoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankońskim	frankoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankońskim	frankoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankońskimi	frankoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankońsko	frankoński	adja		
frankońsku	frankoński	adjp		
frankońsko	frankońsko	adv:pos		
frankońskościach	frankońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskościami	frankońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskością	frankońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskości	frankońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskościom	frankońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskość	frankońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankońskość	frankońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankować	frankować	inf:imperf		przest.
frankowaliby	frankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowalibyście	frankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowalibyśmy	frankować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowali	frankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
frankowali	frankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowaliście	frankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowaliśmy	frankować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałaby	frankować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałabym	frankować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałabyś	frankować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowała	frankować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
frankowała	frankować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałam	frankować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałaś	frankować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowałby	frankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałbym	frankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałbyś	frankować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowałem	frankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałeś	frankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frankował	frankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
frankował	frankować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałoby	frankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałobym	frankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałobyś	frankować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowało	frankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
frankowało	frankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałom	frankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowałoś	frankować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowałyby	frankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałybyście	frankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowałybyśmy	frankować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowały	frankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
frankowały	frankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frankowałyście	frankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frankowałyśmy	frankować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowana	frankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frankowaną	frankować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frankowane	frankować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankowane	frankować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankowanego	frankować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frankowanego	frankować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankowanej	frankować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frankowanemu	frankować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankowaniach	frankować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowania	frankować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowania	frankować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowaniami	frankować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowanie	frankować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowaniem	frankować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowani	frankować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frankowaniom	frankować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowaniu	frankować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frankowano	frankować	imps:imperf		przest.
frankowanych	frankować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frankowanych	frankować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankowany	frankować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frankowany	frankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frankowanym	frankować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankowanym	frankować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankowanymi	frankować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankowań	frankować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frankująca	frankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frankującą	frankować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frankujące	frankować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankujące	frankować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankującego	frankować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frankującego	frankować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankującej	frankować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frankującemu	frankować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankując	frankować	pcon:imperf		przest.
frankująco	frankować	pacta		
frankujących	frankować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frankujących	frankować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankujący	frankować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frankujący	frankować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frankujący	frankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frankującym	frankować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankującym	frankować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frankującymi	frankować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frankują	frankować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
frankujcie	frankować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frankujecie	frankować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frankuje	frankować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
frankujemy	frankować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frankujesz	frankować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frankuję	frankować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
frankuj	frankować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frankujmy	frankować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frankowiczach	frankowicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicza	frankowicz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicza	frankowicz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczami	frankowicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicze	frankowicz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicze	frankowicz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicze	frankowicz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicze	frankowicz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczem	frankowicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowicz	frankowicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczom	frankowicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczowi	frankowicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczów	frankowicz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczów	frankowicz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczu	frankowicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankowiczu	frankowicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicach	frankownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownica	frankownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicami	frankownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicą	frankownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownice	frankownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownice	frankownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownice	frankownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicę	frankownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownic	frankownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownico	frankownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicom	frankownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicy	frankownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicy	frankownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankownicy	frankownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowościach	frankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowościami	frankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowością	frankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowości	frankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowościom	frankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowość	frankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowość	frankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frankowa	frankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frankową	frankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frankową	frankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frankowe	frankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankowe	frankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frankowe	frankowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frankowe	frankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frankowego	frankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frankowego	frankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankowej	frankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frankowej	frankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frankowej	frankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frankowemu	frankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankowi	frankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frankowo	frankowy	adja		
frankowych	frankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frankowych	frankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankowych	frankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankowy	frankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frankowy	frankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frankowym	frankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frankowym	frankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankowym	frankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frankowymi	frankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franmasonach	franmason	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasona	franmason	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasona	franmason	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonami	franmason	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonem	franmason	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmason	franmason	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonie	franmason	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonie	franmason	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasoni	franmason	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasoni	franmason	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonom	franmason	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonowi	franmason	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonów	franmason	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasonów	franmason	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasony	franmason	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
franmasony	franmason	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fransach	frans	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransami	frans	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransem	frans	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frans	frans	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frans	frans	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransie	frans	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransie	frans	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransom	frans	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransowi	frans	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransów	frans	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransu	frans	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransy	frans	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransy	frans	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fransy	frans	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzach	franszyza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyza	franszyza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzami	franszyza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzą	franszyza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzę	franszyza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyz	franszyza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzie	franszyza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzie	franszyza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzo	franszyza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzom	franszyza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzy	franszyza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzy	franszyza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzy	franszyza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzy	franszyza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowościach	franszyzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowościami	franszyzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowością	franszyzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowości	franszyzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowościom	franszyzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowość	franszyzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowość	franszyzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
franszyzowa	franszyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
franszyzową	franszyzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
franszyzową	franszyzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
franszyzowe	franszyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franszyzowe	franszyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
franszyzowe	franszyzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowe	franszyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowego	franszyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
franszyzowego	franszyzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowej	franszyzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
franszyzowej	franszyzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
franszyzowej	franszyzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
franszyzowemu	franszyzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowi	franszyzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
franszyzowo	franszyzowy	adja		
franszyzowych	franszyzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
franszyzowych	franszyzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franszyzowych	franszyzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franszyzowy	franszyzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
franszyzowy	franszyzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
franszyzowym	franszyzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
franszyzowym	franszyzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowym	franszyzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
franszyzowymi	franszyzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
francie	frant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
francie	frant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franci	frant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franci	frant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantach	frant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franta	frant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franta	frant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantami	frant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantem	frant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frant	frant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantom	frant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantowie	frant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantowie	frant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantowi	frant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantów	frant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantów	frant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franty	frant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
franty	frant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frantostwach	frantostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwa	frantostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwa	frantostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwa	frantostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwa	frantostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwami	frantostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwem	frantostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostw	frantostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwie	frantostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwo	frantostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwo	frantostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwo	frantostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwom	frantostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantostwu	frantostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frantować	frantować	inf:imperf		daw.
frantowaliby	frantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowalibyście	frantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowalibyśmy	frantować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowali	frantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
frantowali	frantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowaliście	frantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowaliśmy	frantować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałaby	frantować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałabym	frantować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałabyś	frantować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowała	frantować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
frantowała	frantować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałam	frantować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałaś	frantować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowałby	frantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałbym	frantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałbyś	frantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowałem	frantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałeś	frantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frantował	frantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
frantował	frantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałoby	frantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałobym	frantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałobyś	frantować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowało	frantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
frantowało	frantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałom	frantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowałoś	frantować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowałyby	frantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałybyście	frantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowałybyśmy	frantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowały	frantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
frantowały	frantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frantowałyście	frantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frantowałyśmy	frantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowaniach	frantować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowania	frantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowania	frantować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowaniami	frantować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowanie	frantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowaniem	frantować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowaniom	frantować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowaniu	frantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frantowano	frantować	imps:imperf		daw.
frantowań	frantować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frantująca	frantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frantującą	frantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frantujące	frantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frantujące	frantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frantującego	frantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frantującego	frantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frantującej	frantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frantującemu	frantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frantując	frantować	pcon:imperf		daw.
frantująco	frantować	pacta		
frantujących	frantować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frantujących	frantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frantujący	frantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frantujący	frantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frantujący	frantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frantującym	frantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frantującym	frantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frantującymi	frantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frantują	frantować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
frantujcie	frantować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frantujecie	frantować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frantuje	frantować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
frantujemy	frantować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frantujesz	frantować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frantuję	frantować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
frantuj	frantować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frantujmy	frantować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frantowscy	frantowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frantowska	frantowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frantowską	frantowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frantowską	frantowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frantowskich	frantowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frantowskich	frantowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frantowskich	frantowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frantowskie	frantowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frantowskie	frantowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frantowskie	frantowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frantowskie	frantowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frantowskiego	frantowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frantowskiego	frantowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frantowskiej	frantowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frantowskiej	frantowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frantowskiej	frantowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frantowskiemu	frantowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frantowski	frantowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frantowski	frantowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frantowskim	frantowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frantowskim	frantowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frantowskim	frantowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frantowskimi	frantowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frantowsko	frantowski	adja		
frantowsku	frantowski	adjp		
frantowsko	frantowsko	adv:pos		
frantowskościach	frantowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskościami	frantowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskością	frantowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskości	frantowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskościom	frantowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskość	frantowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantowskość	frantowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówce	frantówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówce	frantówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówek	frantówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówkach	frantówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówka	frantówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówkami	frantówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówką	frantówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówkę	frantówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówki	frantówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówki	frantówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówki	frantówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówki	frantówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówko	frantówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frantówkom	frantówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frapować	frapować	inf:imperf		
frapowaliby	frapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frapowalibyście	frapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frapowalibyśmy	frapować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frapowali	frapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frapowali	frapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frapowaliście	frapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frapowaliśmy	frapować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frapowałaby	frapować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frapowałabym	frapować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frapowałabyś	frapować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frapowała	frapować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frapowała	frapować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frapowałam	frapować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frapowałaś	frapować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frapowałby	frapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frapowałbym	frapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frapowałbyś	frapować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frapowałem	frapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frapowałeś	frapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frapował	frapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frapował	frapować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frapowałoby	frapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frapowałobym	frapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frapowałobyś	frapować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frapowało	frapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frapowało	frapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frapowałom	frapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frapowałoś	frapować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frapowałyby	frapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frapowałybyście	frapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frapowałybyśmy	frapować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frapowały	frapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frapowały	frapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frapowałyście	frapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frapowałyśmy	frapować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frapowana	frapować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frapowaną	frapować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frapowane	frapować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapowane	frapować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapowanego	frapować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frapowanego	frapować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapowanej	frapować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frapowanemu	frapować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapowaniach	frapować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowania	frapować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowania	frapować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowaniami	frapować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowanie	frapować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowaniem	frapować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowani	frapować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frapowaniom	frapować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowaniu	frapować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frapowano	frapować	imps:imperf		
frapowanych	frapować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frapowanych	frapować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapowany	frapować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frapowany	frapować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frapowanym	frapować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapowanym	frapować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapowanymi	frapować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapowań	frapować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frapująca	frapować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frapującą	frapować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frapujące	frapować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapujące	frapować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapującego	frapować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frapującego	frapować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapującej	frapować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frapującemu	frapować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapując	frapować	pcon:imperf		
frapująco	frapować	pacta		
frapujących	frapować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frapujących	frapować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapujący	frapować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frapujący	frapować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frapujący	frapować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frapującym	frapować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapującym	frapować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frapującymi	frapować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frapują	frapować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frapujcie	frapować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frapujecie	frapować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frapuje	frapować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frapujemy	frapować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frapujesz	frapować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frapuję	frapować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frapuj	frapować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frapujmy	frapować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frapująco	frapująco	adv:pos		
frapująca	frapujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frapującą	frapujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frapującą	frapujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frapujące	frapujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frapujące	frapujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frapujące	frapujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frapujące	frapujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frapującego	frapujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frapującego	frapujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frapującej	frapujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frapującej	frapujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frapującej	frapujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frapującemu	frapujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frapująco	frapujący	adja		
frapujących	frapujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frapujących	frapujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frapujących	frapujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frapujący	frapujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frapujący	frapujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frapujący	frapujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frapującym	frapujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frapującym	frapujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frapującym	frapujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frapującymi	frapujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwie	frasobliwie	adv:pos		
frasobliwiej	frasobliwie	adv:com		
frasobliwościach	frasobliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwościami	frasobliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwością	frasobliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwości	frasobliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwościom	frasobliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwość	frasobliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwość	frasobliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frasobliwa	frasobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frasobliwą	frasobliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frasobliwą	frasobliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frasobliwe	frasobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwe	frasobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwe	frasobliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwe	frasobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwego	frasobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frasobliwego	frasobliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwej	frasobliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frasobliwej	frasobliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frasobliwej	frasobliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frasobliwemu	frasobliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwi	frasobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frasobliwo	frasobliwy	adja		
frasobliwych	frasobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frasobliwych	frasobliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwych	frasobliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwy	frasobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frasobliwy	frasobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frasobliwym	frasobliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frasobliwym	frasobliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwym	frasobliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frasobliwymi	frasobliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frasować	frasować	inf:imperf		przest.
frasowaliby	frasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowalibyście	frasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowalibyśmy	frasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowali	frasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
frasowali	frasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowaliście	frasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowaliśmy	frasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałaby	frasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałabym	frasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałabyś	frasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowała	frasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
frasowała	frasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałam	frasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałaś	frasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowałby	frasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałbym	frasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałbyś	frasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowałem	frasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałeś	frasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frasował	frasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
frasował	frasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałoby	frasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałobym	frasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałobyś	frasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowało	frasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
frasowało	frasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałom	frasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowałoś	frasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowałyby	frasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałybyście	frasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowałybyśmy	frasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowały	frasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
frasowały	frasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frasowałyście	frasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frasowałyśmy	frasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frasowana	frasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frasowaną	frasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frasowane	frasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasowane	frasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasowanego	frasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frasowanego	frasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasowanej	frasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frasowanemu	frasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasowaniach	frasować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowania	frasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowania	frasować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowaniami	frasować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowanie	frasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowaniem	frasować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowani	frasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frasowaniom	frasować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowaniu	frasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frasowano	frasować	imps:imperf		przest.
frasowanych	frasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frasowanych	frasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasowany	frasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frasowany	frasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frasowanym	frasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasowanym	frasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasowanymi	frasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasowań	frasować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frasująca	frasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frasującą	frasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frasujące	frasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasujące	frasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasującego	frasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frasującego	frasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasującej	frasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frasującemu	frasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasując	frasować	pcon:imperf		przest.
frasująco	frasować	pacta		
frasujących	frasować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frasujących	frasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasujący	frasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frasujący	frasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frasujący	frasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frasującym	frasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasującym	frasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frasującymi	frasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frasują	frasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
frasujcie	frasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frasujecie	frasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frasuje	frasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
frasujemy	frasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frasujesz	frasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frasuję	frasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
frasuj	frasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frasujmy	frasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frasownościach	frasowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasownościami	frasowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasownością	frasowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowności	frasowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasownościom	frasowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowność	frasowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowność	frasowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasowna	frasowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
frasowną	frasowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
frasowną	frasowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
frasowne	frasowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasowne	frasowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasowne	frasowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasowne	frasowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasownego	frasowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
frasownego	frasowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasownej	frasowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
frasownej	frasowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
frasownej	frasowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
frasownemu	frasowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasowni	frasowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
frasowno	frasowny	adja		przest.
frasownych	frasowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
frasownych	frasowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasownych	frasowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasowny	frasowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
frasowny	frasowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
frasownym	frasowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasownym	frasowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasownym	frasowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frasownymi	frasowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frasunek	frasunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunek	frasunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunkach	frasunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunkami	frasunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunkiem	frasunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunki	frasunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunki	frasunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunki	frasunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunkom	frasunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunkowi	frasunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunków	frasunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunku	frasunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunku	frasunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frasunku	frasunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraszce	fraszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszce	fraszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszek	fraszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkach	fraszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszka	fraszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkami	fraszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszką	fraszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkę	fraszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszki	fraszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszki	fraszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszki	fraszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszki	fraszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszko	fraszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkom	fraszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisach	fraszkopis	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisa	fraszkopis	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisa	fraszkopis	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisami	fraszkopis	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisem	fraszkopis	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopis	fraszkopis	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisie	fraszkopis	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisie	fraszkopis	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisom	fraszkopis	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisowie	fraszkopis	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisowie	fraszkopis	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisowi	fraszkopis	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisów	fraszkopis	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisów	fraszkopis	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisy	fraszkopis	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisy	fraszkopis	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwach	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwa	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwa	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwa	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwa	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwami	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwem	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstw	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwie	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwo	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwo	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwo	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwom	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarstwu	fraszkopisarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzach	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzach	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarza	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarza	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarza	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarza	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzami	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzami	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarze	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzem	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzem	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarz	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarz	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzom	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzom	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzowi	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzowi	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzów	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzów	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzu	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzu	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzu	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzu	fraszkopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fraszkopisarzy	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkopisarzy	fraszkopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowościach	fraszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowościami	fraszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowością	fraszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowości	fraszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowościom	fraszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowość	fraszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowość	fraszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraszkowa	fraszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fraszkową	fraszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fraszkową	fraszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fraszkowe	fraszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraszkowe	fraszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fraszkowe	fraszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowe	fraszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowego	fraszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fraszkowego	fraszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowej	fraszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fraszkowej	fraszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fraszkowej	fraszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fraszkowemu	fraszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowi	fraszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fraszkowo	fraszkowy	adja		
fraszkowych	fraszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fraszkowych	fraszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraszkowych	fraszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraszkowy	fraszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fraszkowy	fraszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fraszkowym	fraszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fraszkowym	fraszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowym	fraszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fraszkowymi	fraszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frater	frater	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrach	frater	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratra	frater	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratra	frater	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrami	frater	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrem	frater	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrom	frater	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrowie	frater	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrowie	frater	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrowi	frater	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrów	frater	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrów	frater	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratry	frater	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratry	frater	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrze	frater	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrze	frater	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrzy	frater	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fratrzy	frater	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fraterniach	fraternia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternia	fraternia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterniami	fraternia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternią	fraternia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternie	fraternia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternie	fraternia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternie	fraternia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternię	fraternia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterni	fraternia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
fraterni	fraternia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterni	fraternia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterni	fraternia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraternio	fraternia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterniom	fraternia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraterń	fraternia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|przest.
fraternizacjach	fraternizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacja	fraternizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacjami	fraternizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacją	fraternizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacje	fraternizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacje	fraternizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacje	fraternizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizację	fraternizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacji	fraternizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fraternizacji	fraternizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacji	fraternizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacji	fraternizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacjo	fraternizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacjom	fraternizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraternizacyj	fraternizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fraternizować	fraternizować	inf:imperf		
fraternizowaliby	fraternizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fraternizowalibyście	fraternizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fraternizowalibyśmy	fraternizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fraternizowali	fraternizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fraternizowali	fraternizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fraternizowaliście	fraternizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fraternizowaliśmy	fraternizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałaby	fraternizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałabym	fraternizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałabyś	fraternizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fraternizowała	fraternizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fraternizowała	fraternizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałam	fraternizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałaś	fraternizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fraternizowałby	fraternizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałbym	fraternizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałbyś	fraternizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fraternizowałem	fraternizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałeś	fraternizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fraternizował	fraternizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fraternizował	fraternizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałoby	fraternizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałobym	fraternizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałobyś	fraternizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fraternizowało	fraternizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fraternizowało	fraternizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałom	fraternizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fraternizowałoś	fraternizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fraternizowałyby	fraternizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałybyście	fraternizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fraternizowałybyśmy	fraternizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fraternizowały	fraternizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fraternizowały	fraternizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fraternizowałyście	fraternizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fraternizowałyśmy	fraternizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fraternizowaniach	fraternizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowania	fraternizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowania	fraternizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowaniami	fraternizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowanie	fraternizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowaniem	fraternizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowaniom	fraternizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowaniu	fraternizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizowano	fraternizować	imps:imperf		
fraternizowań	fraternizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizująca	fraternizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fraternizującą	fraternizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fraternizujące	fraternizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fraternizujące	fraternizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizującego	fraternizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fraternizującego	fraternizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizującej	fraternizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fraternizującemu	fraternizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizując	fraternizować	pcon:imperf		
fraternizująco	fraternizować	pacta		
fraternizujących	fraternizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fraternizujących	fraternizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fraternizujący	fraternizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fraternizujący	fraternizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fraternizujący	fraternizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fraternizującym	fraternizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fraternizującym	fraternizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fraternizującymi	fraternizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fraternizują	fraternizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fraternizujcie	fraternizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fraternizujecie	fraternizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fraternizuje	fraternizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fraternizujemy	fraternizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fraternizujesz	fraternizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fraternizuję	fraternizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fraternizuj	fraternizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fraternizujmy	fraternizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fratriach	fratria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratria	fratria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratriami	fratria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrią	fratria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrie	fratria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrie	fratria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrie	fratria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrię	fratria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrii	fratria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fratrii	fratria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrii	fratria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrii	fratria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratrio	fratria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratriom	fratria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fratryj	fratria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fraucymerach	fraucymer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerami	fraucymer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerem	fraucymer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymer	fraucymer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymer	fraucymer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerom	fraucymer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerowi	fraucymer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerów	fraucymer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymeru	fraucymer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymery	fraucymer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymery	fraucymer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymery	fraucymer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerze	fraucymer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fraucymerze	fraucymer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazach	fraza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraza	fraza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazami	fraza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazą	fraza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazę	fraza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fraz	fraza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazie	fraza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazie	fraza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazo	fraza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazom	fraza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazy	fraza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazy	fraza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazy	fraza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazy	fraza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeolodzy	frazeolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeolodzy	frazeolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologach	frazeolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologa	frazeolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologa	frazeolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologami	frazeolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeolog	frazeolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologiem	frazeolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologi	frazeolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologi	frazeolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologom	frazeolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologowie	frazeolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologowie	frazeolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologowi	frazeolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologów	frazeolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologów	frazeolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologu	frazeolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologu	frazeolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frazeologiach	frazeologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologia	frazeologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologiami	frazeologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologią	frazeologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologie	frazeologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologie	frazeologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologie	frazeologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologię	frazeologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologii	frazeologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
frazeologii	frazeologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologii	frazeologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologii	frazeologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologij	frazeologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
frazeologio	frazeologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologiom	frazeologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologicznie	frazeologicznie	adv:pos		
frazeologicznościach	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologicznościami	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologicznością	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczności	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologicznościom	frazeologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczność	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczność	frazeologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazeologiczna	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frazeologiczną	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frazeologiczną	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frazeologiczne	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologiczne	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologiczne	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frazeologiczne	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frazeologicznego	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frazeologicznego	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazeologicznej	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frazeologicznej	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frazeologicznej	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frazeologicznemu	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazeologiczni	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frazeologiczno	frazeologiczny	adja		
frazeologicznych	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frazeologicznych	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologicznych	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologiczny	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frazeologiczny	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frazeologicznym	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologicznym	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazeologicznym	frazeologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazeologicznymi	frazeologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazeologizacjach	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacja	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacjami	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacją	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacje	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacje	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacje	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizację	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacji	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
frazeologizacji	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacji	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacji	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacjo	frazeologizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacjom	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizacyj	frazeologizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
frazeologizmach	frazeologizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmami	frazeologizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmem	frazeologizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizm	frazeologizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizm	frazeologizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmie	frazeologizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmie	frazeologizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmom	frazeologizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmowi	frazeologizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmów	frazeologizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmu	frazeologizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmy	frazeologizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmy	frazeologizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizmy	frazeologizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
frazeologizować	frazeologizować	inf:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowaliby	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowalibyście	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowalibyśmy	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowali	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowali	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowaliście	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowaliśmy	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałaby	frazeologizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałabym	frazeologizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałabyś	frazeologizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowała	frazeologizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowała	frazeologizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałam	frazeologizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałaś	frazeologizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałby	frazeologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałbym	frazeologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałbyś	frazeologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałem	frazeologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałeś	frazeologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizował	frazeologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizował	frazeologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałoby	frazeologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałobym	frazeologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałobyś	frazeologizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowało	frazeologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowało	frazeologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałom	frazeologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałoś	frazeologizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałyby	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałybyście	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałybyśmy	frazeologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowały	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowały	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałyście	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowałyśmy	frazeologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowana	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaną	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowane	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowane	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanego	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanego	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanej	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanemu	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaniach	frazeologizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowania	frazeologizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowania	frazeologizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaniami	frazeologizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanie	frazeologizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaniem	frazeologizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowani	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaniom	frazeologizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowaniu	frazeologizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowano	frazeologizować	imps:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizowanych	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanych	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowany	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowany	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanym	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanym	frazeologizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowanymi	frazeologizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizowań	frazeologizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizująca	frazeologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującą	frazeologizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujące	frazeologizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujące	frazeologizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującego	frazeologizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującego	frazeologizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującej	frazeologizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującemu	frazeologizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizując	frazeologizować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizująco	frazeologizować	pacta		
frazeologizujących	frazeologizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujących	frazeologizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujący	frazeologizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujący	frazeologizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizujący	frazeologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującym	frazeologizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującym	frazeologizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazeologizującymi	frazeologizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazeologizują	frazeologizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizujcie	frazeologizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizujecie	frazeologizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizuje	frazeologizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizujemy	frazeologizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizujesz	frazeologizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizuję	frazeologizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizuj	frazeologizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
frazeologizujmy	frazeologizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
frazesach	frazes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesami	frazes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesem	frazes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazes	frazes	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazes	frazes	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesie	frazes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesie	frazes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesom	frazes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowi	frazes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesów	frazes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesu	frazes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesy	frazes	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesy	frazes	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesy	frazes	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesikach	frazesik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesikami	frazesik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesik	frazesik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesik	frazesik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesikiem	frazesik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiki	frazesik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiki	frazesik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiki	frazesik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesikom	frazesik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesikowi	frazesik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesików	frazesik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiku	frazesik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiku	frazesik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiku	frazesik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiskach	frazesisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiska	frazesisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiska	frazesisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiska	frazesisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiska	frazesisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiskami	frazesisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisk	frazesisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiskiem	frazesisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisko	frazesisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisko	frazesisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisko	frazesisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesiskom	frazesisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisku	frazesisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesisku	frazesisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczach	frazesowicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicza	frazesowicz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicza	frazesowicz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczami	frazesowicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicze	frazesowicz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicze	frazesowicz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicze	frazesowicz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicze	frazesowicz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczem	frazesowicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowicz	frazesowicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczom	frazesowicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczowi	frazesowicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczów	frazesowicz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczów	frazesowicz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczu	frazesowicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowiczu	frazesowicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowościach	frazesowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowościami	frazesowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowością	frazesowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowości	frazesowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowościom	frazesowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowość	frazesowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowość	frazesowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazesowa	frazesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frazesową	frazesowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frazesową	frazesowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frazesowe	frazesowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazesowe	frazesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazesowe	frazesowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frazesowe	frazesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frazesowego	frazesowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frazesowego	frazesowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazesowej	frazesowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frazesowej	frazesowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frazesowej	frazesowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frazesowemu	frazesowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazesowi	frazesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frazesowo	frazesowy	adja		
frazesowych	frazesowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frazesowych	frazesowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazesowych	frazesowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazesowy	frazesowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frazesowy	frazesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frazesowym	frazesowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazesowym	frazesowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazesowym	frazesowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazesowymi	frazesowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazować	frazować	inf:imperf		
frazowaliby	frazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frazowalibyście	frazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frazowalibyśmy	frazować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frazowali	frazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frazowali	frazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frazowaliście	frazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frazowaliśmy	frazować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frazowałaby	frazować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frazowałabym	frazować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frazowałabyś	frazować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frazowała	frazować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frazowała	frazować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frazowałam	frazować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frazowałaś	frazować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frazowałby	frazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frazowałbym	frazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frazowałbyś	frazować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frazowałem	frazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frazowałeś	frazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frazował	frazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frazował	frazować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frazowałoby	frazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frazowałobym	frazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frazowałobyś	frazować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frazowało	frazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frazowało	frazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frazowałom	frazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frazowałoś	frazować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frazowałyby	frazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frazowałybyście	frazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frazowałybyśmy	frazować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frazowały	frazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frazowały	frazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frazowałyście	frazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frazowałyśmy	frazować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frazowana	frazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frazowaną	frazować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frazowane	frazować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazowane	frazować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazowanego	frazować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frazowanego	frazować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazowanej	frazować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frazowanemu	frazować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazowaniach	frazować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowania	frazować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowania	frazować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowaniami	frazować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowanie	frazować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowaniem	frazować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowani	frazować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazowaniom	frazować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowaniu	frazować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frazowano	frazować	imps:imperf		
frazowanych	frazować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazowanych	frazować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazowany	frazować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frazowany	frazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frazowanym	frazować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazowanym	frazować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazowanymi	frazować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazowań	frazować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frazująca	frazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frazującą	frazować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frazujące	frazować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazujące	frazować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazującego	frazować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frazującego	frazować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazującej	frazować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frazującemu	frazować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazując	frazować	pcon:imperf		
frazująco	frazować	pacta		
frazujących	frazować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazujących	frazować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazujący	frazować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frazujący	frazować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frazujący	frazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frazującym	frazować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazującym	frazować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frazującymi	frazować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frazują	frazować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frazujcie	frazować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frazujecie	frazować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frazuje	frazować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frazujemy	frazować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frazujesz	frazować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frazuję	frazować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frazuj	frazować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frazujmy	frazować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frazowościach	frazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowościami	frazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowością	frazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowości	frazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowościom	frazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowość	frazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowość	frazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frazowa	frazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frazową	frazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frazową	frazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frazowe	frazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazowe	frazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frazowe	frazowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frazowe	frazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frazowego	frazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frazowego	frazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazowej	frazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frazowej	frazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frazowej	frazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frazowemu	frazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazowi	frazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frazowo	frazowy	adja		
frazowych	frazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frazowych	frazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazowych	frazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazowy	frazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frazowy	frazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frazowym	frazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frazowym	frazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazowym	frazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frazowymi	frazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowościach	frażetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowościami	frażetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowością	frażetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowości	frażetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowościom	frażetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowość	frażetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowość	frażetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowscy	frażetowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frażetowska	frażetowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frażetowską	frażetowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frażetowską	frażetowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frażetowskich	frażetowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frażetowskich	frażetowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowskich	frażetowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowskie	frażetowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowskie	frażetowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowskie	frażetowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frażetowskie	frażetowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frażetowskiego	frażetowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frażetowskiego	frażetowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowskiej	frażetowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frażetowskiej	frażetowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frażetowskiej	frażetowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frażetowskiemu	frażetowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowski	frażetowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frażetowski	frażetowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frażetowskim	frażetowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowskim	frażetowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowskim	frażetowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowskimi	frażetowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowsko	frażetowski	adja		
frażetowsku	frażetowski	adjp		
frażetowsko	frażetowsko	adv:pos		
frażetowskościach	frażetowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskościami	frażetowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskością	frażetowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskości	frażetowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskościom	frażetowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskość	frażetowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowskość	frażetowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frażetowa	frażetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frażetową	frażetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frażetową	frażetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frażetowe	frażetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowe	frażetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowe	frażetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frażetowe	frażetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frażetowego	frażetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frażetowego	frażetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowej	frażetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frażetowej	frażetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frażetowej	frażetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frażetowemu	frażetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowi	frażetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frażetowo	frażetowy	adja		
frażetowych	frażetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frażetowych	frażetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowych	frażetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowy	frażetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frażetowy	frażetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frażetowym	frażetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetowym	frażetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowym	frażetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frażetowymi	frażetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frażetach	frażety	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażetami	frażety	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażetom	frażety	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażetów	frażety	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażety	frażety	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażety	frażety	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
frażety	frażety	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
freblance	freblanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblance	freblanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanek	freblanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblankach	freblanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanka	freblanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblankami	freblanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanką	freblanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblankę	freblanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanki	freblanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanki	freblanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanki	freblanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanki	freblanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblanko	freblanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblankom	freblanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblowscy	freblowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
freblowska	freblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
freblowską	freblowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
freblowską	freblowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
freblowskich	freblowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
freblowskich	freblowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freblowskich	freblowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freblowskie	freblowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freblowskie	freblowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freblowskie	freblowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
freblowskie	freblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
freblowskiego	freblowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
freblowskiego	freblowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freblowskiej	freblowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
freblowskiej	freblowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
freblowskiej	freblowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
freblowskiemu	freblowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freblowski	freblowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
freblowski	freblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
freblowskim	freblowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freblowskim	freblowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freblowskim	freblowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freblowskimi	freblowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freblowsko	freblowski	adja		
freblowsku	freblowski	adjp		
freblowsko	freblowsko	adv:pos		
freblowskościach	freblowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskościami	freblowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskością	freblowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskości	freblowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskościom	freblowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskość	freblowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblowskość	freblowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freblówce	freblówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówce	freblówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówek	freblówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówkach	freblówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówka	freblówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówkami	freblówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówką	freblówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówkę	freblówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówki	freblówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówki	freblówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówki	freblówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówki	freblówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówko	freblówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freblówkom	freblówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fredrolodzy	fredrolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrolodzy	fredrolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologach	fredrolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologa	fredrolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologa	fredrolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologami	fredrolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrolog	fredrolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologiem	fredrolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologi	fredrolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologi	fredrolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologom	fredrolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologowie	fredrolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologowie	fredrolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologowi	fredrolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologów	fredrolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologów	fredrolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologu	fredrolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredrologu	fredrolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolscy	fredropolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fredropolska	fredropolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fredropolską	fredropolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fredropolską	fredropolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fredropolskich	fredropolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fredropolskich	fredropolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolskich	fredropolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolskie	fredropolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolskie	fredropolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolskie	fredropolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fredropolskie	fredropolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fredropolskiego	fredropolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fredropolskiego	fredropolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredropolskiej	fredropolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fredropolskiej	fredropolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fredropolskiej	fredropolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fredropolskiemu	fredropolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredropolski	fredropolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fredropolski	fredropolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fredropolskim	fredropolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolskim	fredropolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredropolskim	fredropolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredropolskimi	fredropolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredropolsko	fredropolski	adja		
fredropolsku	fredropolski	adjp		
fredropolsko	fredropolsko	adv:pos		
fredropolskościach	fredropolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskościami	fredropolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskością	fredropolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskości	fredropolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskościom	fredropolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskość	fredropolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredropolskość	fredropolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowscy	fredrowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fredrowska	fredrowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fredrowską	fredrowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fredrowską	fredrowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fredrowskich	fredrowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fredrowskich	fredrowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowskich	fredrowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowskie	fredrowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowskie	fredrowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowskie	fredrowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fredrowskie	fredrowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fredrowskiego	fredrowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fredrowskiego	fredrowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredrowskiej	fredrowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fredrowskiej	fredrowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fredrowskiej	fredrowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fredrowskiemu	fredrowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredrowski	fredrowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fredrowski	fredrowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fredrowskim	fredrowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowskim	fredrowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredrowskim	fredrowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fredrowskimi	fredrowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fredrowsko	fredrowski	adja		
fredrowsku	fredrowski	adjp		
fredrowsko	fredrowsko	adv:pos		
fredrowskościach	fredrowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskościami	fredrowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskością	fredrowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskości	fredrowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskościom	fredrowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskość	fredrowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fredrowskość	fredrowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’ach	freestyle	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’ach	freestyle	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’a	freestyle	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’a	freestyle	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’ami	freestyle	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’ami	freestyle	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’e	freestyle	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’em	freestyle	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’em	freestyle	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle	freestyle	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle	freestyle	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle	freestyle	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’i	freestyle	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’om	freestyle	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’om	freestyle	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’owi	freestyle	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’owi	freestyle	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’ów	freestyle	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’u	freestyle	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’u	freestyle	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’u	freestyle	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’u	freestyle	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestyle’u	freestyle	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcach	freestylowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowca	freestylowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowca	freestylowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcami	freestylowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowce	freestylowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowce	freestylowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcem	freestylowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcom	freestylowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcowi	freestylowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowców	freestylowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowców	freestylowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcu	freestylowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcu	freestylowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcy	freestylowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcy	freestylowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowcze	freestylowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowiec	freestylowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowościach	freestylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowościami	freestylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowością	freestylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowości	freestylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowościom	freestylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowość	freestylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowość	freestylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freestylowa	freestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
freestylową	freestylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
freestylową	freestylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
freestylowe	freestylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freestylowe	freestylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freestylowe	freestylowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
freestylowe	freestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
freestylowego	freestylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
freestylowego	freestylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freestylowej	freestylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
freestylowej	freestylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
freestylowej	freestylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
freestylowemu	freestylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freestylowi	freestylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
freestylowo	freestylowy	adja		
freestylowych	freestylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
freestylowych	freestylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freestylowych	freestylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freestylowy	freestylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
freestylowy	freestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
freestylowym	freestylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freestylowym	freestylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freestylowym	freestylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freestylowymi	freestylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fregacie	fregata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregacie	fregata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatach	fregata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregata	fregata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatami	fregata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatą	fregata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatę	fregata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregat	fregata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregato	fregata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatom	fregata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregaty	fregata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregaty	fregata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregaty	fregata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregaty	fregata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonach	fregaton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatona	fregaton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonami	fregaton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonem	fregaton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregaton	fregaton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregaton	fregaton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonie	fregaton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonie	fregaton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonom	fregaton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonowi	fregaton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonów	fregaton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatonu	fregaton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatony	fregaton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatony	fregaton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fregatony	fregaton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frejlinach	frejlina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlina	frejlina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlinami	frejlina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejliną	frejlina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlinę	frejlina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlin	frejlina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlinie	frejlina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlinie	frejlina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlino	frejlina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejlinom	frejlina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejliny	frejlina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejliny	frejlina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejliny	frejlina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frejliny	frejlina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frekwencjach	frekwencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencja	frekwencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencjami	frekwencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencją	frekwencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencje	frekwencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencje	frekwencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencje	frekwencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencję	frekwencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencji	frekwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frekwencji	frekwencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencji	frekwencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencji	frekwencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencjo	frekwencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencjom	frekwencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyj	frekwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frekwencyjnie	frekwencyjnie	adv:pos		
frekwencyjnościach	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjnościami	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjnością	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjności	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjnościom	frekwencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjność	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjność	frekwencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencyjna	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frekwencyjną	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frekwencyjną	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frekwencyjne	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencyjne	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencyjne	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjne	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjnego	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frekwencyjnego	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjnej	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frekwencyjnej	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frekwencyjnej	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frekwencyjnemu	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjni	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frekwencyjno	frekwencyjny	adja		
frekwencyjnych	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frekwencyjnych	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencyjnych	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencyjny	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frekwencyjny	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frekwencyjnym	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencyjnym	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjnym	frekwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frekwencyjnymi	frekwencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frekwencie	frekwenta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwencie	frekwenta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentach	frekwenta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwenta	frekwenta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentami	frekwenta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentą	frekwenta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentę	frekwenta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwent	frekwenta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwento	frekwenta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentom	frekwenta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwenty	frekwenta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwenty	frekwenta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwenty	frekwenta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwenty	frekwenta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frekwentować	frekwentować	inf:imperf		daw.
frekwentowaliby	frekwentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowalibyście	frekwentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowalibyśmy	frekwentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowali	frekwentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
frekwentowali	frekwentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowaliście	frekwentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowaliśmy	frekwentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałaby	frekwentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałabym	frekwentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałabyś	frekwentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowała	frekwentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
frekwentowała	frekwentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałam	frekwentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałaś	frekwentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałby	frekwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałbym	frekwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałbyś	frekwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałem	frekwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałeś	frekwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentował	frekwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
frekwentował	frekwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałoby	frekwentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałobym	frekwentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałobyś	frekwentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowało	frekwentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
frekwentowało	frekwentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałom	frekwentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałoś	frekwentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałyby	frekwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałybyście	frekwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałybyśmy	frekwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowały	frekwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
frekwentowały	frekwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałyście	frekwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentowałyśmy	frekwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentowana	frekwentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaną	frekwentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentowane	frekwentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowane	frekwentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanego	frekwentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanego	frekwentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanej	frekwentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanemu	frekwentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaniach	frekwentować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowania	frekwentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowania	frekwentować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaniami	frekwentować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanie	frekwentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaniem	frekwentować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowani	frekwentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaniom	frekwentować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowaniu	frekwentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowano	frekwentować	imps:imperf		daw.
frekwentowanych	frekwentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanych	frekwentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowany	frekwentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowany	frekwentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanym	frekwentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanym	frekwentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentowanymi	frekwentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentowań	frekwentować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentująca	frekwentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentującą	frekwentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentujące	frekwentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentujące	frekwentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentującego	frekwentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frekwentującego	frekwentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentującej	frekwentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frekwentującemu	frekwentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentując	frekwentować	pcon:imperf		daw.
frekwentująco	frekwentować	pacta		
frekwentujących	frekwentować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frekwentujących	frekwentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentujący	frekwentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frekwentujący	frekwentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frekwentujący	frekwentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frekwentującym	frekwentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentującym	frekwentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frekwentującymi	frekwentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frekwentują	frekwentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentujcie	frekwentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentujecie	frekwentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentuje	frekwentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
frekwentujemy	frekwentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentujesz	frekwentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentuję	frekwentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
frekwentuj	frekwentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frekwentujmy	frekwentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frenczach	frencz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencza	frencz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczami	frencz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencze	frencz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencze	frencz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencze	frencz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczem	frencz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencz	frencz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frencz	frencz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczom	frencz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczowi	frencz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczów	frencz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczu	frencz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczu	frencz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenczy	frencz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frenetycznie	frenetycznie	adv:pos		
frenetycznościach	frenetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetycznościami	frenetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetycznością	frenetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczności	frenetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetycznościom	frenetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczność	frenetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczność	frenetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenetyczna	frenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frenetyczną	frenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frenetyczną	frenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frenetyczne	frenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenetyczne	frenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenetyczne	frenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frenetyczne	frenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frenetycznego	frenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frenetycznego	frenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenetycznej	frenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frenetycznej	frenetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frenetycznej	frenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frenetycznemu	frenetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenetyczni	frenetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frenetyczno	frenetyczny	adja		
frenetycznych	frenetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frenetycznych	frenetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenetycznych	frenetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenetyczny	frenetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frenetyczny	frenetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frenetycznym	frenetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenetycznym	frenetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenetycznym	frenetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenetycznymi	frenetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenezjach	frenezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezja	frenezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezjami	frenezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezją	frenezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezje	frenezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezje	frenezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezje	frenezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezję	frenezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezji	frenezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frenezji	frenezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezji	frenezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezji	frenezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezjo	frenezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezjom	frenezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyj	frenezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frenezyjnościach	frenezyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjnościami	frenezyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjnością	frenezyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjności	frenezyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjnościom	frenezyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjność	frenezyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjność	frenezyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenezyjna	frenezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frenezyjną	frenezyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frenezyjną	frenezyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frenezyjne	frenezyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenezyjne	frenezyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenezyjne	frenezyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjne	frenezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjnego	frenezyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frenezyjnego	frenezyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjnej	frenezyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frenezyjnej	frenezyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frenezyjnej	frenezyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frenezyjnemu	frenezyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjni	frenezyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frenezyjno	frenezyjny	adja		
frenezyjnych	frenezyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frenezyjnych	frenezyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenezyjnych	frenezyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenezyjny	frenezyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frenezyjny	frenezyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frenezyjnym	frenezyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenezyjnym	frenezyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjnym	frenezyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenezyjnymi	frenezyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenolodzy	frenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenolodzy	frenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologach	frenolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologa	frenolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologa	frenolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologami	frenolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenolog	frenolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiem	frenolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologi	frenolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frenologi	frenolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frenologom	frenolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologowie	frenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologowie	frenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologowi	frenolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologów	frenolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologów	frenolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologu	frenolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologu	frenolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiach	frenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologia	frenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiami	frenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologią	frenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologie	frenologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologie	frenologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologie	frenologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologię	frenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologii	frenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frenologii	frenologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologii	frenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologii	frenologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologij	frenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frenologio	frenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiom	frenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologicznościach	frenologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologicznościami	frenologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologicznością	frenologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczności	frenologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologicznościom	frenologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczność	frenologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczność	frenologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiczna	frenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frenologiczną	frenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frenologiczną	frenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frenologiczne	frenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenologiczne	frenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frenologiczne	frenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frenologiczne	frenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frenologicznego	frenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frenologicznego	frenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenologicznej	frenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frenologicznej	frenologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frenologicznej	frenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frenologicznemu	frenologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenologiczni	frenologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frenologiczno	frenologiczny	adja		
frenologicznych	frenologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frenologicznych	frenologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenologicznych	frenologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenologiczny	frenologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frenologiczny	frenologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frenologicznym	frenologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenologicznym	frenologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenologicznym	frenologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frenologicznymi	frenologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frenologistach	frenologista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologista	frenologista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistami	frenologista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistą	frenologista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistę	frenologista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologisto	frenologista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistom	frenologista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistów	frenologista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologistów	frenologista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologisty	frenologista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frenologisty	frenologista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frenologisty	frenologista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiście	frenologista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiście	frenologista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiści	frenologista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frenologiści	frenologista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freonach	freon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonami	freon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonem	freon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freon	freon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freon	freon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonie	freon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonie	freon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonom	freon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonowi	freon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonów	freon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freonu	freon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freony	freon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freony	freon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freony	freon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
fresco	fresco	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|szt.|włók.
freskach	fresk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freskami	fresk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresk	fresk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresk	fresk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freskiem	fresk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freski	fresk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freski	fresk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freski	fresk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freskom	fresk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freskowi	fresk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresków	fresk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresku	fresk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresku	fresk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fresku	fresk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freskować	freskować	inf:imperf		
freskowaliby	freskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
freskowalibyście	freskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
freskowalibyśmy	freskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
freskowali	freskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
freskowali	freskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
freskowaliście	freskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
freskowaliśmy	freskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
freskowałaby	freskować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
freskowałabym	freskować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
freskowałabyś	freskować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
freskowała	freskować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
freskowała	freskować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
freskowałam	freskować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
freskowałaś	freskować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
freskowałby	freskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
freskowałbym	freskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
freskowałbyś	freskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
freskowałem	freskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
freskowałeś	freskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
freskował	freskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
freskował	freskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
freskowałoby	freskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
freskowałobym	freskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
freskowałobyś	freskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
freskowało	freskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
freskowało	freskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
freskowałom	freskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
freskowałoś	freskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
freskowałyby	freskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
freskowałybyście	freskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
freskowałybyśmy	freskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
freskowały	freskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
freskowały	freskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
freskowałyście	freskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
freskowałyśmy	freskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
freskowana	freskować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
freskowaną	freskować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
freskowane	freskować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskowane	freskować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskowanego	freskować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
freskowanego	freskować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskowanej	freskować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
freskowanemu	freskować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskowaniach	freskować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowania	freskować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowania	freskować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowaniami	freskować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowanie	freskować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowaniem	freskować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowani	freskować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
freskowaniom	freskować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowaniu	freskować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
freskowano	freskować	imps:imperf		
freskowanych	freskować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
freskowanych	freskować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskowany	freskować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
freskowany	freskować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
freskowanym	freskować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskowanym	freskować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskowanymi	freskować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskowań	freskować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
freskująca	freskować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
freskującą	freskować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
freskujące	freskować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskujące	freskować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskującego	freskować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
freskującego	freskować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskującej	freskować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
freskującemu	freskować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskując	freskować	pcon:imperf		
freskująco	freskować	pacta		
freskujących	freskować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
freskujących	freskować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskujący	freskować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
freskujący	freskować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
freskujący	freskować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
freskującym	freskować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskującym	freskować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
freskującymi	freskować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
freskują	freskować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
freskujcie	freskować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
freskujecie	freskować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
freskuje	freskować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
freskujemy	freskować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
freskujesz	freskować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
freskuję	freskować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
freskuj	freskować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
freskujmy	freskować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
freskowościach	freskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowościami	freskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowością	freskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowości	freskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowościom	freskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowość	freskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowość	freskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freskowa	freskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
freskową	freskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
freskową	freskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
freskowe	freskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freskowe	freskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freskowe	freskowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
freskowe	freskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
freskowego	freskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
freskowego	freskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freskowej	freskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
freskowej	freskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
freskowej	freskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
freskowemu	freskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freskowi	freskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
freskowo	freskowy	adja		
freskowych	freskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
freskowych	freskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freskowych	freskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freskowy	freskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
freskowy	freskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
freskowym	freskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freskowym	freskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freskowym	freskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freskowymi	freskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fretce	fretka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretce	fretka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretek	fretka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretkach	fretka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretka	fretka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretkami	fretka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretką	fretka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretkę	fretka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretki	fretka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretki	fretka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretki	fretka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretki	fretka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretko	fretka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fretkom	fretka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowscy	freudowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
freudowska	freudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
freudowską	freudowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
freudowską	freudowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
freudowskich	freudowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
freudowskich	freudowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freudowskich	freudowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freudowskie	freudowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freudowskie	freudowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
freudowskie	freudowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
freudowskie	freudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
freudowskiego	freudowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
freudowskiego	freudowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freudowskiej	freudowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
freudowskiej	freudowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
freudowskiej	freudowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
freudowskiemu	freudowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freudowski	freudowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
freudowski	freudowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
freudowskim	freudowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freudowskim	freudowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freudowskim	freudowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
freudowskimi	freudowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
freudowsko	freudowski	adja		
freudowsku	freudowski	adjp		
freudowsko	freudowsko	adv:pos		
freudowskościach	freudowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskościami	freudowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskością	freudowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskości	freudowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskościom	freudowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskość	freudowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudowskość	freudowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
freudystach	freudysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudysta	freudysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystami	freudysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystą	freudysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystę	freudysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudysto	freudysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystom	freudysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystów	freudysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudystów	freudysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudysty	freudysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freudysty	freudysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
freudysty	freudysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudyście	freudysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudyście	freudysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudyści	freudysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudyści	freudysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmach	freudyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmami	freudyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmem	freudyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzm	freudyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzm	freudyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmie	freudyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmie	freudyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmom	freudyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmowi	freudyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmów	freudyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmu	freudyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmy	freudyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmy	freudyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
freudyzmy	freudyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezach	frez	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezami	frez	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezem	frez	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frez	frez	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frez	frez	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezie	frez	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezie	frez	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezom	frez	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezowi	frez	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezów	frez	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezu	frez	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezy	frez	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezy	frez	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezy	frez	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezach	freza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
freza	freza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezami	freza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezą	freza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezę	freza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frez	freza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezie	freza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezie	freza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezo	freza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezom	freza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezy	freza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezy	freza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezy	freza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezy	freza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frezarce	frezarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarce	frezarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarek	frezarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarkach	frezarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarka	frezarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarkami	frezarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarką	frezarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarkę	frezarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarki	frezarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarki	frezarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarki	frezarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarki	frezarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko	frezarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarkom	frezarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarce	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarce	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarek	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarkach	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarka	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarkami	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarką	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarkę	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarki	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarki	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarki	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarki	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarko	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezarko-kopiarkom	frezarko-kopiarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezerach	frezer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezera	frezer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezera	frezer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerami	frezer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerem	frezer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezer	frezer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerom	frezer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerowi	frezer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerów	frezer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerów	frezer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezery	frezer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frezery	frezer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerze	frezer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerze	frezer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerzy	frezer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerzy	frezer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwach	frezerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwa	frezerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwa	frezerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwa	frezerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwa	frezerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwami	frezerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwem	frezerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstw	frezerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwie	frezerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwo	frezerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwo	frezerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwo	frezerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwom	frezerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezerstwu	frezerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frezjach	frezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezja	frezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezjami	frezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezją	frezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezje	frezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezje	frezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezje	frezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezję	frezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezji	frezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frezji	frezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezji	frezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezji	frezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezjo	frezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezjom	frezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frezyj	frezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frezolach	frezol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolami	frezol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezole	frezol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezole	frezol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezole	frezol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolem	frezol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezol	frezol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezol	frezol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezoli	frezol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolom	frezol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolowi	frezol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolu	frezol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolu	frezol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezolu	frezol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frezować	frezować	inf:imperf		techn.
frezowaliby	frezować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowalibyście	frezować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowalibyśmy	frezować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowali	frezować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		techn.
frezowali	frezować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowaliście	frezować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowaliśmy	frezować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałaby	frezować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałabym	frezować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałabyś	frezować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowała	frezować	praet:sg:f:imperf		techn.
frezowała	frezować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałam	frezować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałaś	frezować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowałby	frezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałbym	frezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałbyś	frezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowałem	frezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałeś	frezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
frezował	frezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		techn.
frezował	frezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałoby	frezować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałobym	frezować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałobyś	frezować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowało	frezować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		techn.
frezowało	frezować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałom	frezować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowałoś	frezować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowałyby	frezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałybyście	frezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowałybyśmy	frezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowały	frezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		techn.
frezowały	frezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.
frezowałyście	frezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.
frezowałyśmy	frezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.
frezowana	frezować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frezowaną	frezować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frezowane	frezować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezowane	frezować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezowanego	frezować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frezowanego	frezować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezowanej	frezować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frezowanemu	frezować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezowaniach	frezować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowania	frezować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowania	frezować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowaniami	frezować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowanie	frezować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowaniem	frezować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowani	frezować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frezowaniom	frezować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowaniu	frezować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frezowano	frezować	imps:imperf		techn.
frezowanych	frezować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frezowanych	frezować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezowany	frezować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frezowany	frezować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frezowanym	frezować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezowanym	frezować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezowanymi	frezować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezowań	frezować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frezująca	frezować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frezującą	frezować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frezujące	frezować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezujące	frezować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezującego	frezować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frezującego	frezować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezującej	frezować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frezującemu	frezować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezując	frezować	pcon:imperf		techn.
frezująco	frezować	pacta		
frezujących	frezować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frezujących	frezować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezujący	frezować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frezujący	frezować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frezujący	frezować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frezującym	frezować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezującym	frezować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frezującymi	frezować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frezują	frezować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		techn.
frezujcie	frezować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
frezujecie	frezować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
frezuje	frezować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		techn.
frezujemy	frezować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
frezujesz	frezować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
frezuję	frezować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		techn.
frezuj	frezować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
frezujmy	frezować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
frędzel	frędzel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzel	frędzel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlach	frędzel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzla	frędzel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlami	frędzel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlem	frędzel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzli	frędzel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlom	frędzel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowi	frędzel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlu	frędzel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlu	frędzel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelek	frędzelek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelek	frędzelek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkach	frędzelek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelka	frędzelek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkami	frędzelek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkiem	frędzelek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkom	frędzelek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowi	frędzelek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelków	frędzelek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelku	frędzelek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelku	frędzelek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelce	frędzelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelce	frędzelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelek	frędzelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkach	frędzelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelka	frędzelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkami	frędzelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelką	frędzelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkę	frędzelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelki	frędzelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelko	frędzelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkom	frędzelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatościach	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatościami	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatością	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatości	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatościom	frędzelkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatość	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowatość	frędzelkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzelkowaci	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzelkowata	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frędzelkowatą	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frędzelkowatą	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frędzelkowate	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzelkowate	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzelkowate	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowate	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowatego	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frędzelkowatego	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowatej	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frędzelkowatej	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frędzelkowatej	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frędzelkowatemu	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowato	frędzelkowaty	adja		
frędzelkowatych	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzelkowatych	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzelkowatych	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzelkowaty	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frędzelkowaty	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frędzelkowatym	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzelkowatym	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowatym	frędzelkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzelkowatymi	frędzelkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlach	frędzla	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzla	frędzla	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlami	frędzla	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlą	frędzla	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzla	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzla	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzle	frędzla	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlę	frędzla	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzli	frędzla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzli	frędzla	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzli	frędzla	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzli	frędzla	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlo	frędzla	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlom	frędzla	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastościach	frędzlastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastościami	frędzlastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastością	frędzlastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastości	frędzlastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastościom	frędzlastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastość	frędzlastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlastość	frędzlastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlasta	frędzlasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frędzlastą	frędzlasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frędzlastą	frędzlasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frędzlaste	frędzlasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlaste	frędzlasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlaste	frędzlasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzlaste	frędzlasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzlastego	frędzlasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frędzlastego	frędzlasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlastej	frędzlasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frędzlastej	frędzlasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frędzlastej	frędzlasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frędzlastemu	frędzlasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlasto	frędzlasty	adja		
frędzlastych	frędzlasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlastych	frędzlasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlastych	frędzlasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlasty	frędzlasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frędzlasty	frędzlasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frędzlastym	frędzlasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlastym	frędzlasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlastym	frędzlasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlastymi	frędzlasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlaści	frędzlasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlistościach	frędzlistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistościami	frędzlistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistością	frędzlistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistości	frędzlistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistościom	frędzlistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistość	frędzlistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlistość	frędzlistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlista	frędzlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frędzlistą	frędzlisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frędzlistą	frędzlisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frędzliste	frędzlisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzliste	frędzlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzliste	frędzlisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzliste	frędzlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzlistego	frędzlisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frędzlistego	frędzlisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlistej	frędzlisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frędzlistej	frędzlisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frędzlistej	frędzlisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frędzlistemu	frędzlisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlisto	frędzlisty	adja		
frędzlistych	frędzlisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlistych	frędzlisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlistych	frędzlisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlisty	frędzlisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frędzlisty	frędzlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frędzlistym	frędzlisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlistym	frędzlisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlistym	frędzlisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlistymi	frędzlisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzliści	frędzlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlować	frędzlować	inf:imperf		
frędzlowaliby	frędzlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frędzlowalibyście	frędzlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frędzlowalibyśmy	frędzlować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frędzlowali	frędzlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frędzlowali	frędzlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frędzlowaliście	frędzlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frędzlowaliśmy	frędzlować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałaby	frędzlować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałabym	frędzlować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałabyś	frędzlować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frędzlowała	frędzlować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frędzlowała	frędzlować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałam	frędzlować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałaś	frędzlować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frędzlowałby	frędzlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałbym	frędzlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałbyś	frędzlować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frędzlowałem	frędzlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałeś	frędzlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frędzlował	frędzlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frędzlował	frędzlować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałoby	frędzlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałobym	frędzlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałobyś	frędzlować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frędzlowało	frędzlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frędzlowało	frędzlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałom	frędzlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frędzlowałoś	frędzlować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frędzlowałyby	frędzlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałybyście	frędzlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frędzlowałybyśmy	frędzlować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frędzlowały	frędzlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frędzlowały	frędzlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frędzlowałyście	frędzlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frędzlowałyśmy	frędzlować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frędzlowana	frędzlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaną	frędzlować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlowane	frędzlować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowane	frędzlować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanego	frędzlować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanego	frędzlować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanej	frędzlować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanemu	frędzlować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaniach	frędzlować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowania	frędzlować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowania	frędzlować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaniami	frędzlować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanie	frędzlować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaniem	frędzlować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowani	frędzlować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaniom	frędzlować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowaniu	frędzlować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowano	frędzlować	imps:imperf		
frędzlowanych	frędzlować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanych	frędzlować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowany	frędzlować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowany	frędzlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanym	frędzlować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanym	frędzlować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlowanymi	frędzlować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlowań	frędzlować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlująca	frędzlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlującą	frędzlować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlujące	frędzlować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlujące	frędzlować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlującego	frędzlować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frędzlującego	frędzlować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlującej	frędzlować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frędzlującemu	frędzlować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlując	frędzlować	pcon:imperf		
frędzlująco	frędzlować	pacta		
frędzlujących	frędzlować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frędzlujących	frędzlować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlujący	frędzlować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frędzlujący	frędzlować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frędzlujący	frędzlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frędzlującym	frędzlować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlującym	frędzlować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frędzlującymi	frędzlować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frędzlują	frędzlować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frędzlujcie	frędzlować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frędzlujecie	frędzlować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frędzluje	frędzlować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frędzlujemy	frędzlować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frędzlujesz	frędzlować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frędzluję	frędzlować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frędzluj	frędzlować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frędzlujmy	frędzlować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frędzlowatościach	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatościami	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatością	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatości	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatościom	frędzlowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatość	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowatość	frędzlowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frędzlowaci	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlowata	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frędzlowatą	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frędzlowatą	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frędzlowate	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlowate	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlowate	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowate	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowatego	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frędzlowatego	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowatej	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frędzlowatej	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frędzlowatej	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frędzlowatemu	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowato	frędzlowaty	adja		
frędzlowatych	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frędzlowatych	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlowatych	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlowaty	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frędzlowaty	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frędzlowatym	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frędzlowatym	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowatym	frędzlowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frędzlowatymi	frędzlowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
friko	friko	burk		pot.
frimaire’ach	frimaire	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’a	frimaire	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’ami	frimaire	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’em	frimaire	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire	frimaire	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire	frimaire	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’om	frimaire	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’owi	frimaire	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’ów	frimaire	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’y	frimaire	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’y	frimaire	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimaire’y	frimaire	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimairze	frimaire	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frimairze	frimaire	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
friulscy	friulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
friulska	friulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
friulską	friulski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
friulską	friulski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
friulskich	friulski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
friulskich	friulski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
friulskich	friulski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
friulskie	friulski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
friulskie	friulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
friulskie	friulski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
friulskie	friulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
friulskiego	friulski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
friulskiego	friulski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
friulskiej	friulski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
friulskiej	friulski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
friulskiej	friulski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
friulskiemu	friulski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
friulski	friulski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
friulski	friulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
friulskim	friulski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
friulskim	friulski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
friulskim	friulski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
friulskimi	friulski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
friulsko	friulski	adja		
friulsku	friulski	adjp		
friulsko	friulsko	adv:pos		
friulskościach	friulskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskościami	friulskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskością	friulskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskości	friulskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskościom	friulskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskość	friulskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
friulskość	friulskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborscy	fromborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fromborska	fromborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fromborską	fromborski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fromborską	fromborski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fromborskich	fromborski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fromborskich	fromborski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fromborskich	fromborski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fromborskie	fromborski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fromborskie	fromborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fromborskie	fromborski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fromborskie	fromborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fromborskiego	fromborski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fromborskiego	fromborski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fromborskiej	fromborski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fromborskiej	fromborski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fromborskiej	fromborski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fromborskiemu	fromborski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fromborski	fromborski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fromborski	fromborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fromborskim	fromborski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fromborskim	fromborski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fromborskim	fromborski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fromborskimi	fromborski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fromborsko	fromborski	adja		
fromborsku	fromborski	adjp		
fromborsko	fromborsko	adv:pos		
fromborskościach	fromborskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskościami	fromborskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskością	fromborskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskości	fromborskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskościom	fromborskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskość	fromborskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fromborskość	fromborskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondach	fronda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fronda	fronda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondami	fronda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondą	fronda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondę	fronda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frond	fronda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondo	fronda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondom	fronda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondy	fronda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondy	fronda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondy	fronda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondy	fronda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondzie	fronda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondzie	fronda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolach	frondibola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibola	frondibola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolami	frondibola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolą	frondibola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibole	frondibola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibole	frondibola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibole	frondibola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolę	frondibola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondiboli	frondibola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondiboli	frondibola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondiboli	frondibola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondiboli	frondibola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolo	frondibola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondibolom	frondibola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frondować	frondować	inf:imperf		rzad.
frondowaliby	frondować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowalibyście	frondować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowalibyśmy	frondować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowali	frondować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
frondowali	frondować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowaliście	frondować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowaliśmy	frondować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałaby	frondować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałabym	frondować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałabyś	frondować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowała	frondować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
frondowała	frondować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałam	frondować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałaś	frondować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowałby	frondować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałbym	frondować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałbyś	frondować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowałem	frondować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałeś	frondować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondował	frondować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
frondował	frondować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałoby	frondować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałobym	frondować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałobyś	frondować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowało	frondować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
frondowało	frondować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałom	frondować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowałoś	frondować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowałyby	frondować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałybyście	frondować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowałybyśmy	frondować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowały	frondować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
frondowały	frondować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondowałyście	frondować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondowałyśmy	frondować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondowaniach	frondować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowania	frondować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowania	frondować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowaniami	frondować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowanie	frondować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowaniem	frondować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowaniom	frondować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowaniu	frondować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frondowano	frondować	imps:imperf		rzad.
frondowań	frondować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frondująca	frondować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frondującą	frondować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frondujące	frondować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frondujące	frondować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frondującego	frondować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frondującego	frondować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frondującej	frondować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frondującemu	frondować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frondując	frondować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
frondująco	frondować	pacta		
frondujących	frondować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frondujących	frondować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frondujący	frondować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frondujący	frondować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frondujący	frondować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frondującym	frondować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frondującym	frondować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frondującymi	frondować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frondują	frondować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondujcie	frondować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondujecie	frondować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
fronduje	frondować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
frondujemy	frondować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondujesz	frondować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
fronduję	frondować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
fronduj	frondować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
frondujmy	frondować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
frondystach	frondysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondysta	frondysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystami	frondysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystą	frondysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystę	frondysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondysto	frondysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystom	frondysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystów	frondysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondystów	frondysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondysty	frondysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frondysty	frondysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frondysty	frondysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondyście	frondysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondyście	frondysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondyści	frondysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frondyści	frondysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froncie	front	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
froncie	front	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontach	front	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontami	front	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontem	front	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
front	front	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
front	front	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontom	front	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontowi	front	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontów	front	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontu	front	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fronty	front	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fronty	front	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fronty	front	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmach	frontalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmami	frontalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmem	frontalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizm	frontalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizm	frontalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmie	frontalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmie	frontalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmom	frontalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmowi	frontalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmów	frontalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmu	frontalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmy	frontalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmy	frontalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalizmy	frontalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontalnie	frontalnie	adv:pos		
frontalnościach	frontalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalnościami	frontalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalnością	frontalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalności	frontalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalnościom	frontalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalność	frontalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalność	frontalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontalna	frontalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frontalną	frontalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frontalną	frontalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frontalne	frontalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontalne	frontalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontalne	frontalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frontalne	frontalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frontalnego	frontalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frontalnego	frontalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontalnej	frontalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frontalnej	frontalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frontalnej	frontalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frontalnemu	frontalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontalni	frontalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frontalno	frontalny	adja		
frontalnych	frontalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frontalnych	frontalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontalnych	frontalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontalny	frontalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frontalny	frontalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frontalnym	frontalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontalnym	frontalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontalnym	frontalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontalnymi	frontalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontispisach	frontispis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisami	frontispis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisem	frontispis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispis	frontispis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispis	frontispis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisie	frontispis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisie	frontispis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisom	frontispis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisowi	frontispis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisów	frontispis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisu	frontispis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisy	frontispis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisy	frontispis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontispisy	frontispis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanach	frontman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmana	frontman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmana	frontman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanami	frontman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanem	frontman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontman	frontman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanie	frontman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanie	frontman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmani	frontman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmani	frontman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanom	frontman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanowi	frontman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanów	frontman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanów	frontman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontmany	frontman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frontmany	frontman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frontmance	frontmanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmance	frontmanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanek	frontmanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmankach	frontmanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanka	frontmanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmankami	frontmanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanką	frontmanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmankę	frontmanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanki	frontmanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanki	frontmanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanki	frontmanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanki	frontmanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmanko	frontmanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmankom	frontmanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmence	frontmenka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmence	frontmenka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenek	frontmenka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenkach	frontmenka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenka	frontmenka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenkami	frontmenka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenką	frontmenka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenkę	frontmenka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenki	frontmenka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenki	frontmenka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenki	frontmenka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenki	frontmenka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenko	frontmenka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontmenkom	frontmenka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezach	frontogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogeneza	frontogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezami	frontogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezą	frontogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezę	frontogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenez	frontogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezie	frontogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezie	frontogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezo	frontogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezom	frontogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezy	frontogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezy	frontogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezy	frontogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontogenezy	frontogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizach	frontoliza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontoliza	frontoliza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizami	frontoliza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizą	frontoliza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizę	frontoliza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontoliz	frontoliza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizie	frontoliza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizie	frontoliza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizo	frontoliza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizom	frontoliza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizy	frontoliza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizy	frontoliza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizy	frontoliza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontolizy	frontoliza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonach	fronton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonami	fronton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonem	fronton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fronton	fronton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fronton	fronton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonie	fronton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonie	fronton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonom	fronton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowi	fronton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonów	fronton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonu	fronton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontony	fronton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontony	fronton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontony	fronton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonikach	frontonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonika	frontonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonikami	frontonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonik	frontonik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonik	frontonik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonikiem	frontonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniki	frontonik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniki	frontonik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniki	frontonik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonikom	frontonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonikowi	frontonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoników	frontonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniku	frontonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniku	frontonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontoniku	frontonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowościach	frontonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowościami	frontonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowością	frontonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowości	frontonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowościom	frontonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowość	frontonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowość	frontonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontonowa	frontonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frontonową	frontonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frontonową	frontonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frontonowe	frontonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontonowe	frontonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontonowe	frontonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frontonowe	frontonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frontonowego	frontonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frontonowego	frontonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontonowej	frontonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frontonowej	frontonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frontonowej	frontonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frontonowemu	frontonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontonowi	frontonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frontonowo	frontonowy	adja		
frontonowych	frontonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frontonowych	frontonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontonowych	frontonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontonowy	frontonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frontonowy	frontonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frontonowym	frontonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontonowym	frontonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontonowym	frontonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontonowymi	frontonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontowcach	frontowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowca	frontowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowca	frontowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcami	frontowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowce	frontowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frontowce	frontowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcem	frontowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcom	frontowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcowi	frontowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowców	frontowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowców	frontowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcu	frontowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcu	frontowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcy	frontowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcy	frontowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowcze	frontowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontowiec	frontowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frontownicy	frontownik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownicy	frontownik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownikach	frontownik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownika	frontownik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownika	frontownik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownikami	frontownik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownik	frontownik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownikiem	frontownik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowniki	frontownik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowniki	frontownik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownikom	frontownik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontownikowi	frontownik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowników	frontownik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowników	frontownik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowniku	frontownik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowniku	frontownik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
frontowo	frontowo	adv:pos		
frontowościach	frontowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowościami	frontowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowością	frontowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowości	frontowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowościom	frontowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowość	frontowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowość	frontowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frontowa	frontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frontową	frontowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frontową	frontowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frontowe	frontowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontowe	frontowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frontowe	frontowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frontowe	frontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frontowego	frontowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frontowego	frontowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontowej	frontowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frontowej	frontowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frontowej	frontowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frontowemu	frontowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontowi	frontowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frontowo	frontowy	adja		
frontowych	frontowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frontowych	frontowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontowych	frontowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontowy	frontowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frontowy	frontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frontowym	frontowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontowym	frontowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontowym	frontowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frontowymi	frontowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frontyspisach	frontyspis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisami	frontyspis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisem	frontyspis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspis	frontyspis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspis	frontyspis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisie	frontyspis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisie	frontyspis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisom	frontyspis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisowi	frontyspis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisów	frontyspis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisu	frontyspis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisy	frontyspis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisy	frontyspis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frontyspisy	frontyspis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
froterach	froter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frotera	froter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frotera	froter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterami	froter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterem	froter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froter	froter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterom	froter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterowi	froter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterów	froter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterów	froter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frotery	froter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frotery	froter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
froterze	froter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterze	froter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterzy	froter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterzy	froter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
froterce	froterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterce	froterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterek	froterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterkach	froterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterka	froterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterkami	froterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterką	froterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterkę	froterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterki	froterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterki	froterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterki	froterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterki	froterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterko	froterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterkom	froterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterować	froterować	inf:imperf		
froterowaliby	froterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
froterowalibyście	froterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
froterowalibyśmy	froterować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
froterowali	froterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
froterowali	froterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
froterowaliście	froterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
froterowaliśmy	froterować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
froterowałaby	froterować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
froterowałabym	froterować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
froterowałabyś	froterować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
froterowała	froterować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
froterowała	froterować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
froterowałam	froterować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
froterowałaś	froterować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
froterowałby	froterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
froterowałbym	froterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
froterowałbyś	froterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
froterowałem	froterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
froterowałeś	froterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
froterował	froterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
froterował	froterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
froterowałoby	froterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
froterowałobym	froterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
froterowałobyś	froterować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
froterowało	froterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
froterowało	froterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
froterowałom	froterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
froterowałoś	froterować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
froterowałyby	froterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
froterowałybyście	froterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
froterowałybyśmy	froterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
froterowały	froterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
froterowały	froterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
froterowałyście	froterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
froterowałyśmy	froterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
froterowana	froterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
froterowaną	froterować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
froterowane	froterować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterowane	froterować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterowanego	froterować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
froterowanego	froterować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterowanej	froterować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
froterowanemu	froterować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterowaniach	froterować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowania	froterować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowania	froterować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowaniami	froterować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowanie	froterować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowaniem	froterować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowani	froterować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
froterowaniom	froterować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowaniu	froterować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
froterowano	froterować	imps:imperf		
froterowanych	froterować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
froterowanych	froterować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterowany	froterować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
froterowany	froterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
froterowanym	froterować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterowanym	froterować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterowanymi	froterować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterowań	froterować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
froterująca	froterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
froterującą	froterować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
froterujące	froterować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterujące	froterować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterującego	froterować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
froterującego	froterować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterującej	froterować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
froterującemu	froterować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterując	froterować	pcon:imperf		
froterująco	froterować	pacta		
froterujących	froterować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
froterujących	froterować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterujący	froterować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
froterujący	froterować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
froterujący	froterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
froterującym	froterować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterującym	froterować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
froterującymi	froterować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
froterują	froterować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
froterujcie	froterować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
froterujecie	froterować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
froteruje	froterować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
froterujemy	froterować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
froterujesz	froterować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
froteruję	froterować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
froteruj	froterować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
froterujmy	froterować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
froterscy	froterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
froterska	froterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
froterską	froterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
froterską	froterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
froterskich	froterski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
froterskich	froterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
froterskich	froterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
froterskie	froterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
froterskie	froterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
froterskie	froterski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
froterskie	froterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
froterskiego	froterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
froterskiego	froterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
froterskiej	froterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
froterskiej	froterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
froterskiej	froterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
froterskiemu	froterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
froterski	froterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
froterski	froterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
froterskim	froterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
froterskim	froterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
froterskim	froterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
froterskimi	froterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotersko	froterski	adja		
frotersku	froterski	adjp		
frotersko	frotersko	adv:pos		
froterskościach	froterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskościami	froterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskością	froterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskości	froterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskościom	froterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskość	froterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
froterskość	froterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotce	frotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotce	frotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotek	frotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotkach	frotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotka	frotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotkami	frotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotką	frotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotkę	frotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotki	frotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotki	frotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotki	frotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotki	frotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotko	frotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotkom	frotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowościach	frotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowościami	frotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowością	frotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowości	frotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowościom	frotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowość	frotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowość	frotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frotowa	frotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frotową	frotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frotową	frotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frotowe	frotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotowe	frotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotowe	frotowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frotowe	frotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frotowego	frotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frotowego	frotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotowej	frotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frotowej	frotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frotowej	frotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frotowemu	frotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotowi	frotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frotowo	frotowy	adja		
frotowych	frotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frotowych	frotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotowych	frotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotowy	frotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frotowy	frotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frotowym	frotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotowym	frotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotowym	frotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotowymi	frotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frotte	frotte	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frotté	frotté:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frotté	frotté:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frr	frr	interj		
fru	fru	interj		
fructidorach	fructidor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidora	fructidor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorami	fructidor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorem	fructidor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidor	fructidor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidor	fructidor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorom	fructidor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorowi	fructidor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorów	fructidor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidory	fructidor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidory	fructidor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidory	fructidor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorze	fructidor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fructidorze	fructidor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruczakach	fruczak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaka	fruczak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaka	fruczak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczakami	fruczak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczak	fruczak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczakiem	fruczak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaki	fruczak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaki	fruczak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaki	fruczak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczakom	fruczak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczakowi	fruczak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaków	fruczak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaku	fruczak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczaku	fruczak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fruczałaby	fruczeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałabym	fruczeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałabyś	fruczeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczała	fruczeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fruczała	fruczeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałam	fruczeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałaś	fruczeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczałby	fruczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałbym	fruczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałbyś	fruczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczałem	fruczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałeś	fruczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczał	fruczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fruczał	fruczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałoby	fruczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałobym	fruczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałobyś	fruczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczało	fruczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fruczało	fruczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałom	fruczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczałoś	fruczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczałyby	fruczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałybyście	fruczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczałybyśmy	fruczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczały	fruczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fruczały	fruczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczałyście	fruczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczałyśmy	fruczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczano	fruczeć	imps:imperf		daw.
frucząca	fruczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fruczącą	fruczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fruczące	fruczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruczące	fruczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruczącego	fruczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fruczącego	fruczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruczącej	fruczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fruczącemu	fruczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frucząc	fruczeć	pcon:imperf		daw.
frucząco	fruczeć	pacta		
fruczących	fruczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruczących	fruczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruczący	fruczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruczący	fruczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fruczący	fruczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fruczącym	fruczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruczącym	fruczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruczącymi	fruczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruczą	fruczeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczcie	fruczeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczeć	fruczeć	inf:imperf		daw.
fruczeliby	fruczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczelibyście	fruczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczelibyśmy	fruczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczeli	fruczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fruczeli	fruczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczeliście	fruczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczeliśmy	fruczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczeniach	fruczeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczenia	fruczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczenia	fruczeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczeniami	fruczeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczenie	fruczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczeniem	fruczeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczeniom	fruczeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczeniu	fruczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczeń	fruczeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruczę	fruczeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
frucz	fruczeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczmy	fruczeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczycie	fruczeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fruczy	fruczeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fruczymy	fruczeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fruczysz	fruczeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frukcie	frukt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukcie	frukt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktach	frukt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukta	frukt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukta	frukt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukta	frukt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktami	frukt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktem	frukt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukt	frukt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frukt	frukt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktom	frukt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowi	frukt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktów	frukt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktu	frukt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowicie	fruktowit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowicie	fruktowit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitach	fruktowit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitami	fruktowit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitem	fruktowit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowit	fruktowit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowit	fruktowit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitom	fruktowit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitowi	fruktowit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitów	fruktowit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowitu	fruktowit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowity	fruktowit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowity	fruktowit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowity	fruktowit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fruktowościach	fruktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowościami	fruktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowością	fruktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowości	fruktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowościom	fruktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowość	fruktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowość	fruktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktowa	fruktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fruktową	fruktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fruktową	fruktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fruktowe	fruktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktowe	fruktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktowe	fruktowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowe	fruktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowego	fruktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fruktowego	fruktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowej	fruktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fruktowej	fruktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fruktowej	fruktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fruktowemu	fruktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowi	fruktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fruktowo	fruktowy	adja		daw.
fruktowych	fruktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fruktowych	fruktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktowych	fruktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktowy	fruktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fruktowy	fruktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fruktowym	fruktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktowym	fruktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowym	fruktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fruktowymi	fruktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fruktozach	fruktoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktoza	fruktoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozami	fruktoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozą	fruktoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozę	fruktoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktoz	fruktoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozie	fruktoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozie	fruktoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozo	fruktoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozom	fruktoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozy	fruktoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozy	fruktoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozy	fruktoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktozy	fruktoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruktyfikacjach	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacja	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacjami	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacją	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacje	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacje	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacje	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikację	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacji	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
fruktyfikacji	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacji	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacji	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacjo	fruktyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacjom	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fruktyfikacyj	fruktyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
fruktyfikować	fruktyfikować	inf:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowaliby	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowalibyście	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowalibyśmy	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowali	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowali	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowaliście	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowaliśmy	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałaby	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałabym	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałabyś	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowała	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowała	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałam	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałaś	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałby	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałbym	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałbyś	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałem	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałeś	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikował	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikował	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałoby	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałobym	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałobyś	fruktyfikować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowało	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowało	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałom	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałoś	fruktyfikować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałyby	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałybyście	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałybyśmy	fruktyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowały	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowały	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałyście	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowałyśmy	fruktyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowaniach	fruktyfikować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowania	fruktyfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowania	fruktyfikować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowaniami	fruktyfikować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowanie	fruktyfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowaniem	fruktyfikować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowaniom	fruktyfikować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowaniu	fruktyfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikowano	fruktyfikować	imps:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikowań	fruktyfikować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikująca	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującą	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujące	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujące	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującego	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującego	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującej	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującemu	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikując	fruktyfikować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikująco	fruktyfikować	pacta		
fruktyfikujących	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujących	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujący	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujący	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikujący	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującym	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującym	fruktyfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikującymi	fruktyfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruktyfikują	fruktyfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikujcie	fruktyfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikujecie	fruktyfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikuje	fruktyfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikujemy	fruktyfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikujesz	fruktyfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikuję	fruktyfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikuj	fruktyfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fruktyfikujmy	fruktyfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frullacie	frullato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullatach	frullato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullata	frullato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullata	frullato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullata	frullato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullata	frullato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullatami	frullato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullatem	frullato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullat	frullato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullato	frullato	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullatom	frullato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frullatu	frullato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
frunąć	frunąć:v1	inf:perf		
fruną	frunąć:v1	fin:pl:ter:perf		
frunąłby	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
frunąłbym	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
frunąłbyś	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
frunąłem	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
frunąłeś	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
frunął	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
frunął	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
frunąwszy	frunąć:v1	pant:perf		
frunę	frunąć:v1	fin:sg:pri:perf		
frunęliby	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
frunęlibyście	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
frunęlibyśmy	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
frunęli	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
frunęli	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
frunęliście	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
frunęliśmy	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
frunęłaby	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
frunęłabym	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
frunęłabyś	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
frunęła	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:f:perf		
frunęła	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
frunęłam	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
frunęłaś	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
frunęłoby	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
frunęłobym	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
frunęłobyś	frunąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
frunęło	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
frunęło	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
frunęłom	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
frunęłoś	frunąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
frunęłyby	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
frunęłybyście	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
frunęłybyśmy	frunąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
frunęły	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
frunęły	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
frunęłyście	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
frunęłyśmy	frunąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fruniecie	frunąć:v1	fin:pl:sec:perf		
frunie	frunąć:v1	fin:sg:ter:perf		
fruniemy	frunąć:v1	fin:pl:pri:perf		
fruniesz	frunąć:v1	fin:sg:sec:perf		
frunięciach	frunąć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
frunięcia	frunąć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
frunięcia	frunąć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
frunięciami	frunąć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
frunięcie	frunąć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
frunięciem	frunąć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
frunięciom	frunąć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
frunięciu	frunąć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
frunięć	frunąć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
frunięto	frunąć:v1	imps:perf		
fruńcie	frunąć:v1	impt:pl:sec:perf		
fruń	frunąć:v1	impt:sg:sec:perf		
fruńmy	frunąć:v1	impt:pl:pri:perf		
frunąca	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frunącą	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frunące	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frunące	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frunącego	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frunącego	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frunącej	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frunącemu	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frunąc	frunąć:v2	pcon:imperf		
frunąco	frunąć:v2	pacta		
frunących	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frunących	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frunący	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frunący	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frunący	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frunącym	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frunącym	frunąć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frunącymi	frunąć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frunąć	frunąć:v2	inf:imperf		
fruną	frunąć:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frunąłby	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frunąłbym	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frunąłbyś	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frunąłem	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frunąłeś	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frunął	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frunął	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frunę	frunąć:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frunęliby	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frunęlibyście	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frunęlibyśmy	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frunęli	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frunęli	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frunęliście	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frunęliśmy	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frunęłaby	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frunęłabym	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frunęłabyś	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frunęła	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frunęła	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frunęłam	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frunęłaś	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frunęłoby	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frunęłobym	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frunęłobyś	frunąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frunęło	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frunęło	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frunęłom	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frunęłoś	frunąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frunęłyby	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frunęłybyście	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frunęłybyśmy	frunąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frunęły	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frunęły	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frunęłyście	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frunęłyśmy	frunąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fruniecie	frunąć:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frunie	frunąć:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fruniemy	frunąć:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fruniesz	frunąć:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frunięciach	frunąć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięcia	frunąć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięcia	frunąć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięciami	frunąć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięcie	frunąć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięciem	frunąć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięciom	frunąć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięciu	frunąć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięć	frunąć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frunięto	frunąć:v2	imps:imperf		
fruńcie	frunąć:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fruń	frunąć:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fruńmy	frunąć:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frunzeńscy	frunzeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frunzeńska	frunzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frunzeńską	frunzeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frunzeńską	frunzeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frunzeńskich	frunzeński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frunzeńskich	frunzeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńskich	frunzeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńskie	frunzeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńskie	frunzeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńskie	frunzeński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frunzeńskie	frunzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frunzeńskiego	frunzeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frunzeńskiego	frunzeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frunzeńskiej	frunzeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frunzeńskiej	frunzeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frunzeńskiej	frunzeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frunzeńskiemu	frunzeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frunzeński	frunzeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frunzeński	frunzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frunzeńskim	frunzeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńskim	frunzeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frunzeńskim	frunzeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frunzeńskimi	frunzeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frunzeńsko	frunzeński	adja		
frunzeńsku	frunzeński	adjp		
frunzeńsko	frunzeńsko	adv:pos		
frunzeńskościach	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskościami	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskością	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskości	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskościom	frunzeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskość	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frunzeńskość	frunzeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracjach	frustracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracja	frustracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracjami	frustracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracją	frustracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracje	frustracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracje	frustracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracje	frustracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrację	frustracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracji	frustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frustracji	frustracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracji	frustracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracji	frustracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracjo	frustracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracjom	frustracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyj	frustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frustracyjnie	frustracyjnie	adv:pos		
frustracyjnościach	frustracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjnościami	frustracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjnością	frustracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjności	frustracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjnościom	frustracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjność	frustracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjność	frustracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustracyjna	frustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frustracyjną	frustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frustracyjną	frustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frustracyjne	frustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frustracyjne	frustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frustracyjne	frustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjne	frustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjnego	frustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frustracyjnego	frustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjnej	frustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frustracyjnej	frustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frustracyjnej	frustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frustracyjnemu	frustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjni	frustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frustracyjno	frustracyjny	adja		
frustracyjnych	frustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frustracyjnych	frustracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustracyjnych	frustracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustracyjny	frustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frustracyjny	frustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frustracyjnym	frustracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustracyjnym	frustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjnym	frustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustracyjnymi	frustracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustracie	frustrat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustracie	frustrat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustraci	frustrat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustraci	frustrat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratach	frustrat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustrata	frustrat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustrata	frustrat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratami	frustrat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratem	frustrat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustrat	frustrat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratom	frustrat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratowi	frustrat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratów	frustrat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustratów	frustrat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frustraty	frustrat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frustraty	frustrat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frustratce	frustratka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratce	frustratka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratek	frustratka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratkach	frustratka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratka	frustratka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratkami	frustratka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratką	frustratka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratkę	frustratka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratki	frustratka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratki	frustratka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratki	frustratka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratki	frustratka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratko	frustratka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustratkom	frustratka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrować	frustrować	inf:imperf		
frustrowaliby	frustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frustrowalibyście	frustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frustrowalibyśmy	frustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frustrowali	frustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frustrowali	frustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frustrowaliście	frustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frustrowaliśmy	frustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frustrowałaby	frustrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frustrowałabym	frustrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frustrowałabyś	frustrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frustrowała	frustrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frustrowała	frustrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frustrowałam	frustrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frustrowałaś	frustrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frustrowałby	frustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frustrowałbym	frustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frustrowałbyś	frustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frustrowałem	frustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frustrowałeś	frustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frustrował	frustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frustrował	frustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frustrowałoby	frustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frustrowałobym	frustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frustrowałobyś	frustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frustrowało	frustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frustrowało	frustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frustrowałom	frustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frustrowałoś	frustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frustrowałyby	frustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frustrowałybyście	frustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frustrowałybyśmy	frustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frustrowały	frustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frustrowały	frustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frustrowałyście	frustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frustrowałyśmy	frustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frustrowana	frustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frustrowaną	frustrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frustrowane	frustrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrowane	frustrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowanego	frustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frustrowanego	frustrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowanej	frustrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frustrowanemu	frustrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowaniach	frustrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowania	frustrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowania	frustrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowaniami	frustrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowanie	frustrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowaniem	frustrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowani	frustrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frustrowaniom	frustrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowaniu	frustrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowano	frustrować	imps:imperf		
frustrowanych	frustrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frustrowanych	frustrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrowany	frustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frustrowany	frustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frustrowanym	frustrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrowanym	frustrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrowanymi	frustrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrowań	frustrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frustrująca	frustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frustrującą	frustrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frustrujące	frustrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrujące	frustrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrującego	frustrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frustrującego	frustrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrującej	frustrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frustrującemu	frustrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrując	frustrować	pcon:imperf		
frustrująco	frustrować	pacta		
frustrujących	frustrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frustrujących	frustrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrujący	frustrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frustrujący	frustrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frustrujący	frustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frustrującym	frustrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrującym	frustrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frustrującymi	frustrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frustrują	frustrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frustrujcie	frustrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frustrujecie	frustrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frustruje	frustrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frustrujemy	frustrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frustrujesz	frustrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frustruję	frustrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frustruj	frustrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frustrujmy	frustrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frustrująco	frustrująco	adv:pos		
frustrującościach	frustrującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującościami	frustrującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującością	frustrującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującości	frustrującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującościom	frustrującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującość	frustrującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrującość	frustrującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frustrująca	frustrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frustrującą	frustrujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frustrującą	frustrujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frustrujące	frustrujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frustrujące	frustrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frustrujące	frustrujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frustrujące	frustrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frustrującego	frustrujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frustrującego	frustrujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustrującej	frustrujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frustrującej	frustrujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frustrującej	frustrujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frustrującemu	frustrujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustrująco	frustrujący	adja		
frustrujących	frustrujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frustrujących	frustrujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustrujących	frustrujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustrujący	frustrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frustrujący	frustrujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frustrujący	frustrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frustrującym	frustrujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frustrującym	frustrujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustrującym	frustrujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frustrującymi	frustrujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frutarianach	frutarianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianami	frutarianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarian	frutarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarian	frutarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianie	frutarianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianie	frutarianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianina	frutarianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianina	frutarianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianinem	frutarianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianin	frutarianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianinie	frutarianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianinie	frutarianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianinowi	frutarianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianom	frutarianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frutariany	frutarianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frutariany	frutarianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmach	frutarianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmami	frutarianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmem	frutarianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizm	frutarianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizm	frutarianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmie	frutarianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmie	frutarianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmom	frutarianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmowi	frutarianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmów	frutarianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmu	frutarianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmy	frutarianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmy	frutarianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianizmy	frutarianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frutariance	frutarianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutariance	frutarianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianek	frutarianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutariankach	frutarianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianka	frutarianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutariankami	frutarianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianką	frutarianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutariankę	frutarianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianki	frutarianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianki	frutarianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianki	frutarianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianki	frutarianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutarianko	frutarianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frutariankom	frutarianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwacie	fruwać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fruwać	fruwać	inf:imperf		
fruwa	fruwać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fruwająca	fruwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fruwającą	fruwać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fruwające	fruwać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruwające	fruwać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruwającego	fruwać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fruwającego	fruwać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruwającej	fruwać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fruwającemu	fruwać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruwając	fruwać	pcon:imperf		
fruwająco	fruwać	pacta		
fruwających	fruwać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruwających	fruwać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruwający	fruwać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fruwający	fruwać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fruwający	fruwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fruwającym	fruwać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruwającym	fruwać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fruwającymi	fruwać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fruwają	fruwać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fruwajcie	fruwać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fruwaj	fruwać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fruwajmy	fruwać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fruwaliby	fruwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fruwalibyście	fruwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fruwalibyśmy	fruwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fruwali	fruwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fruwali	fruwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fruwaliście	fruwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fruwaliśmy	fruwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fruwałaby	fruwać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fruwałabym	fruwać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fruwałabyś	fruwać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fruwała	fruwać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fruwała	fruwać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fruwałam	fruwać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fruwałaś	fruwać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fruwałby	fruwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fruwałbym	fruwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fruwałbyś	fruwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fruwałem	fruwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fruwałeś	fruwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fruwał	fruwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fruwał	fruwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fruwałoby	fruwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fruwałobym	fruwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fruwałobyś	fruwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fruwało	fruwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fruwało	fruwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fruwałom	fruwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fruwałoś	fruwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fruwałyby	fruwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fruwałybyście	fruwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fruwałybyśmy	fruwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fruwały	fruwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fruwały	fruwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fruwałyście	fruwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fruwałyśmy	fruwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fruwam	fruwać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fruwamy	fruwać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fruwaniach	fruwać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwania	fruwać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwania	fruwać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwaniami	fruwać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwanie	fruwać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwaniem	fruwać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwaniom	fruwać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwaniu	fruwać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwano	fruwać	imps:imperf		
fruwań	fruwać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fruwasz	fruwać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fruwająco	fruwająco	adv:pos		
fruwającościach	fruwającość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającościami	fruwającość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającością	fruwającość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającości	fruwającość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającościom	fruwającość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającość	fruwającość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwającość	fruwającość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fruwająca	fruwający	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fruwającą	fruwający	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fruwającą	fruwający	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fruwające	fruwający	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fruwające	fruwający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fruwające	fruwający	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fruwające	fruwający	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fruwającego	fruwający	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fruwającego	fruwający	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fruwającej	fruwający	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fruwającej	fruwający	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fruwającej	fruwający	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fruwającemu	fruwający	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fruwająco	fruwający	adja		
fruwających	fruwający	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fruwających	fruwający	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fruwających	fruwający	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fruwający	fruwający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fruwający	fruwający	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fruwający	fruwający	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fruwającym	fruwający	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fruwającym	fruwający	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fruwającym	fruwający	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fruwającymi	fruwający	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fruwaniach	fruwanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwania	fruwanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwania	fruwanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwania	fruwanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwania	fruwanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwaniami	fruwanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwanie	fruwanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwanie	fruwanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwanie	fruwanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwaniem	fruwanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwaniom	fruwanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwaniu	fruwanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwaniu	fruwanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fruwań	fruwanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryburscy	fryburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fryburska	fryburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fryburską	fryburski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fryburską	fryburski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fryburskich	fryburski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fryburskich	fryburski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryburskich	fryburski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryburskie	fryburski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryburskie	fryburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryburskie	fryburski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fryburskie	fryburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fryburskiego	fryburski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fryburskiego	fryburski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryburskiej	fryburski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fryburskiej	fryburski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fryburskiej	fryburski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fryburskiemu	fryburski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryburski	fryburski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fryburski	fryburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fryburskim	fryburski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryburskim	fryburski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryburskim	fryburski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryburskimi	fryburski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frybursko	fryburski	adja		
frybursku	fryburski	adjp		
frybursko	frybursko	adv:pos		
fryburskościach	fryburskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskościami	fryburskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskością	fryburskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskości	fryburskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskościom	fryburskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskość	fryburskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryburskość	fryburskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frycach	fryc	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryca	fryc	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryca	fryc	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycami	fryc	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryce	fryc	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryce	fryc	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryce	fryc	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryce	fryc	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycem	fryc	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryc	fryc	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycom	fryc	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycowi	fryc	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryców	fryc	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryców	fryc	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycu	fryc	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycu	fryc	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
frycostwach	frycostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwa	frycostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwa	frycostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwa	frycostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwa	frycostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwami	frycostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwem	frycostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostw	frycostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwie	frycostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwo	frycostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwo	frycostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwo	frycostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwom	frycostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycostwu	frycostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycować	frycować	inf:imperf		przest.
frycowaliby	frycować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowalibyście	frycować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowalibyśmy	frycować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowali	frycować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
frycowali	frycować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowaliście	frycować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowaliśmy	frycować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałaby	frycować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałabym	frycować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałabyś	frycować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowała	frycować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
frycowała	frycować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałam	frycować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałaś	frycować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowałby	frycować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałbym	frycować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałbyś	frycować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowałem	frycować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałeś	frycować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frycował	frycować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
frycował	frycować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałoby	frycować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałobym	frycować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałobyś	frycować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowało	frycować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
frycowało	frycować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałom	frycować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowałoś	frycować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowałyby	frycować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałybyście	frycować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowałybyśmy	frycować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowały	frycować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
frycowały	frycować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frycowałyście	frycować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frycowałyśmy	frycować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowana	frycować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frycowaną	frycować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frycowane	frycować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycowane	frycować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycowanego	frycować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frycowanego	frycować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycowanej	frycować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frycowanemu	frycować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycowaniach	frycować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowania	frycować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowania	frycować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowaniami	frycować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowanie	frycować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowaniem	frycować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowani	frycować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frycowaniom	frycować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowaniu	frycować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frycowano	frycować	imps:imperf		przest.
frycowanych	frycować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frycowanych	frycować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycowany	frycować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frycowany	frycować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frycowanym	frycować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycowanym	frycować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycowanymi	frycować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycowań	frycować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frycująca	frycować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frycującą	frycować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frycujące	frycować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycujące	frycować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycującego	frycować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frycującego	frycować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycującej	frycować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frycującemu	frycować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycując	frycować	pcon:imperf		przest.
frycująco	frycować	pacta		
frycujących	frycować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frycujących	frycować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycujący	frycować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frycujący	frycować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frycujący	frycować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frycującym	frycować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycującym	frycować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frycującymi	frycować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frycują	frycować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
frycujcie	frycować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frycujecie	frycować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frycuje	frycować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
frycujemy	frycować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frycujesz	frycować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frycuję	frycować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
frycuj	frycować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frycujmy	frycować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowe	frycowe	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowego	frycowe	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowemu	frycowe	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowych	frycowe	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowych	frycowe	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowym	frycowe	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowym	frycowe	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowym	frycowe	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycowymi	frycowe	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
frycówce	frycówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówce	frycówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówek	frycówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówkach	frycówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówka	frycówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówkami	frycówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówką	frycówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówkę	frycówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówki	frycówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówki	frycówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówki	frycówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówki	frycówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówko	frycówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frycówkom	frycówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryderycjańscy	fryderycjański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fryderycjańska	fryderycjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fryderycjańską	fryderycjański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fryderycjańską	fryderycjański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fryderycjańskich	fryderycjański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fryderycjańskich	fryderycjański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańskich	fryderycjański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańskie	fryderycjański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańskie	fryderycjański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańskie	fryderycjański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjańskie	fryderycjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjańskiego	fryderycjański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fryderycjańskiego	fryderycjański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjańskiej	fryderycjański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fryderycjańskiej	fryderycjański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fryderycjańskiej	fryderycjański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fryderycjańskiemu	fryderycjański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjański	fryderycjański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fryderycjański	fryderycjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fryderycjańskim	fryderycjański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańskim	fryderycjański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjańskim	fryderycjański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryderycjańskimi	fryderycjański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryderycjańsko	fryderycjański	adja		
fryderycjańsku	fryderycjański	adjp		
fryderycjańsko	fryderycjańsko	adv:pos		
fryderycjańskościach	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskościami	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskością	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskości	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskościom	fryderycjańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskość	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryderycjańskość	fryderycjańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frydze	fryga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frydze	fryga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygach	fryga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryga	fryga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygami	fryga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygą	fryga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygę	fryga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryg	fryga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygi	fryga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygi	fryga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygi	fryga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygi	fryga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygo	fryga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygom	fryga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygacie	frygać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frygać	frygać	inf:imperf		
fryga	frygać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frygająca	frygać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frygającą	frygać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frygające	frygać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygające	frygać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frygającego	frygać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frygającego	frygać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frygającej	frygać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frygającemu	frygać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frygając	frygać	pcon:imperf		
frygająco	frygać	pacta		
frygających	frygać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frygających	frygać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygający	frygać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frygający	frygać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frygający	frygać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frygającym	frygać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygającym	frygać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frygającymi	frygać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygają	frygać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frygajcie	frygać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frygaj	frygać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frygajmy	frygać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frygaliby	frygać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frygalibyście	frygać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frygalibyśmy	frygać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frygali	frygać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frygali	frygać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frygaliście	frygać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frygaliśmy	frygać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frygałaby	frygać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frygałabym	frygać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frygałabyś	frygać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frygała	frygać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frygała	frygać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frygałam	frygać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frygałaś	frygać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frygałby	frygać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frygałbym	frygać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frygałbyś	frygać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frygałem	frygać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frygałeś	frygać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frygał	frygać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frygał	frygać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frygałoby	frygać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frygałobym	frygać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frygałobyś	frygać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frygało	frygać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frygało	frygać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frygałom	frygać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frygałoś	frygać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frygałyby	frygać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frygałybyście	frygać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frygałybyśmy	frygać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frygały	frygać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frygały	frygać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frygałyście	frygać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frygałyśmy	frygać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frygam	frygać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frygamy	frygać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frygana	frygać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fryganą	frygać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frygane	frygać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygane	frygać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryganego	frygać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fryganego	frygać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryganej	frygać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fryganemu	frygać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryganiach	frygać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frygania	frygać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frygania	frygać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fryganiami	frygać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fryganie	frygać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryganiem	frygać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frygani	frygać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryganiom	frygać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fryganiu	frygać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frygano	frygać	imps:imperf		
fryganych	frygać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryganych	frygać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygany	frygać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frygany	frygać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fryganym	frygać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryganym	frygać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryganymi	frygać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frygań	frygać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frygasz	frygać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frygawce	frygawka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawce	frygawka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawek	frygawka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawkach	frygawka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawka	frygawka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawkami	frygawka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawką	frygawka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawkę	frygawka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawki	frygawka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawki	frygawka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawki	frygawka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawki	frygawka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawko	frygawka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygawkom	frygawka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijce	frygijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijce	frygijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijek	frygijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijkach	frygijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijka	frygijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijkami	frygijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijką	frygijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijkę	frygijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijki	frygijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijki	frygijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijki	frygijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijki	frygijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijko	frygijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijkom	frygijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijscy	frygijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frygijska	frygijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frygijską	frygijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frygijską	frygijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frygijskich	frygijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frygijskich	frygijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygijskich	frygijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygijskie	frygijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frygijskie	frygijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frygijskie	frygijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frygijskie	frygijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frygijskiego	frygijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frygijskiego	frygijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygijskiej	frygijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frygijskiej	frygijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frygijskiej	frygijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frygijskiemu	frygijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygijski	frygijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frygijski	frygijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frygijskim	frygijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygijskim	frygijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygijskim	frygijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygijskimi	frygijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygijsko	frygijski	adja		
frygijsku	frygijski	adjp		
frygijsko	frygijsko	adv:pos		
frygijskościach	frygijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskościami	frygijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskością	frygijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskości	frygijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskościom	frygijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskość	frygijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygijskość	frygijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygnąć	frygnąć	inf:perf		
frygną	frygnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
frygnąłby	frygnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
frygnąłbym	frygnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
frygnąłbyś	frygnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
frygnąłem	frygnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
frygnąłeś	frygnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
frygnął	frygnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
frygnął	frygnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
frygnąwszy	frygnąć	pant:perf		
frygnę	frygnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
frygnęliby	frygnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
frygnęlibyście	frygnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
frygnęlibyśmy	frygnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
frygnęli	frygnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
frygnęli	frygnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
frygnęliście	frygnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
frygnęliśmy	frygnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
frygnęłaby	frygnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
frygnęłabym	frygnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
frygnęłabyś	frygnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
frygnęła	frygnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
frygnęła	frygnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
frygnęłam	frygnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
frygnęłaś	frygnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
frygnęłoby	frygnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
frygnęłobym	frygnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
frygnęłobyś	frygnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
frygnęło	frygnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
frygnęło	frygnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
frygnęłom	frygnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
frygnęłoś	frygnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
frygnęłyby	frygnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
frygnęłybyście	frygnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
frygnęłybyśmy	frygnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
frygnęły	frygnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
frygnęły	frygnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
frygnęłyście	frygnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
frygnęłyśmy	frygnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
frygniecie	frygnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
frygnie	frygnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
frygniemy	frygnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
frygniesz	frygnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
frygnięciach	frygnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięcia	frygnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięcia	frygnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięciami	frygnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięcie	frygnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięciem	frygnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięci	frygnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
frygnięciom	frygnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięciu	frygnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięć	frygnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
frygnięta	frygnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
frygniętą	frygnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
frygnięte	frygnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
frygnięte	frygnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
frygniętego	frygnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
frygniętego	frygnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
frygniętej	frygnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
frygniętemu	frygnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
frygnięto	frygnąć	imps:perf		
frygniętych	frygnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
frygniętych	frygnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
frygnięty	frygnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
frygnięty	frygnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
frygniętym	frygnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
frygniętym	frygnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
frygniętymi	frygnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
frygnijcie	frygnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
frygnij	frygnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
frygnijmy	frygnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
frygoryficie	frygoryfit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryficie	frygoryfit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitach	frygoryfit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitami	frygoryfit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitem	frygoryfit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfit	frygoryfit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfit	frygoryfit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitom	frygoryfit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitowi	frygoryfit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitów	frygoryfit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfitu	frygoryfit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfity	frygoryfit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfity	frygoryfit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygoryfity	frygoryfit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatościach	frygowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatościami	frygowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatością	frygowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatości	frygowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatościom	frygowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatość	frygowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowatość	frygowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frygowaci	frygowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frygowata	frygowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frygowatą	frygowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frygowatą	frygowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frygowate	frygowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frygowate	frygowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frygowate	frygowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frygowate	frygowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frygowatego	frygowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frygowatego	frygowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygowatej	frygowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frygowatej	frygowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frygowatej	frygowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frygowatemu	frygowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygowato	frygowaty	adja		
frygowatych	frygowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frygowatych	frygowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygowatych	frygowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygowaty	frygowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frygowaty	frygowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frygowatym	frygowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frygowatym	frygowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygowatym	frygowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frygowatymi	frygowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykandach	frykando	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykanda	frykando	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykanda	frykando	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykanda	frykando	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykanda	frykando	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykandami	frykando	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykandem	frykando	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykand	frykando	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykando	frykando	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykando	frykando	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykando	frykando	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykandom	frykando	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykandu	frykando	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykandzie	frykando	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
frykasach	frykas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasa	frykas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasami	frykas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasem	frykas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykas	frykas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykas	frykas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasie	frykas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasie	frykas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasom	frykas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasowi	frykas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasów	frykas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasy	frykas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasy	frykas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasy	frykas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasek	frykasek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykasek	frykasek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaskach	frykasek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaska	frykasek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaskami	frykasek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaskiem	frykasek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaski	frykasek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaski	frykasek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaski	frykasek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaskom	frykasek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykaskowi	frykasek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykasków	frykasek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykasku	frykasek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykasku	frykasek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frykasikach	frykasik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasika	frykasik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasikami	frykasik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasik	frykasik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasik	frykasik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasikiem	frykasik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiki	frykasik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiki	frykasik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiki	frykasik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasikom	frykasik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasikowi	frykasik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasików	frykasik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiku	frykasik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiku	frykasik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasiku	frykasik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frykasować	frykasować	inf:imperf		daw.
frykasowaliby	frykasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowalibyście	frykasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowalibyśmy	frykasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowali	frykasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
frykasowali	frykasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowaliście	frykasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowaliśmy	frykasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałaby	frykasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałabym	frykasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałabyś	frykasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowała	frykasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
frykasowała	frykasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałam	frykasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałaś	frykasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowałby	frykasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałbym	frykasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałbyś	frykasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowałem	frykasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałeś	frykasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasował	frykasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
frykasował	frykasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałoby	frykasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałobym	frykasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałobyś	frykasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowało	frykasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
frykasowało	frykasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałom	frykasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowałoś	frykasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowałyby	frykasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałybyście	frykasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowałybyśmy	frykasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowały	frykasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
frykasowały	frykasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasowałyście	frykasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasowałyśmy	frykasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasowana	frykasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frykasowaną	frykasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frykasowane	frykasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasowane	frykasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowanego	frykasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frykasowanego	frykasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowanej	frykasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frykasowanemu	frykasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowaniach	frykasować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowania	frykasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowania	frykasować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowaniami	frykasować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowanie	frykasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowaniem	frykasować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowani	frykasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frykasowaniom	frykasować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowaniu	frykasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowano	frykasować	imps:imperf		daw.
frykasowanych	frykasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frykasowanych	frykasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasowany	frykasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frykasowany	frykasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frykasowanym	frykasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasowanym	frykasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasowanymi	frykasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasowań	frykasować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frykasująca	frykasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frykasującą	frykasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frykasujące	frykasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasujące	frykasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasującego	frykasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frykasującego	frykasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasującej	frykasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frykasującemu	frykasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasując	frykasować	pcon:imperf		daw.
frykasująco	frykasować	pacta		
frykasujących	frykasować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frykasujących	frykasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasujący	frykasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frykasujący	frykasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frykasujący	frykasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frykasującym	frykasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasującym	frykasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frykasującymi	frykasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frykasują	frykasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasujcie	frykasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasujecie	frykasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasuje	frykasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
frykasujemy	frykasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasujesz	frykasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasuję	frykasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
frykasuj	frykasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
frykasujmy	frykasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
frykatywnościach	frykatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywnościami	frykatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywnością	frykatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywności	frykatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywnościom	frykatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywność	frykatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywność	frykatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykatywna	frykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frykatywną	frykatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frykatywną	frykatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frykatywne	frykatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frykatywne	frykatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frykatywne	frykatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frykatywne	frykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frykatywnego	frykatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frykatywnego	frykatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykatywnej	frykatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frykatywnej	frykatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frykatywnej	frykatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frykatywnemu	frykatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykatywni	frykatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frykatywno	frykatywny	adja		
frykatywnych	frykatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frykatywnych	frykatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykatywnych	frykatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykatywny	frykatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frykatywny	frykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frykatywnym	frykatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykatywnym	frykatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykatywnym	frykatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykatywnymi	frykatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykcjach	frykcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcja	frykcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcjami	frykcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcją	frykcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcje	frykcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcje	frykcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcje	frykcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcję	frykcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcji	frykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frykcji	frykcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcji	frykcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcji	frykcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcjo	frykcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcjom	frykcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyj	frykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
frykcyjnościach	frykcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjnościami	frykcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjnością	frykcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjności	frykcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjnościom	frykcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjność	frykcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjność	frykcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frykcyjna	frykcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frykcyjną	frykcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frykcyjną	frykcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frykcyjne	frykcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frykcyjne	frykcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frykcyjne	frykcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjne	frykcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjnego	frykcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frykcyjnego	frykcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjnej	frykcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frykcyjnej	frykcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frykcyjnej	frykcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frykcyjnemu	frykcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjni	frykcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frykcyjno	frykcyjny	adja		
frykcyjnych	frykcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frykcyjnych	frykcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykcyjnych	frykcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykcyjny	frykcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frykcyjny	frykcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frykcyjnym	frykcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frykcyjnym	frykcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjnym	frykcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frykcyjnymi	frykcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frymarczościach	frymarczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczościami	frymarczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczością	frymarczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczości	frymarczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczościom	frymarczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczość	frymarczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarczość	frymarczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarcza	frymarczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
frymarczą	frymarczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
frymarczą	frymarczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
frymarcze	frymarczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarcze	frymarczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarcze	frymarczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarcze	frymarczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarczego	frymarczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
frymarczego	frymarczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarczej	frymarczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
frymarczej	frymarczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
frymarczej	frymarczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
frymarczemu	frymarczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarczo	frymarczy	adja		daw.
frymarczych	frymarczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
frymarczych	frymarczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarczych	frymarczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarczy	frymarczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
frymarczy	frymarczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
frymarczy	frymarczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
frymarczym	frymarczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarczym	frymarczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarczym	frymarczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frymarczymi	frymarczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frymarcząca	frymarczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frymarczącą	frymarczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frymarczące	frymarczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frymarczące	frymarczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczącego	frymarczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frymarczącego	frymarczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczącej	frymarczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frymarczącemu	frymarczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frymarcząc	frymarczyć	pcon:imperf		przest.
frymarcząco	frymarczyć	pacta		
frymarczących	frymarczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frymarczących	frymarczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frymarczący	frymarczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frymarczący	frymarczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frymarczący	frymarczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frymarczącym	frymarczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frymarczącym	frymarczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczącymi	frymarczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frymarczą	frymarczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczcie	frymarczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczeniach	frymarczyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczenia	frymarczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczenia	frymarczyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczeniami	frymarczyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczenie	frymarczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczeniem	frymarczyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczeniom	frymarczyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczeniu	frymarczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczeń	frymarczyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frymarczę	frymarczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarcz	frymarczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczmy	frymarczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczono	frymarczyć	imps:imperf		przest.
frymarczycie	frymarczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyć	frymarczyć	inf:imperf		przest.
frymarczy	frymarczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyliby	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczylibyście	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczylibyśmy	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyli	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
frymarczyli	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyliście	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyliśmy	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłaby	frymarczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłabym	frymarczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłabyś	frymarczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyła	frymarczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
frymarczyła	frymarczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłam	frymarczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłaś	frymarczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłby	frymarczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłbym	frymarczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłbyś	frymarczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłem	frymarczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłeś	frymarczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczył	frymarczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
frymarczył	frymarczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłoby	frymarczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłobym	frymarczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłobyś	frymarczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyło	frymarczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
frymarczyło	frymarczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłom	frymarczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłoś	frymarczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłyby	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłybyście	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłybyśmy	frymarczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczyły	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
frymarczyły	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłyście	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarczyłyśmy	frymarczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczymy	frymarczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
frymarczysz	frymarczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
frymarkach	frymark	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarka	frymark	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarkami	frymark	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymark	frymark	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymark	frymark	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarkiem	frymark	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarki	frymark	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarki	frymark	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarki	frymark	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarkom	frymark	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarkowi	frymark	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarków	frymark	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarku	frymark	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarku	frymark	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymarce	frymarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarce	frymarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarek	frymarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarkach	frymarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarka	frymarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarkami	frymarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarką	frymarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarkę	frymarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarki	frymarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarki	frymarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarki	frymarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarki	frymarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarko	frymarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymarkom	frymarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frymuśnie	frymuśnie	adv:pos		
frymuśniej	frymuśnie	adv:com		
frymuśnościach	frymuśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśnościami	frymuśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśnością	frymuśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśności	frymuśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśnościom	frymuśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśność	frymuśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśność	frymuśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
frymuśna	frymuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
frymuśną	frymuśny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
frymuśną	frymuśny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
frymuśne	frymuśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frymuśne	frymuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frymuśne	frymuśny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśne	frymuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśnego	frymuśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
frymuśnego	frymuśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśnej	frymuśny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
frymuśnej	frymuśny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
frymuśnej	frymuśny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
frymuśnemu	frymuśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśni	frymuśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
frymuśno	frymuśny	adja		przest.
frymuśnych	frymuśny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
frymuśnych	frymuśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frymuśnych	frymuśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frymuśny	frymuśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
frymuśny	frymuśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
frymuśnym	frymuśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frymuśnym	frymuśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśnym	frymuśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
frymuśnymi	frymuśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
frysach	frys	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysami	frys	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysem	frys	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frys	frys	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frys	frys	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysie	frys	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysie	frys	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysom	frys	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysowi	frys	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysów	frys	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysu	frys	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysy	frys	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysy	frys	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysy	frys	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frysce	fryska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frysce	fryska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frysek	fryska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryskach	fryska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryska	fryska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryskami	fryska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryską	fryska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryskę	fryska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryski	fryska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryski	fryska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryski	fryska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryski	fryska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frysko	fryska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryskom	fryska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
frysz	frysz	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fryszerach	fryszer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszera	fryszer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszera	fryszer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerami	fryszer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerem	fryszer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszer	fryszer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerom	fryszer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerowi	fryszer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerów	fryszer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerów	fryszer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszery	fryszer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszery	fryszer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerze	fryszer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerze	fryszer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerzy	fryszer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerzy	fryszer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerce	fryszerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerce	fryszerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerek	fryszerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerkach	fryszerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerka	fryszerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerkami	fryszerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerką	fryszerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerkę	fryszerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerki	fryszerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerki	fryszerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerki	fryszerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerki	fryszerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerko	fryszerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerkom	fryszerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerscy	fryszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fryszerska	fryszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
fryszerską	fryszerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
fryszerską	fryszerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
fryszerskich	fryszerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
fryszerskich	fryszerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszerskich	fryszerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszerskie	fryszerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszerskie	fryszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszerskie	fryszerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerskie	fryszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerskiego	fryszerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
fryszerskiego	fryszerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerskiej	fryszerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
fryszerskiej	fryszerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
fryszerskiej	fryszerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
fryszerskiemu	fryszerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerski	fryszerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
fryszerski	fryszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
fryszerskim	fryszerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszerskim	fryszerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerskim	fryszerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
fryszerskimi	fryszerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
fryszersko	fryszerski	adja		przest.
fryszersku	fryszerski	adjp		przest.
fryszersko	fryszersko	adv:pos		
fryszerskościach	fryszerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskościami	fryszerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskością	fryszerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskości	fryszerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskościom	fryszerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskość	fryszerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszerskość	fryszerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fryszować	fryszować	inf:imperf		przest.
fryszowaliby	fryszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowalibyście	fryszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowalibyśmy	fryszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowali	fryszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
fryszowali	fryszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowaliście	fryszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowaliśmy	fryszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałaby	fryszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałabym	fryszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałabyś	fryszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowała	fryszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
fryszowała	fryszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałam	fryszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałaś	fryszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowałby	fryszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałbym	fryszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałbyś	fryszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowałem	fryszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałeś	fryszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszował	fryszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
fryszował	fryszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałoby	fryszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałobym	fryszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałobyś	fryszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowało	fryszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
fryszowało	fryszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałom	fryszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowałoś	fryszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowałyby	fryszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałybyście	fryszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowałybyśmy	fryszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowały	fryszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
fryszowały	fryszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszowałyście	fryszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszowałyśmy	fryszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszowana	fryszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fryszowaną	fryszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fryszowane	fryszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszowane	fryszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowanego	fryszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fryszowanego	fryszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowanej	fryszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fryszowanemu	fryszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowaniach	fryszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowania	fryszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowania	fryszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowaniami	fryszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowanie	fryszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowaniem	fryszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowani	fryszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryszowaniom	fryszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowaniu	fryszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowano	fryszować	imps:imperf		przest.
fryszowanych	fryszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryszowanych	fryszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszowany	fryszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fryszowany	fryszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fryszowanym	fryszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszowanym	fryszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszowanymi	fryszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszowań	fryszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fryszująca	fryszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fryszującą	fryszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fryszujące	fryszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszujące	fryszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszującego	fryszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fryszującego	fryszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszującej	fryszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fryszującemu	fryszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszując	fryszować	pcon:imperf		przest.
fryszująco	fryszować	pacta		
fryszujących	fryszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryszujących	fryszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszujący	fryszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryszujący	fryszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fryszujący	fryszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fryszującym	fryszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszującym	fryszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryszującymi	fryszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryszują	fryszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszujcie	fryszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszujecie	fryszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszuje	fryszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
fryszujemy	fryszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszujesz	fryszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszuję	fryszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszuj	fryszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
fryszujmy	fryszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
fryszcie	fryszt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszcie	fryszt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztach	fryszt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszta	fryszt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztami	fryszt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztem	fryszt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszt	fryszt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszt	fryszt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztom	fryszt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztowi	fryszt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztów	fryszt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frysztu	fryszt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszty	fryszt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszty	fryszt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryszty	fryszt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
frycie	fryta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frycie	fryta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytach	fryta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryta	fryta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytami	fryta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytą	fryta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytę	fryta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryt	fryta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryto	fryta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytom	fryta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryty	fryta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryty	fryta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryty	fryta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryty	fryta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytce	frytka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytce	frytka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytek	frytka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkach	frytka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytka	frytka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkami	frytka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytką	frytka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkę	frytka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytko	frytka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkom	frytka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarniach	frytkarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnia	frytkarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarniami	frytkarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnią	frytkarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnie	frytkarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnie	frytkarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnie	frytkarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnię	frytkarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarni	frytkarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
frytkarni	frytkarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarni	frytkarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarni	frytkarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarnio	frytkarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarniom	frytkarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkarń	frytkarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
frytek	frytki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytkach	frytki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytkami	frytki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytki	frytki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytkom	frytki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytków	frytki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicach	frytkownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownica	frytkownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicami	frytkownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicą	frytkownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownice	frytkownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownice	frytkownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownice	frytkownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicę	frytkownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownic	frytkownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownico	frytkownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicom	frytkownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicy	frytkownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicy	frytkownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytkownicy	frytkownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturach	frytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytura	frytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturami	frytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturą	frytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturę	frytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytur	frytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturo	frytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturom	frytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytury	frytura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytury	frytura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytury	frytura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frytury	frytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturze	frytura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryturze	frytura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitek	frywolitek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitek	frywolitek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkach	frywolitek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitka	frywolitek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkami	frywolitek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkiem	frywolitek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkom	frywolitek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowi	frywolitek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitków	frywolitek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitku	frywolitek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitku	frywolitek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitce	frywolitka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitce	frywolitka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitek	frywolitka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkach	frywolitka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitka	frywolitka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkami	frywolitka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitką	frywolitka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkę	frywolitka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitki	frywolitka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitko	frywolitka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkom	frywolitka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowościach	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowościami	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowością	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowości	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowościom	frywolitkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowość	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowość	frywolitkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolitkowa	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frywolitkową	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frywolitkową	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frywolitkowe	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frywolitkowe	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frywolitkowe	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowe	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowego	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frywolitkowego	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowej	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frywolitkowej	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frywolitkowej	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frywolitkowemu	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowi	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frywolitkowo	frywolitkowy	adja		
frywolitkowych	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frywolitkowych	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolitkowych	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolitkowy	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frywolitkowy	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frywolitkowym	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolitkowym	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowym	frywolitkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolitkowymi	frywolitkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolnie	frywolnie	adv:pos		
frywolniej	frywolnie	adv:com		
frywolniałaby	frywolnieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frywolniałabym	frywolnieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frywolniałabyś	frywolnieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frywolniała	frywolnieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
frywolniała	frywolnieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
frywolniałam	frywolnieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
frywolniałaś	frywolnieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
frywolniałby	frywolnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frywolniałbym	frywolnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frywolniałbyś	frywolnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frywolniałem	frywolnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
frywolniałeś	frywolnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
frywolniał	frywolnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
frywolniał	frywolnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
frywolniałoby	frywolnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frywolniałobym	frywolnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frywolniałobyś	frywolnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frywolniało	frywolnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
frywolniało	frywolnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
frywolniałom	frywolnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
frywolniałoś	frywolnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
frywolniałyby	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frywolniałybyście	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frywolniałybyśmy	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frywolniały	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
frywolniały	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
frywolniałyście	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
frywolniałyśmy	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
frywolniano	frywolnieć	imps:imperf		
frywolnieć	frywolnieć	inf:imperf		
frywolniejąca	frywolnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącą	frywolnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
frywolniejące	frywolnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frywolniejące	frywolnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącego	frywolnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącego	frywolnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącej	frywolnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącemu	frywolnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frywolniejąc	frywolnieć	pcon:imperf		
frywolniejąco	frywolnieć	pacta		
frywolniejących	frywolnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frywolniejących	frywolnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frywolniejący	frywolnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
frywolniejący	frywolnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
frywolniejący	frywolnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącym	frywolnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącym	frywolnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
frywolniejącymi	frywolnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
frywolnieją	frywolnieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
frywolniejcie	frywolnieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
frywolniejecie	frywolnieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
frywolnieje	frywolnieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
frywolniejemy	frywolnieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
frywolniejesz	frywolnieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
frywolnieję	frywolnieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
frywolniej	frywolnieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
frywolniejmy	frywolnieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
frywolnieliby	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frywolnielibyście	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frywolnielibyśmy	frywolnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frywolnieli	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
frywolnieli	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
frywolnieliście	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
frywolnieliśmy	frywolnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
frywolnieniach	frywolnieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnienia	frywolnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnienia	frywolnieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnieniami	frywolnieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnienie	frywolnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnieniem	frywolnieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnieniom	frywolnieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnieniu	frywolnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnień	frywolnieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
frywolnościach	frywolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolnościami	frywolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolnością	frywolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolności	frywolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolnościom	frywolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolność	frywolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolność	frywolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
frywolna	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
frywolną	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
frywolną	frywolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
frywolne	frywolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frywolne	frywolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
frywolne	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
frywolne	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
frywolnego	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
frywolnego	frywolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolnej	frywolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
frywolnej	frywolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
frywolnej	frywolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
frywolnemu	frywolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolniejsi	frywolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
frywolniejsza	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
frywolniejszą	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
frywolniejszą	frywolny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
frywolniejsze	frywolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
frywolniejsze	frywolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
frywolniejsze	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
frywolniejsze	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
frywolniejszego	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
frywolniejszego	frywolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
frywolniejszej	frywolny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
frywolniejszej	frywolny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
frywolniejszej	frywolny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
frywolniejszemu	frywolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
frywolniejszych	frywolny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
frywolniejszych	frywolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
frywolniejszych	frywolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
frywolniejszy	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
frywolniejszy	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
frywolniejszym	frywolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
frywolniejszym	frywolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
frywolniejszym	frywolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
frywolniejszymi	frywolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
frywolni	frywolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
frywolno	frywolny	adja		
frywolnych	frywolny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
frywolnych	frywolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolnych	frywolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolny	frywolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
frywolny	frywolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
frywolnym	frywolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
frywolnym	frywolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolnym	frywolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
frywolnymi	frywolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzach	fryza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryza	fryza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzami	fryza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzą	fryza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzę	fryza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryz	fryza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzo	fryza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzom	fryza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarniach	fryzarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnia	fryzarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarniami	fryzarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnią	fryzarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnie	fryzarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnie	fryzarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnie	fryzarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnię	fryzarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarni	fryzarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fryzarni	fryzarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarni	fryzarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarni	fryzarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarnio	fryzarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarniom	fryzarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzarń	fryzarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fryzerach	fryzer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzera	fryzer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzera	fryzer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerami	fryzer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerem	fryzer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzer	fryzer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerom	fryzer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerowi	fryzer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerów	fryzer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerów	fryzer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzery	fryzer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzery	fryzer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerze	fryzer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerze	fryzer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerzy	fryzer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerzy	fryzer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fryzerniach	fryzernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernia	fryzernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerniami	fryzernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernią	fryzernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernie	fryzernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernie	fryzernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernie	fryzernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernię	fryzernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerni	fryzernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fryzerni	fryzernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerni	fryzernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerni	fryzernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzernio	fryzernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerniom	fryzernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzerń	fryzernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fryzjerach	fryzjer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjera	fryzjer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjera	fryzjer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerami	fryzjer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerem	fryzjer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjer	fryzjer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerom	fryzjer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerowi	fryzjer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerów	fryzjer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerów	fryzjer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjery	fryzjer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjery	fryzjer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerze	fryzjer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerze	fryzjer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerzy	fryzjer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerzy	fryzjer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykach	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyka	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyka	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykami	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyk	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykiem	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyki	fryzjerczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyki	fryzjerczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykom	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykowie	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykowie	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczykowi	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyków	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyków	fryzjerczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyku	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerczyku	fryzjerczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerce	fryzjerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerce	fryzjerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerek	fryzjerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerkach	fryzjerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerka	fryzjerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerkami	fryzjerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerką	fryzjerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerkę	fryzjerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerki	fryzjerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerki	fryzjerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerki	fryzjerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerki	fryzjerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerko	fryzjerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerkom	fryzjerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerniach	fryzjernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernia	fryzjernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerniami	fryzjernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernią	fryzjernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernie	fryzjernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernie	fryzjernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernie	fryzjernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernię	fryzjernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerni	fryzjernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fryzjerni	fryzjernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerni	fryzjernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerni	fryzjernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjernio	fryzjernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerniom	fryzjernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerń	fryzjernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fryzjerscy	fryzjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzjerska	fryzjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fryzjerską	fryzjerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fryzjerską	fryzjerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fryzjerskich	fryzjerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzjerskich	fryzjerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjerskich	fryzjerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjerskie	fryzjerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjerskie	fryzjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjerskie	fryzjerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerskie	fryzjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerskiego	fryzjerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fryzjerskiego	fryzjerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerskiej	fryzjerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fryzjerskiej	fryzjerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fryzjerskiej	fryzjerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fryzjerskiemu	fryzjerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerski	fryzjerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fryzjerski	fryzjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fryzjerskim	fryzjerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjerskim	fryzjerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerskim	fryzjerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzjerskimi	fryzjerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzjersko	fryzjerski	adja		
fryzjersku	fryzjerski	adjp		
fryzjersko	fryzjersko	adv:pos		
fryzjerskościach	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskościami	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskością	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskości	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskościom	fryzjerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskość	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerskość	fryzjerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwach	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwa	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwa	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwa	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwa	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwami	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwem	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstw	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwie	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwo	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwo	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwo	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwom	fryzjerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzjerstwu	fryzjerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzce	fryzka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzce	fryzka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzek	fryzka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzkach	fryzka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzka	fryzka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzkami	fryzka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzką	fryzka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzkę	fryzka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzki	fryzka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzki	fryzka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzki	fryzka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzki	fryzka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzko	fryzka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzkom	fryzka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonach	fryzon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonami	fryzon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonem	fryzon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzon	fryzon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzon	fryzon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonie	fryzon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonie	fryzon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonom	fryzon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonowi	fryzon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonów	fryzon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzonu	fryzon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzony	fryzon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzony	fryzon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzony	fryzon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzować	fryzować	inf:imperf		
fryzowaliby	fryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fryzowalibyście	fryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fryzowalibyśmy	fryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fryzowali	fryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fryzowali	fryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fryzowaliście	fryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fryzowaliśmy	fryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fryzowałaby	fryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fryzowałabym	fryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fryzowałabyś	fryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fryzowała	fryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fryzowała	fryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fryzowałam	fryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fryzowałaś	fryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fryzowałby	fryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fryzowałbym	fryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fryzowałbyś	fryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fryzowałem	fryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fryzowałeś	fryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fryzował	fryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fryzował	fryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fryzowałoby	fryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fryzowałobym	fryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fryzowałobyś	fryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fryzowało	fryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fryzowało	fryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fryzowałom	fryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fryzowałoś	fryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fryzowałyby	fryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fryzowałybyście	fryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fryzowałybyśmy	fryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fryzowały	fryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fryzowały	fryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fryzowałyście	fryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fryzowałyśmy	fryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fryzowana	fryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fryzowaną	fryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fryzowane	fryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzowane	fryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowanego	fryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fryzowanego	fryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowanej	fryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fryzowanemu	fryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowaniach	fryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowania	fryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowania	fryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowaniami	fryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowanie	fryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowaniem	fryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowani	fryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryzowaniom	fryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowaniu	fryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowano	fryzować	imps:imperf		
fryzowanych	fryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryzowanych	fryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzowany	fryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fryzowany	fryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fryzowanym	fryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzowanym	fryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzowanymi	fryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzowań	fryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fryzująca	fryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fryzującą	fryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fryzujące	fryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzujące	fryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzującego	fryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fryzującego	fryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzującej	fryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fryzującemu	fryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzując	fryzować	pcon:imperf		
fryzująco	fryzować	pacta		
fryzujących	fryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryzujących	fryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzujący	fryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fryzujący	fryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fryzujący	fryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fryzującym	fryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzującym	fryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fryzującymi	fryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fryzują	fryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fryzujcie	fryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fryzujecie	fryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fryzuje	fryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fryzujemy	fryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fryzujesz	fryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fryzuję	fryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fryzuj	fryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fryzujmy	fryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fryzowościach	fryzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowościami	fryzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowością	fryzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowości	fryzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowościom	fryzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowość	fryzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowość	fryzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowa	fryzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fryzową	fryzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fryzową	fryzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fryzowe	fryzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzowe	fryzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzowe	fryzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzowe	fryzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzowego	fryzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fryzowego	fryzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzowej	fryzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fryzowej	fryzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fryzowej	fryzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fryzowemu	fryzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzowi	fryzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzowo	fryzowy	adja		
fryzowych	fryzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzowych	fryzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzowych	fryzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzowy	fryzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fryzowy	fryzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fryzowym	fryzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzowym	fryzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzowym	fryzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzowymi	fryzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzach	fryz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryza	fryz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryza	fryz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzami	fryz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzem	fryz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryz	fryz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzom	fryz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowi	fryz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzów	fryz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzach	fryz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzami	fryz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzem	fryz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryz	fryz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryz	fryz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzie	fryz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzom	fryz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzowi	fryz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzów	fryz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzu	fryz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzy	fryz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurach	fryzura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzura	fryzura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurami	fryzura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurą	fryzura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurę	fryzura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzur	fryzura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzuro	fryzura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurom	fryzura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzury	fryzura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzury	fryzura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzury	fryzura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzury	fryzura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurze	fryzura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurze	fryzura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurce	fryzurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurce	fryzurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurek	fryzurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurkach	fryzurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurka	fryzurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurkami	fryzurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurką	fryzurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurkę	fryzurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurki	fryzurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurki	fryzurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurki	fryzurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurki	fryzurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurko	fryzurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzurkom	fryzurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczycy	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczycy	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczykach	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyka	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyka	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczykami	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyk	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczykiem	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyki	fryzyjczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyki	fryzyjczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczykom	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczykowi	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyków	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyków	fryzyjczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyku	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjczyku	fryzyjczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjscy	fryzyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzyjska	fryzyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fryzyjską	fryzyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fryzyjską	fryzyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fryzyjskich	fryzyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fryzyjskich	fryzyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjskich	fryzyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjskie	fryzyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjskie	fryzyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjskie	fryzyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjskie	fryzyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjskiego	fryzyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fryzyjskiego	fryzyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjskiej	fryzyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fryzyjskiej	fryzyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fryzyjskiej	fryzyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fryzyjskiemu	fryzyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjski	fryzyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fryzyjski	fryzyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fryzyjskim	fryzyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjskim	fryzyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjskim	fryzyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fryzyjskimi	fryzyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fryzyjsko	fryzyjski	adja		
fryzyjsku	fryzyjski	adjp		
fryzyjsko	fryzyjsko	adv:pos		
fryzyjskościach	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskościami	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskością	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskości	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskościom	fryzyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskość	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fryzyjskość	fryzyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinach	ftaleina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleina	ftaleina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinami	ftaleina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleiną	ftaleina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinę	ftaleina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalein	ftaleina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinie	ftaleina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinie	ftaleina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleino	ftaleina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleinom	ftaleina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleiny	ftaleina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleiny	ftaleina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleiny	ftaleina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftaleiny	ftaleina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowościach	ftalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowościami	ftalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowością	ftalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowości	ftalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowościom	ftalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowość	ftalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowość	ftalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftalowa	ftalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ftalową	ftalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ftalową	ftalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ftalowe	ftalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftalowe	ftalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftalowe	ftalowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ftalowe	ftalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ftalowego	ftalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ftalowego	ftalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftalowej	ftalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ftalowej	ftalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ftalowej	ftalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ftalowemu	ftalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftalowi	ftalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ftalowo	ftalowy	adja		
ftalowych	ftalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ftalowych	ftalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftalowych	ftalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftalowy	ftalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ftalowy	ftalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ftalowym	ftalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftalowym	ftalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftalowym	ftalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftalowymi	ftalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatrach	ftizjatra	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatra	ftizjatra	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrami	ftizjatra	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrą	ftizjatra	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrę	ftizjatra	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatro	ftizjatra	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrom	ftizjatra	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrów	ftizjatra	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrów	ftizjatra	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatry	ftizjatra	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatry	ftizjatra	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatry	ftizjatra	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrze	ftizjatra	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrze	ftizjatra	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrzy	ftizjatra	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrzy	ftizjatra	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatriach	ftizjatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatria	ftizjatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatriami	ftizjatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrią	ftizjatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrie	ftizjatria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrie	ftizjatria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrie	ftizjatria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrię	ftizjatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrii	ftizjatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftizjatrii	ftizjatria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrii	ftizjatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrii	ftizjatria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrio	ftizjatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatriom	ftizjatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryj	ftizjatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftizjatrycznościach	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrycznościami	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrycznością	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczności	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatrycznościom	ftizjatryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczność	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczność	ftizjatryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjatryczna	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ftizjatryczną	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ftizjatryczną	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ftizjatryczne	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatryczne	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatryczne	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatryczne	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatrycznego	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ftizjatrycznego	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatrycznej	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ftizjatrycznej	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ftizjatrycznej	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ftizjatrycznemu	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatryczni	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ftizjatryczno	ftizjatryczny	adja		
ftizjatrycznych	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ftizjatrycznych	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatrycznych	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatryczny	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ftizjatryczny	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ftizjatrycznym	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjatrycznym	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatrycznym	ftizjatryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftizjatrycznymi	ftizjatryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftizjochirurgiach	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgia	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgiami	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgią	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgie	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgie	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgie	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgię	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgii	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftizjochirurgii	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgii	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgii	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgij	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftizjochirurgio	ftizjochirurgia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjochirurgiom	ftizjochirurgia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjolodzy	ftizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjolodzy	ftizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologach	ftizjolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologa	ftizjolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologa	ftizjolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologami	ftizjolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjolog	ftizjolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologiem	ftizjolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologi	ftizjolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologi	ftizjolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologom	ftizjolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologowie	ftizjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologowie	ftizjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologowi	ftizjolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologów	ftizjolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologów	ftizjolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologu	ftizjolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologu	ftizjolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologiach	ftizjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologia	ftizjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologiami	ftizjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologią	ftizjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologie	ftizjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologie	ftizjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologie	ftizjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologię	ftizjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologii	ftizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftizjologii	ftizjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologii	ftizjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologii	ftizjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologij	ftizjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftizjologio	ftizjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftizjologiom	ftizjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftp	ftp	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
ftyzjatrach	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatra	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrami	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrą	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrę	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatro	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrom	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrów	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrów	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatry	ftyzjatra	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatry	ftyzjatra	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatry	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrze	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrze	ftyzjatra	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrzy	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrzy	ftyzjatra	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatriach	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatria	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatriami	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrią	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrie	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrie	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrie	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrię	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrii	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftyzjatrii	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrii	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrii	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrio	ftyzjatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatriom	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryj	ftyzjatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftyzjatrycznościach	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrycznościami	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrycznością	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczności	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatrycznościom	ftyzjatryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczność	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczność	ftyzjatryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjatryczna	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ftyzjatryczną	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ftyzjatryczną	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ftyzjatryczne	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjatryczne	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjatryczne	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatryczne	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatrycznego	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ftyzjatrycznego	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatrycznej	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ftyzjatrycznej	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ftyzjatrycznej	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ftyzjatrycznemu	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatryczni	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ftyzjatryczno	ftyzjatryczny	adja		
ftyzjatrycznych	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ftyzjatrycznych	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjatrycznych	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjatryczny	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ftyzjatryczny	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ftyzjatrycznym	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjatrycznym	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatrycznym	ftyzjatryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ftyzjatrycznymi	ftyzjatryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ftyzjochirurgiach	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgia	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgiami	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgią	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgie	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgie	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgie	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgię	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgii	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftyzjochirurgii	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgii	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgii	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgij	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftyzjochirurgio	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjochirurgiom	ftyzjochirurgia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjolodzy	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjolodzy	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologach	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologa	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologa	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologami	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjolog	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologiem	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologi	ftyzjolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologi	ftyzjolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologom	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologowie	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologowie	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologowi	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologów	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologów	ftyzjolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologu	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologu	ftyzjolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologiach	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologia	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologiami	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologią	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologie	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologie	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologie	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologię	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologii	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ftyzjologii	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologii	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologii	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologij	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ftyzjologio	ftyzjologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ftyzjologiom	ftyzjologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fu	fu	interj		
fuchach	fucha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fucha	fucha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchami	fucha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchą	fucha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchę	fucha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuch	fucha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fucho	fucha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchom	fucha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchy	fucha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchy	fucha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchy	fucha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuchy	fucha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusze	fucha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusze	fucha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerach	fuehrer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrera	fuehrer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrera	fuehrer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerami	fuehrer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerem	fuehrer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrer	fuehrer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerom	fuehrer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerowi	fuehrer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerów	fuehrer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerów	fuehrer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrery	fuehrer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrery	fuehrer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerze	fuehrer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerze	fuehrer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerzy	fuehrer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuehrerzy	fuehrer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fufajce	fufajka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajce	fufajka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajek	fufajka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajkach	fufajka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajka	fufajka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajkami	fufajka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajką	fufajka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajkę	fufajka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajki	fufajka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajki	fufajka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajki	fufajka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajki	fufajka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajko	fufajka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fufajkom	fufajka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fudze	fuga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fudze	fuga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugach	fuga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuga	fuga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugami	fuga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugą	fuga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugę	fuga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fug	fuga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugi	fuga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugi	fuga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugi	fuga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugi	fuga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugo	fuga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugom	fuga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugas	fugas:i	interj		daw.
fugasowościach	fugasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowościami	fugasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowością	fugasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowości	fugasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowościom	fugasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowość	fugasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowość	fugasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowa	fugasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fugasową	fugasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fugasową	fugasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fugasowe	fugasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fugasowe	fugasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fugasowe	fugasowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fugasowe	fugasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fugasowego	fugasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fugasowego	fugasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugasowej	fugasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fugasowej	fugasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fugasowej	fugasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fugasowemu	fugasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugasowi	fugasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fugasowo	fugasowy	adja		
fugasowych	fugasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fugasowych	fugasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugasowych	fugasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugasowy	fugasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fugasowy	fugasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fugasowym	fugasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugasowym	fugasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugasowym	fugasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugasowymi	fugasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugasach	fugas:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasa	fugas:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasami	fugas:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasem	fugas:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugas	fugas:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugas	fugas:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasie	fugas:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasie	fugas:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasom	fugas:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasowi	fugas:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasów	fugas:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasy	fugas:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasy	fugas:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugasy	fugas:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugacie	fugato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatach	fugato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugata	fugato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugata	fugato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugata	fugato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugata	fugato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatami	fugato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatem	fugato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugat	fugato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugato	fugato	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatom	fugato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatu	fugato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
fugatywnościach	fugatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywnościami	fugatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywnością	fugatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywności	fugatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywnościom	fugatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywność	fugatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugatywność	fugatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugować	fugować	inf:imperf		
fugowaliby	fugować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fugowalibyście	fugować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fugowalibyśmy	fugować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fugowali	fugować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fugowali	fugować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fugowaliście	fugować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fugowaliśmy	fugować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fugowałaby	fugować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fugowałabym	fugować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fugowałabyś	fugować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fugowała	fugować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fugowała	fugować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fugowałam	fugować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fugowałaś	fugować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fugowałby	fugować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fugowałbym	fugować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fugowałbyś	fugować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fugowałem	fugować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fugowałeś	fugować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fugował	fugować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fugował	fugować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fugowałoby	fugować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fugowałobym	fugować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fugowałobyś	fugować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fugowało	fugować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fugowało	fugować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fugowałom	fugować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fugowałoś	fugować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fugowałyby	fugować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fugowałybyście	fugować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fugowałybyśmy	fugować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fugowały	fugować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fugowały	fugować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fugowałyście	fugować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fugowałyśmy	fugować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fugowana	fugować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fugowaną	fugować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fugowane	fugować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugowane	fugować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugowanego	fugować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fugowanego	fugować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugowanej	fugować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fugowanemu	fugować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugowaniach	fugować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowania	fugować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowania	fugować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowaniami	fugować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowanie	fugować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowaniem	fugować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowani	fugować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fugowaniom	fugować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowaniu	fugować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fugowano	fugować	imps:imperf		
fugowanych	fugować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fugowanych	fugować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugowany	fugować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fugowany	fugować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fugowanym	fugować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugowanym	fugować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugowanymi	fugować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugowań	fugować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fugująca	fugować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fugującą	fugować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fugujące	fugować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugujące	fugować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugującego	fugować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fugującego	fugować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugującej	fugować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fugującemu	fugować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugując	fugować	pcon:imperf		
fugująco	fugować	pacta		
fugujących	fugować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fugujących	fugować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugujący	fugować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fugujący	fugować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fugujący	fugować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fugującym	fugować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugującym	fugować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fugującymi	fugować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fugują	fugować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fugujcie	fugować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fugujecie	fugować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fuguje	fugować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fugujemy	fugować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fugujesz	fugować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fuguję	fugować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fuguj	fugować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fugujmy	fugować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fugownikach	fugownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownika	fugownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownikami	fugownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownik	fugownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownik	fugownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownikiem	fugownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowniki	fugownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowniki	fugownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowniki	fugownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownikom	fugownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugownikowi	fugownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowników	fugownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowniku	fugownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowniku	fugownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fugowościach	fugowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowościami	fugowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowością	fugowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowości	fugowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowościom	fugowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowość	fugowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowość	fugowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fugowa	fugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fugową	fugowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fugową	fugowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fugowe	fugowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fugowe	fugowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fugowe	fugowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fugowe	fugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fugowego	fugowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fugowego	fugowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugowej	fugowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fugowej	fugowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fugowej	fugowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fugowemu	fugowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugowi	fugowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fugowo	fugowy	adja		
fugowych	fugowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fugowych	fugowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugowych	fugowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugowy	fugowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fugowy	fugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fugowym	fugowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fugowym	fugowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugowym	fugowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fugowymi	fugowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
führerach	führer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führera	führer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führera	führer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerami	führer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerem	führer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führer	führer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerom	führer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerowi	führer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerów	führer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerów	führer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führery	führer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
führery	führer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
führerze	führer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerze	führer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerzy	führer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
führerzy	führer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuj	fuj	interj		
fujarach	fujara:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujara	fujara:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarami	fujara:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarą	fujara:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarę	fujara:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujar	fujara:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujaro	fujara:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarom	fujara:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujary	fujara:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujary	fujara:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujary	fujara:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujary	fujara:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarze	fujara:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarze	fujara:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarach	fujara:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujara	fujara:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarami	fujara:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarą	fujara:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarę	fujara:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujaro	fujara:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarom	fujara:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarów	fujara:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujary	fujara:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujary	fujara:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujary	fujara:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujary	fujara:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarze	fujara:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujarze	fujara:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fujareczce	fujareczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczce	fujareczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczek	fujareczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczkach	fujareczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczka	fujareczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczkami	fujareczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczką	fujareczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczkę	fujareczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczki	fujareczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczki	fujareczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczki	fujareczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczki	fujareczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczko	fujareczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujareczkom	fujareczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarce	fujarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarce	fujarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarek	fujarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkach	fujarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarka	fujarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkami	fujarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarką	fujarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkę	fujarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarki	fujarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarki	fujarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarki	fujarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarki	fujarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarko	fujarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkom	fujarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowościach	fujarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowościami	fujarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowością	fujarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowości	fujarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowościom	fujarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowość	fujarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowość	fujarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fujarkowa	fujarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fujarkową	fujarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fujarkową	fujarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fujarkowe	fujarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fujarkowe	fujarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fujarkowe	fujarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowe	fujarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowego	fujarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fujarkowego	fujarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowej	fujarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fujarkowej	fujarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fujarkowej	fujarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fujarkowemu	fujarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowi	fujarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fujarkowo	fujarkowy	adja		
fujarkowych	fujarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fujarkowych	fujarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fujarkowych	fujarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fujarkowy	fujarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fujarkowy	fujarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fujarkowym	fujarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fujarkowym	fujarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowym	fujarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fujarkowymi	fujarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fujawicach	fujawica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawica	fujawica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicami	fujawica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicą	fujawica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawice	fujawica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawice	fujawica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawice	fujawica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicę	fujawica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawic	fujawica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawico	fujawica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicom	fujawica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicy	fujawica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicy	fujawica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fujawicy	fujawica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
fukach	fuk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuka	fuk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fukami	fuk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuk	fuk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuk	fuk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fukiem	fuk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuki	fuk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuki	fuk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuki	fuk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fukom	fuk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fukowi	fuk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuków	fuk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuku	fuk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fuku	fuk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fukaczach	fukacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczach	fukacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacza	fukacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacza	fukacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczami	fukacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczami	fukacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacze	fukacz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczem	fukacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczem	fukacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacz	fukacz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacz	fukacz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukacz	fukacz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacz	fukacz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczom	fukacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczom	fukacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczowi	fukacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczowi	fukacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczów	fukacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczu	fukacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczu	fukacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczu	fukacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukaczu	fukacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
fukaczy	fukacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukacie	fukać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fukać	fukać	inf:imperf		
fuka	fukać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fukająca	fukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fukającą	fukać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fukające	fukać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fukające	fukać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fukającego	fukać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fukającego	fukać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fukającej	fukać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fukającemu	fukać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fukając	fukać	pcon:imperf		
fukająco	fukać	pacta		
fukających	fukać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fukających	fukać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fukający	fukać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fukający	fukać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fukający	fukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fukającym	fukać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fukającym	fukać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fukającymi	fukać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fukają	fukać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fukajcie	fukać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fukaj	fukać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fukajmy	fukać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fukaliby	fukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fukalibyście	fukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fukalibyśmy	fukać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fukali	fukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fukali	fukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fukaliście	fukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fukaliśmy	fukać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fukałaby	fukać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fukałabym	fukać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fukałabyś	fukać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fukała	fukać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fukała	fukać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fukałam	fukać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fukałaś	fukać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fukałby	fukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fukałbym	fukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fukałbyś	fukać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fukałem	fukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fukałeś	fukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fukał	fukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fukał	fukać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fukałoby	fukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fukałobym	fukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fukałobyś	fukać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fukało	fukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fukało	fukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fukałom	fukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fukałoś	fukać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fukałyby	fukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fukałybyście	fukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fukałybyśmy	fukać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fukały	fukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fukały	fukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fukałyście	fukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fukałyśmy	fukać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fukam	fukać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fukamy	fukać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fukaniach	fukać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fukania	fukać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fukania	fukać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fukaniami	fukać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fukanie	fukać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fukaniem	fukać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fukaniom	fukać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fukaniu	fukać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fukano	fukać	imps:imperf		
fukań	fukać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fukasz	fukać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fukierowscy	fukierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fukierowska	fukierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fukierowską	fukierowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fukierowską	fukierowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fukierowskich	fukierowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fukierowskich	fukierowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowskich	fukierowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowskie	fukierowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowskie	fukierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowskie	fukierowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fukierowskie	fukierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fukierowskiego	fukierowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fukierowskiego	fukierowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukierowskiej	fukierowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fukierowskiej	fukierowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fukierowskiej	fukierowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fukierowskiemu	fukierowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukierowski	fukierowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fukierowski	fukierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fukierowskim	fukierowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowskim	fukierowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukierowskim	fukierowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukierowskimi	fukierowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukierowsko	fukierowski	adja		
fukierowsku	fukierowski	adjp		
fukierowsko	fukierowsko	adv:pos		
fukierowskościach	fukierowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskościami	fukierowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskością	fukierowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskości	fukierowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskościom	fukierowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskość	fukierowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukierowskość	fukierowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwościach	fukliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwościami	fukliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwością	fukliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwości	fukliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwościom	fukliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwość	fukliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwość	fukliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukliwa	fukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fukliwą	fukliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fukliwą	fukliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fukliwe	fukliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fukliwe	fukliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fukliwe	fukliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fukliwe	fukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fukliwego	fukliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fukliwego	fukliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukliwej	fukliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fukliwej	fukliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fukliwej	fukliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fukliwemu	fukliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukliwi	fukliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fukliwo	fukliwy	adja		
fukliwych	fukliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fukliwych	fukliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukliwych	fukliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukliwy	fukliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fukliwy	fukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fukliwym	fukliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fukliwym	fukliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukliwym	fukliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fukliwymi	fukliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuknąć	fuknąć	inf:perf		
fukną	fuknąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
fuknąłby	fuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fuknąłbym	fuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fuknąłbyś	fuknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fuknąłem	fuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
fuknąłeś	fuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
fuknął	fuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
fuknął	fuknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
fuknąwszy	fuknąć	pant:perf		
fuknę	fuknąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
fuknęliby	fuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fuknęlibyście	fuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fuknęlibyśmy	fuknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fuknęli	fuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
fuknęli	fuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
fuknęliście	fuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
fuknęliśmy	fuknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
fuknęłaby	fuknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
fuknęłabym	fuknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
fuknęłabyś	fuknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
fuknęła	fuknąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
fuknęła	fuknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
fuknęłam	fuknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
fuknęłaś	fuknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
fuknęłoby	fuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fuknęłobym	fuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fuknęłobyś	fuknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fuknęło	fuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
fuknęło	fuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
fuknęłom	fuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
fuknęłoś	fuknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
fuknęłyby	fuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fuknęłybyście	fuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fuknęłybyśmy	fuknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fuknęły	fuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
fuknęły	fuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
fuknęłyście	fuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
fuknęłyśmy	fuknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
fukniecie	fuknąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
fuknie	fuknąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
fukniemy	fuknąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
fukniesz	fuknąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
fuknięciach	fuknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięcia	fuknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięcia	fuknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięciami	fuknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięcie	fuknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięciem	fuknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięciom	fuknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięciu	fuknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięć	fuknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fuknięto	fuknąć	imps:perf		
fuknijcie	fuknąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
fuknij	fuknąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
fuknijmy	fuknąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
fukoidach	fukoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidami	fukoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidem	fukoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoid	fukoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoid	fukoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidom	fukoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidowi	fukoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidów	fukoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidu	fukoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidy	fukoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidy	fukoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidy	fukoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidzie	fukoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoidzie	fukoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynach	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyna	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynami	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyną	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynę	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyn	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynie	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynie	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyno	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantynom	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyny	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyny	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyny	fukoksantyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukoksantyny	fukoksantyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksach	fuks	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksach	fuks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksa	fuks	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksa	fuks	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksa	fuks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksami	fuks	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksami	fuks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksem	fuks	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksem	fuks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuks	fuks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuks	fuks	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuks	fuks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksie	fuks	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksie	fuks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksie	fuks	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksie	fuks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksom	fuks	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksom	fuks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksowi	fuks	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksowi	fuks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksów	fuks	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksów	fuks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuksy	fuks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuksiarzach	fuksiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzach	fuksiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarza	fuksiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarza	fuksiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarza	fuksiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarza	fuksiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzami	fuksiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzami	fuksiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarze	fuksiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzem	fuksiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzem	fuksiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarz	fuksiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarz	fuksiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzom	fuksiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzom	fuksiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzowi	fuksiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzowi	fuksiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzów	fuksiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzów	fuksiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzu	fuksiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzu	fuksiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzu	fuksiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzu	fuksiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
fuksiarzy	fuksiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksiarzy	fuksiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
fuksjach	fuksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksja	fuksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksjami	fuksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksją	fuksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksje	fuksja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksje	fuksja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksje	fuksja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksję	fuksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksji	fuksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fuksji	fuksja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksji	fuksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksji	fuksja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksjo	fuksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksjom	fuksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyj	fuksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fuksynach	fuksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyna	fuksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksynami	fuksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyną	fuksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksynę	fuksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyn	fuksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksynie	fuksyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksynie	fuksyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyno	fuksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksynom	fuksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyny	fuksyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyny	fuksyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyny	fuksyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuksyny	fuksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fukusach	fukus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusa	fukus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusami	fukus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusem	fukus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukus	fukus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukus	fukus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusie	fukus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusie	fukus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusom	fukus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusowi	fukus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusów	fukus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusy	fukus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusy	fukus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fukusy	fukus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ful	ful:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulani	fulani	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fularach	fular	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularami	fular	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularem	fular	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fular	fular	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fular	fular	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularom	fular	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularowi	fular	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularów	fular	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularu	fular	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulary	fular	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulary	fular	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulary	fular	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularze	fular	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularze	fular	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularek	fularek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularek	fularek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularkach	fularek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularka	fularek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularkami	fularek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularkiem	fularek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularki	fularek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularki	fularek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularki	fularek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularkom	fularek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularkowi	fularek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularków	fularek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularku	fularek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularku	fularek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fularowościach	fularowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowościami	fularowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowością	fularowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowości	fularowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowościom	fularowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowość	fularowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowość	fularowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fularowa	fularowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fularową	fularowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fularową	fularowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fularowe	fularowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fularowe	fularowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fularowe	fularowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fularowe	fularowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fularowego	fularowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fularowego	fularowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fularowej	fularowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fularowej	fularowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fularowej	fularowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fularowemu	fularowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fularowi	fularowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fularowo	fularowy	adja		
fularowych	fularowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fularowych	fularowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fularowych	fularowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fularowy	fularowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fularowy	fularowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fularowym	fularowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fularowym	fularowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fularowym	fularowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fularowymi	fularowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ful	ful:d	adv:pos		
fulerenach	fuleren	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenami	fuleren	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenem	fuleren	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fuleren	fuleren	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fuleren	fuleren	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenie	fuleren	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenie	fuleren	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenom	fuleren	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenowi	fuleren	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenów	fuleren	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerenu	fuleren	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulereny	fuleren	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulereny	fuleren	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulereny	fuleren	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulerscy	fulerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fulerska	fulerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fulerską	fulerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fulerską	fulerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fulerskich	fulerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fulerskich	fulerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fulerskich	fulerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fulerskie	fulerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fulerskie	fulerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fulerskie	fulerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fulerskie	fulerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fulerskiego	fulerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fulerskiego	fulerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fulerskiej	fulerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fulerskiej	fulerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fulerskiej	fulerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fulerskiemu	fulerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fulerski	fulerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fulerski	fulerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fulerskim	fulerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fulerskim	fulerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fulerskim	fulerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fulerskimi	fulerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fulersko	fulerski	adja		
fulersku	fulerski	adjp		
fulersko	fulersko	adv:pos		
fulerskościach	fulerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskościami	fulerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskością	fulerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskości	fulerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskościom	fulerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskość	fulerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulerskość	fulerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulfulde	fulfulde	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurycie	fulguryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurycie	fulguryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytach	fulguryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytami	fulguryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytem	fulguryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulguryt	fulguryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulguryt	fulguryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytom	fulguryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytowi	fulguryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytów	fulguryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulgurytu	fulguryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulguryty	fulguryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulguryty	fulguryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulguryty	fulguryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fullach	full	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulla	full	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulla	full	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullami	full	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulle	full	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulle	full	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulle	full	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullem	full	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
full	full	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulli	full	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullom	full	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullowi	full	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullów	full	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullu	full	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fullu	full	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
full-contact	full-contact	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fullerenach	fulleren	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenami	fulleren	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenem	fulleren	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulleren	fulleren	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulleren	fulleren	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenie	fulleren	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenie	fulleren	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenom	fulleren	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenowi	fulleren	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenów	fulleren	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullerenu	fulleren	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullereny	fulleren	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullereny	fulleren	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fullereny	fulleren	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
fulmarach	fulmar	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmara	fulmar	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmara	fulmar	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarami	fulmar	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarem	fulmar	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmar	fulmar	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarom	fulmar	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarowi	fulmar	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarów	fulmar	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmary	fulmar	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmary	fulmar	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmary	fulmar	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarze	fulmar	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulmarze	fulmar	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulminować	fulminować	inf:imperf		daw.
fulminowaliby	fulminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowalibyście	fulminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowalibyśmy	fulminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowali	fulminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
fulminowali	fulminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowaliście	fulminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowaliśmy	fulminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałaby	fulminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałabym	fulminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałabyś	fulminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowała	fulminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
fulminowała	fulminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałam	fulminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałaś	fulminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowałby	fulminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałbym	fulminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałbyś	fulminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowałem	fulminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałeś	fulminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminował	fulminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
fulminował	fulminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałoby	fulminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałobym	fulminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałobyś	fulminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowało	fulminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
fulminowało	fulminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałom	fulminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowałoś	fulminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowałyby	fulminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałybyście	fulminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowałybyśmy	fulminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowały	fulminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
fulminowały	fulminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminowałyście	fulminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminowałyśmy	fulminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminowaniach	fulminować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowania	fulminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowania	fulminować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowaniami	fulminować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowanie	fulminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowaniem	fulminować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowaniom	fulminować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowaniu	fulminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminowano	fulminować	imps:imperf		daw.
fulminowań	fulminować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fulminująca	fulminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fulminującą	fulminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fulminujące	fulminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fulminujące	fulminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fulminującego	fulminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fulminującego	fulminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fulminującej	fulminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fulminującemu	fulminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fulminując	fulminować	pcon:imperf		daw.
fulminująco	fulminować	pacta		
fulminujących	fulminować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fulminujących	fulminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fulminujący	fulminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fulminujący	fulminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fulminujący	fulminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fulminującym	fulminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fulminującym	fulminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fulminującymi	fulminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fulminują	fulminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminujcie	fulminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminujecie	fulminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminuje	fulminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
fulminujemy	fulminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminujesz	fulminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminuję	fulminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
fulminuj	fulminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
fulminujmy	fulminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
fulach	ful:s	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fula	ful:s	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fula	ful:s	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulami	ful:s	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fule	ful:s	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fule	ful:s	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fule	ful:s	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulem	ful:s	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ful	ful:s	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuli	ful:s	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulom	ful:s	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulowi	ful:s	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulów	ful:s	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulu	ful:s	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulu	ful:s	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasach	fulwokwas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasami	fulwokwas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasem	fulwokwas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwas	fulwokwas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwas	fulwokwas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasie	fulwokwas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasie	fulwokwas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasom	fulwokwas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasowi	fulwokwas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasów	fulwokwas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasu	fulwokwas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasy	fulwokwas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasy	fulwokwas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fulwokwasy	fulwokwas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumach	fum	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumami	fum	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumem	fum	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fum	fum	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fum	fum	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumie	fum	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumie	fum	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumom	fum	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumowi	fum	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumów	fum	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumu	fum	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumy	fum	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumy	fum	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumy	fum	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fumach	fuma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuma	fuma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumami	fuma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumą	fuma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumę	fuma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fum	fuma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumie	fuma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumie	fuma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumo	fuma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumom	fuma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fuma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fuma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fuma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fuma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolach	fumarola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarola	fumarola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolami	fumarola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolą	fumarola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarole	fumarola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarole	fumarola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarole	fumarola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolę	fumarola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarol	fumarola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
fumaroli	fumarola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fumaroli	fumarola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumaroli	fumarola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumaroli	fumarola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolo	fumarola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarolom	fumarola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowościach	fumarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowościami	fumarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowością	fumarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowości	fumarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowościom	fumarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowość	fumarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowość	fumarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumarowa	fumarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fumarową	fumarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fumarową	fumarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fumarowe	fumarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fumarowe	fumarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fumarowe	fumarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fumarowe	fumarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fumarowego	fumarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fumarowego	fumarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumarowej	fumarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fumarowej	fumarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fumarowej	fumarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fumarowemu	fumarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumarowi	fumarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fumarowo	fumarowy	adja		
fumarowych	fumarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fumarowych	fumarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumarowych	fumarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumarowy	fumarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fumarowy	fumarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fumarowym	fumarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumarowym	fumarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumarowym	fumarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumarowymi	fumarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumatorach	fumator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatora	fumator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorami	fumator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorem	fumator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumator	fumator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumator	fumator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorom	fumator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorowi	fumator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorów	fumator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatory	fumator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatory	fumator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatory	fumator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorze	fumator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumatorze	fumator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacjach	fumigacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacja	fumigacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacjami	fumigacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacją	fumigacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacje	fumigacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacje	fumigacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacje	fumigacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigację	fumigacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacji	fumigacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fumigacji	fumigacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacji	fumigacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacji	fumigacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacjo	fumigacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacjom	fumigacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyj	fumigacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fumigacyjnościach	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjnościami	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjnością	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjności	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjnościom	fumigacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjność	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjność	fumigacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumigacyjna	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fumigacyjną	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fumigacyjną	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fumigacyjne	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fumigacyjne	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fumigacyjne	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjne	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjnego	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fumigacyjnego	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjnej	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fumigacyjnej	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fumigacyjnej	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fumigacyjnemu	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjni	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fumigacyjno	fumigacyjny	adja		
fumigacyjnych	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fumigacyjnych	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumigacyjnych	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumigacyjny	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fumigacyjny	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fumigacyjnym	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumigacyjnym	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjnym	fumigacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fumigacyjnymi	fumigacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fumigancie	fumigant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigancie	fumigant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantach	fumigant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantami	fumigant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantem	fumigant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigant	fumigant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigant	fumigant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantom	fumigant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantowi	fumigant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantów	fumigant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumigantu	fumigant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumiganty	fumigant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumiganty	fumigant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumiganty	fumigant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fumologiach	fumologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologia	fumologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologiami	fumologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologią	fumologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologie	fumologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologie	fumologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologie	fumologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologię	fumologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologii	fumologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fumologii	fumologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologii	fumologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologii	fumologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologij	fumologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fumologio	fumologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumologiom	fumologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fumach	fumy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumami	fumy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fum	fumy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumom	fumy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumów	fumy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fumy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fumy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fumy	fumy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardach	funboard	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardami	funboard	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardem	funboard	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboard	funboard	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboard	funboard	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardom	funboard	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardowi	funboard	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardów	funboard	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardu	funboard	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardy	funboard	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardy	funboard	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardy	funboard	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardzie	funboard	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funboardzie	funboard	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciakach	funciak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakach	funciak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaka	funciak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaka	funciak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaka	funciak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakami	funciak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakami	funciak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciak	funciak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciak	funciak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciak	funciak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakiem	funciak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakiem	funciak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaki	funciak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakom	funciak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakom	funciak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakowi	funciak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciakowi	funciak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaków	funciak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaków	funciak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaku	funciak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaku	funciak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaku	funciak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciaku	funciak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciarzach	funciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzach	funciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarza	funciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarza	funciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarza	funciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarza	funciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzami	funciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzami	funciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarze	funciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciarze	funciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarze	funciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciarze	funciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarze	funciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarze	funciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarze	funciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarze	funciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzem	funciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzem	funciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarz	funciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarz	funciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzom	funciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzom	funciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzowi	funciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzowi	funciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzów	funciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzów	funciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzu	funciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzu	funciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzu	funciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzu	funciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
funciarzy	funciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funciarzy	funciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funcikach	funcik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcikach	funcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcika	funcik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcika	funcik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcika	funcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcikami	funcik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcikami	funcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcik	funcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcik	funcik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcik	funcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcikiem	funcik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcikiem	funcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciki	funcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcikom	funcik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcikom	funcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcikowi	funcik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcikowi	funcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcików	funcik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funcików	funcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciku	funcik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciku	funcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funciku	funcik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
funciku	funcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcinach	funcina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinach	funcina	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcina	funcina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcina	funcina	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcinami	funcina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinami	funcina	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciną	funcina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funciną	funcina	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcinę	funcina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinę	funcina	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcin	funcina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinie	funcina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinie	funcina	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcinie	funcina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinie	funcina	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcino	funcina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcino	funcina	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcinom	funcina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funcinom	funcina	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funcinów	funcina	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funciny	funcina	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fundach	funda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funda	funda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundami	funda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundą	funda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundę	funda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fund	funda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundo	funda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundom	funda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundy	funda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundy	funda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundy	funda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundy	funda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundzie	funda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundzie	funda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacjach	fundacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacja	fundacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacjami	fundacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacją	fundacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacje	fundacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacje	fundacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacje	fundacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundację	fundacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacji	fundacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fundacji	fundacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacji	fundacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacji	fundacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacjo	fundacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacjom	fundacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyj	fundacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fundacyjnościach	fundacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjnościami	fundacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjnością	fundacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjności	fundacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjnościom	fundacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjność	fundacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjność	fundacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundacyjna	fundacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundacyjną	fundacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundacyjną	fundacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundacyjne	fundacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundacyjne	fundacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundacyjne	fundacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjne	fundacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjnego	fundacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundacyjnego	fundacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjnej	fundacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundacyjnej	fundacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundacyjnej	fundacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundacyjnemu	fundacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjni	fundacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundacyjno	fundacyjny	adja		
fundacyjnych	fundacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundacyjnych	fundacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundacyjnych	fundacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundacyjny	fundacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundacyjny	fundacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundacyjnym	fundacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundacyjnym	fundacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjnym	fundacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundacyjnymi	fundacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamencikach	fundamencik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencikami	fundamencik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencik	fundamencik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencik	fundamencik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencikiem	fundamencik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciki	fundamencik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciki	fundamencik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciki	fundamencik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencikom	fundamencik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencikowi	fundamencik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencików	fundamencik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciku	fundamencik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciku	fundamencik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenciku	fundamencik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencie	fundament	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamencie	fundament	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentach	fundament	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentami	fundament	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentem	fundament	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundament	fundament	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundament	fundament	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentom	fundament	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowi	fundament	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentów	fundament	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentu	fundament	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenty	fundament	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenty	fundament	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamenty	fundament	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistach	fundamentalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalista	fundamentalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistami	fundamentalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistą	fundamentalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistę	fundamentalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalisto	fundamentalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistom	fundamentalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistów	fundamentalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistów	fundamentalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalisty	fundamentalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalisty	fundamentalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalisty	fundamentalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentaliście	fundamentalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentaliście	fundamentalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentaliści	fundamentalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentaliści	fundamentalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistce	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistce	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistek	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistkach	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistka	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistkami	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistką	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistkę	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistki	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistki	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistki	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistki	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistko	fundamentalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistkom	fundamentalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistycznie	fundamentalistycznie	adv:pos		
fundamentalistycznościach	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistycznościami	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistycznością	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczności	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistycznościom	fundamentalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczność	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczność	fundamentalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalistyczna	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundamentalistyczną	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundamentalistyczną	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundamentalistyczne	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalistyczne	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalistyczne	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistyczne	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistycznego	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundamentalistycznego	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistycznej	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundamentalistycznej	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundamentalistycznej	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundamentalistycznemu	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistyczni	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentalistyczno	fundamentalistyczny	adja		
fundamentalistycznych	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentalistycznych	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalistycznych	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalistyczny	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundamentalistyczny	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundamentalistycznym	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalistycznym	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistycznym	fundamentalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalistycznymi	fundamentalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalizmach	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmami	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmem	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizm	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizm	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmie	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmie	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmom	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmowi	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmów	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmu	fundamentalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmy	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmy	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalizmy	fundamentalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalnie	fundamentalnie	adv:pos		
fundamentalnościach	fundamentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalnościami	fundamentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalnością	fundamentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalności	fundamentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalnościom	fundamentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalność	fundamentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalność	fundamentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentalna	fundamentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundamentalną	fundamentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundamentalną	fundamentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundamentalne	fundamentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalne	fundamentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalne	fundamentalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalne	fundamentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalnego	fundamentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundamentalnego	fundamentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalnej	fundamentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundamentalnej	fundamentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundamentalnej	fundamentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundamentalnemu	fundamentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalni	fundamentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentalno	fundamentalny	adja		
fundamentalnych	fundamentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentalnych	fundamentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalnych	fundamentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalny	fundamentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundamentalny	fundamentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundamentalnym	fundamentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentalnym	fundamentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalnym	fundamentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentalnymi	fundamentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentować	fundamentować	inf:imperf		
fundamentowaliby	fundamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fundamentowalibyście	fundamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fundamentowalibyśmy	fundamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fundamentowali	fundamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fundamentowali	fundamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fundamentowaliście	fundamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fundamentowaliśmy	fundamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałaby	fundamentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałabym	fundamentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałabyś	fundamentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fundamentowała	fundamentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fundamentowała	fundamentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałam	fundamentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałaś	fundamentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fundamentowałby	fundamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałbym	fundamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałbyś	fundamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fundamentowałem	fundamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałeś	fundamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fundamentował	fundamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fundamentował	fundamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałoby	fundamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałobym	fundamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałobyś	fundamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fundamentowało	fundamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fundamentowało	fundamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałom	fundamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fundamentowałoś	fundamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fundamentowałyby	fundamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałybyście	fundamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fundamentowałybyśmy	fundamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fundamentowały	fundamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fundamentowały	fundamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fundamentowałyście	fundamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fundamentowałyśmy	fundamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fundamentowana	fundamentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaną	fundamentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentowane	fundamentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowane	fundamentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanego	fundamentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanego	fundamentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanej	fundamentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanemu	fundamentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaniach	fundamentować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowania	fundamentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowania	fundamentować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaniami	fundamentować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanie	fundamentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaniem	fundamentować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowani	fundamentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaniom	fundamentować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowaniu	fundamentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowano	fundamentować	imps:imperf		
fundamentowanych	fundamentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanych	fundamentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowany	fundamentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowany	fundamentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanym	fundamentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanym	fundamentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentowanymi	fundamentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentowań	fundamentować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentująca	fundamentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentującą	fundamentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentujące	fundamentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentujące	fundamentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentującego	fundamentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fundamentującego	fundamentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentującej	fundamentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fundamentującemu	fundamentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentując	fundamentować	pcon:imperf		
fundamentująco	fundamentować	pacta		
fundamentujących	fundamentować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundamentujących	fundamentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentujący	fundamentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundamentujący	fundamentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fundamentujący	fundamentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fundamentującym	fundamentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentującym	fundamentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundamentującymi	fundamentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundamentują	fundamentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fundamentujcie	fundamentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fundamentujecie	fundamentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fundamentuje	fundamentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fundamentujemy	fundamentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fundamentujesz	fundamentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fundamentuję	fundamentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fundamentuj	fundamentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fundamentujmy	fundamentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fundamentowaniach	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowania	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowania	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowania	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowania	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowaniami	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowanie	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowanie	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowanie	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowaniem	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowaniom	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowaniu	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowaniu	fundamentowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowań	fundamentowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowościach	fundamentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowościami	fundamentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowością	fundamentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowości	fundamentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowościom	fundamentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowość	fundamentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowość	fundamentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundamentowa	fundamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundamentową	fundamentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundamentową	fundamentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundamentowe	fundamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentowe	fundamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentowe	fundamentowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowe	fundamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowego	fundamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundamentowego	fundamentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowej	fundamentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundamentowej	fundamentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundamentowej	fundamentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundamentowemu	fundamentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowi	fundamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentowo	fundamentowy	adja		
fundamentowych	fundamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundamentowych	fundamentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentowych	fundamentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentowy	fundamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundamentowy	fundamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundamentowym	fundamentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundamentowym	fundamentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowym	fundamentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundamentowymi	fundamentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorach	fundator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatora	fundator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatora	fundator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorami	fundator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorem	fundator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundator	fundator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorom	fundator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorowie	fundator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorowie	fundator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorowi	fundator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorów	fundator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorów	fundator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatory	fundator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fundatory	fundator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorze	fundator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorze	fundator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorzy	fundator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorzy	fundator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorce	fundatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorce	fundatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorek	fundatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorkach	fundatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorka	fundatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorkami	fundatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorką	fundatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorkę	fundatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorki	fundatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorki	fundatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorki	fundatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorki	fundatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorko	fundatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorkom	fundatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorscy	fundatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundatorska	fundatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundatorską	fundatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundatorską	fundatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundatorskich	fundatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundatorskich	fundatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorskich	fundatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorskie	fundatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorskie	fundatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorskie	fundatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundatorskie	fundatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundatorskiego	fundatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundatorskiego	fundatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundatorskiej	fundatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundatorskiej	fundatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundatorskiej	fundatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundatorskiemu	fundatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundatorski	fundatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundatorski	fundatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundatorskim	fundatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorskim	fundatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundatorskim	fundatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundatorskimi	fundatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundatorsko	fundatorski	adja		
fundatorsku	fundatorski	adjp		
fundatorsko	fundatorsko	adv:pos		
fundatorskościach	fundatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskościami	fundatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskością	fundatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskości	fundatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskościom	fundatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskość	fundatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundatorskość	fundatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzcy	fundlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fundlandzka	fundlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fundlandzką	fundlandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fundlandzką	fundlandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fundlandzkich	fundlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fundlandzkich	fundlandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzkich	fundlandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzkie	fundlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzkie	fundlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzkie	fundlandzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzkie	fundlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzkiego	fundlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fundlandzkiego	fundlandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzkiej	fundlandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fundlandzkiej	fundlandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fundlandzkiej	fundlandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fundlandzkiemu	fundlandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzki	fundlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fundlandzki	fundlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fundlandzkim	fundlandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzkim	fundlandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzkim	fundlandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fundlandzkimi	fundlandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fundlandzko	fundlandzki	adja		
fundlandzku	fundlandzki	adjp		
fundlandzko	fundlandzko	adv:pos		
fundlandzkościach	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkościami	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkością	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkości	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkościom	fundlandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkość	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundlandzkość	fundlandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fundnąć	fundnąć	inf:perf		pot.
fundną	fundnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		pot.
fundnąłby	fundnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		pot.
fundnąłbym	fundnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		pot.
fundnąłbyś	fundnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		pot.
fundnąłem	fundnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		pot.
fundnąłeś	fundnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		pot.
fundnął	fundnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		pot.
fundnął	fundnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		pot.
fundnąwszy	fundnąć	pant:perf		pot.
fundnę	fundnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęliby	fundnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęlibyście	fundnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęlibyśmy	fundnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęli	fundnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		pot.
fundnęli	fundnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęliście	fundnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęliśmy	fundnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęłaby	fundnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłabym	fundnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęłabyś	fundnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęła	fundnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		pot.
fundnęła	fundnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłam	fundnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęłaś	fundnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęłoby	fundnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłobym	fundnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęłobyś	fundnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęło	fundnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		pot.
fundnęło	fundnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłom	fundnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęłoś	fundnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęłyby	fundnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłybyście	fundnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęłybyśmy	fundnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		pot.
fundnęły	fundnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		pot.
fundnęły	fundnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		pot.
fundnęłyście	fundnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		pot.
fundnęłyśmy	fundnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		pot.
fundniecie	fundnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		pot.
fundnie	fundnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		pot.
fundniemy	fundnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		pot.
fundniesz	fundnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		pot.
fundnięciach	fundnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięcia	fundnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięcia	fundnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięciami	fundnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięcie	fundnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięciem	fundnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięci	fundnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fundnięciom	fundnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięciu	fundnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięć	fundnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fundnięta	fundnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
fundniętą	fundnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
fundnięte	fundnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fundnięte	fundnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
fundniętego	fundnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
fundniętego	fundnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fundniętej	fundnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
fundniętemu	fundnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fundnięto	fundnąć	imps:perf		pot.
fundniętych	fundnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
fundniętych	fundnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fundnięty	fundnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
fundnięty	fundnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
fundniętym	fundnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fundniętym	fundnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
fundniętymi	fundnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
fundnijcie	fundnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		pot.
fundnij	fundnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		pot.
fundnijmy	fundnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		pot.
fundować	fundować	inf:imperf		
fundowaliby	fundować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fundowalibyście	fundować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fundowalibyśmy	fundować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fundowali	fundować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fundowali	fundować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fundowaliście	fundować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fundowaliśmy	fundować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fundowałaby	fundować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fundowałabym	fundować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fundowałabyś	fundować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fundowała	fundować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fundowała	fundować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fundowałam	fundować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fundowałaś	fundować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fundowałby	fundować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fundowałbym	fundować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fundowałbyś	fundować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fundowałem	fundować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fundowałeś	fundować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fundował	fundować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fundował	fundować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fundowałoby	fundować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fundowałobym	fundować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fundowałobyś	fundować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fundowało	fundować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fundowało	fundować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fundowałom	fundować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fundowałoś	fundować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fundowałyby	fundować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fundowałybyście	fundować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fundowałybyśmy	fundować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fundowały	fundować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fundowały	fundować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fundowałyście	fundować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fundowałyśmy	fundować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fundowana	fundować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fundowaną	fundować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fundowane	fundować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundowane	fundować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundowanego	fundować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fundowanego	fundować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundowanej	fundować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fundowanemu	fundować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundowaniach	fundować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowania	fundować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowania	fundować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowaniami	fundować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowanie	fundować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowaniem	fundować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowani	fundować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundowaniom	fundować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowaniu	fundować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fundowano	fundować	imps:imperf		
fundowanych	fundować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundowanych	fundować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundowany	fundować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fundowany	fundować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fundowanym	fundować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundowanym	fundować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundowanymi	fundować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundowań	fundować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fundująca	fundować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fundującą	fundować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fundujące	fundować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundujące	fundować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundującego	fundować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fundującego	fundować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundującej	fundować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fundującemu	fundować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundując	fundować	pcon:imperf		
fundująco	fundować	pacta		
fundujących	fundować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundujących	fundować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundujący	fundować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fundujący	fundować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fundujący	fundować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fundującym	fundować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundującym	fundować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fundującymi	fundować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fundują	fundować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fundujcie	fundować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fundujecie	fundować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
funduje	fundować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fundujemy	fundować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fundujesz	fundować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
funduję	fundować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
funduj	fundować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fundujmy	fundować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fundowościach	fundowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowościami	fundowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowością	fundowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowości	fundowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowościom	fundowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowość	fundowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowość	fundowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundowa	fundowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
fundową	fundowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
fundową	fundowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
fundowe	fundowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundowe	fundowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundowe	fundowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowe	fundowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowego	fundowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
fundowego	fundowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowej	fundowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
fundowej	fundowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
fundowej	fundowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
fundowemu	fundowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowi	fundowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fundowo	fundowy	adja		daw.
fundowych	fundowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
fundowych	fundowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundowych	fundowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundowy	fundowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
fundowy	fundowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
fundowym	fundowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundowym	fundowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowym	fundowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
fundowymi	fundowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
fundach	fundum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
funda	fundum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
funda	fundum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
funda	fundum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundami	fundum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundom	fundum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundów	fundum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundum	fundum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
fundusikach	fundusik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusikami	fundusik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusik	fundusik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusik	fundusik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusikiem	fundusik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiki	fundusik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiki	fundusik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiki	fundusik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusikom	fundusik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusikowi	fundusik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusików	fundusik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiku	fundusik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiku	fundusik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusiku	fundusik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszach	fundusz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszami	fundusz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusze	fundusz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusze	fundusz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusze	fundusz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszem	fundusz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusz	fundusz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fundusz	fundusz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszom	fundusz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszowi	fundusz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszów	fundusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszu	fundusz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszu	fundusz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszu	fundusz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszy	fundusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funduszowościach	funduszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowościami	funduszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowością	funduszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowości	funduszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowościom	funduszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowość	funduszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowość	funduszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
funduszowa	funduszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
funduszową	funduszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
funduszową	funduszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
funduszowe	funduszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funduszowe	funduszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funduszowe	funduszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowe	funduszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowego	funduszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
funduszowego	funduszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowej	funduszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
funduszowej	funduszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
funduszowej	funduszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
funduszowemu	funduszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowi	funduszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
funduszowo	funduszowy	adja		przest.
funduszowych	funduszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
funduszowych	funduszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funduszowych	funduszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funduszowy	funduszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
funduszowy	funduszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
funduszowym	funduszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funduszowym	funduszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowym	funduszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
funduszowymi	funduszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
funeralnie	funeralnie	adv:pos		
funeralnościach	funeralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralnościami	funeralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralnością	funeralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralności	funeralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralnościom	funeralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralność	funeralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralność	funeralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funeralna	funeralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funeralną	funeralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funeralną	funeralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funeralne	funeralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funeralne	funeralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funeralne	funeralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funeralne	funeralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funeralnego	funeralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funeralnego	funeralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funeralnej	funeralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funeralnej	funeralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funeralnej	funeralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funeralnemu	funeralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funeralni	funeralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funeralno	funeralny	adja		
funeralnych	funeralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funeralnych	funeralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funeralnych	funeralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funeralny	funeralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funeralny	funeralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funeralnym	funeralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funeralnym	funeralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funeralnym	funeralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funeralnymi	funeralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fungicydach	fungicyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydami	fungicyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydem	fungicyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicyd	fungicyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicyd	fungicyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydom	fungicyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydowi	fungicyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydów	fungicyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydu	fungicyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydy	fungicyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydy	fungicyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydy	fungicyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydzie	fungicyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungicydzie	fungicyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fungować	fungować	inf:imperf		reg.
fungowaliby	fungować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowalibyście	fungować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowalibyśmy	fungować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowali	fungować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		reg.
fungowali	fungować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowaliście	fungować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowaliśmy	fungować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałaby	fungować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałabym	fungować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałabyś	fungować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowała	fungować	praet:sg:f:imperf		reg.
fungowała	fungować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałam	fungować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałaś	fungować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowałby	fungować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałbym	fungować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałbyś	fungować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowałem	fungować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałeś	fungować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		reg.
fungował	fungować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		reg.
fungował	fungować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałoby	fungować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałobym	fungować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałobyś	fungować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowało	fungować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		reg.
fungowało	fungować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałom	fungować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowałoś	fungować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowałyby	fungować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałybyście	fungować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowałybyśmy	fungować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowały	fungować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		reg.
fungowały	fungować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		reg.
fungowałyście	fungować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		reg.
fungowałyśmy	fungować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		reg.
fungowaniach	fungować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowania	fungować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowania	fungować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowaniami	fungować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowanie	fungować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowaniem	fungować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowaniom	fungować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowaniu	fungować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fungowano	fungować	imps:imperf		reg.
fungowań	fungować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fungująca	fungować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fungującą	fungować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fungujące	fungować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fungujące	fungować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fungującego	fungować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fungującego	fungować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fungującej	fungować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fungującemu	fungować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fungując	fungować	pcon:imperf		reg.
fungująco	fungować	pacta		
fungujących	fungować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fungujących	fungować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fungujący	fungować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fungujący	fungować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fungujący	fungować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fungującym	fungować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fungującym	fungować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fungującymi	fungować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fungują	fungować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		reg.
fungujcie	fungować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		reg.
fungujecie	fungować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		reg.
funguje	fungować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		reg.
fungujemy	fungować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		reg.
fungujesz	fungować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		reg.
funguję	fungować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		reg.
funguj	fungować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		reg.
fungujmy	fungować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		reg.
funkach	funk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkach	funk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funka	funk	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funka	funk	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funka	funk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkami	funk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkami	funk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funk	funk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funk	funk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funk	funk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkiem	funk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkiem	funk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funki	funk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkom	funk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkom	funk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkowi	funk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkowi	funk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funków	funk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funków	funk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funku	funk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funku	funk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funku	funk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funku	funk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funku	funk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjach	funkcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcja	funkcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjami	funkcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcją	funkcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcje	funkcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcje	funkcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcje	funkcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcję	funkcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcji	funkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
funkcji	funkcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcji	funkcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcji	funkcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjo	funkcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjom	funkcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyj	funkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
funkcjonalistach	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalista	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistami	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistą	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistę	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalisto	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistom	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistów	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistów	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalisty	funkcjonalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalisty	funkcjonalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalisty	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonaliście	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonaliście	funkcjonalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonaliści	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonaliści	funkcjonalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistycznościach	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistycznościami	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistycznością	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczności	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistycznościom	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczność	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczność	funkcjonalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalistyczna	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funkcjonalistyczną	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funkcjonalistyczną	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funkcjonalistyczne	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalistyczne	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalistyczne	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistyczne	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistycznego	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funkcjonalistycznego	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistycznej	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funkcjonalistycznej	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funkcjonalistycznej	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funkcjonalistycznemu	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistyczni	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcjonalistyczno	funkcjonalistyczny	adja		
funkcjonalistycznych	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcjonalistycznych	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalistycznych	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalistyczny	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funkcjonalistyczny	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funkcjonalistycznym	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalistycznym	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistycznym	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalistycznymi	funkcjonalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalizacjach	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacja	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacjami	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacją	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacje	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacje	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacje	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizację	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacji	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
funkcjonalizacji	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacji	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacji	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacjo	funkcjonalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacjom	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizacyj	funkcjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
funkcjonalizmach	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmami	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmem	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizm	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizm	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmie	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmie	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmom	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmowi	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmów	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmu	funkcjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmy	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmy	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalizmy	funkcjonalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalnie	funkcjonalnie	adv:pos		
funkcjonalnościach	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalnościami	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalnością	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalności	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalnościom	funkcjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalność	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalność	funkcjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonalna	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funkcjonalną	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funkcjonalną	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funkcjonalne	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalne	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalne	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalne	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalnego	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funkcjonalnego	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalnej	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funkcjonalnej	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funkcjonalnej	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funkcjonalnemu	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalni	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcjonalno	funkcjonalny	adja		
funkcjonalnych	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcjonalnych	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalnych	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalny	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funkcjonalny	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funkcjonalnym	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonalnym	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalnym	funkcjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcjonalnymi	funkcjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcjonale	funkcjonał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonale	funkcjonał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałach	funkcjonał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałami	funkcjonał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałem	funkcjonał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonał	funkcjonał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonał	funkcjonał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałom	funkcjonał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałowi	funkcjonał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonałów	funkcjonał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonału	funkcjonał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonały	funkcjonał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonały	funkcjonał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonały	funkcjonał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszach	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusza	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusza	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszami	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusze	funkcjonariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusze	funkcjonariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusze	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusze	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszem	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariusz	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszom	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszowi	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszu	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszu	funkcjonariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszy	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszy	funkcjonariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszce	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszce	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszek	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszkach	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszka	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszkami	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszką	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszkę	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszki	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszki	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszki	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszki	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszko	funkcjonariuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonariuszkom	funkcjonariuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonować	funkcjonować	inf:imperf		
funkcjonowaliby	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowalibyście	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowalibyśmy	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowali	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
funkcjonowali	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowaliście	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowaliśmy	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałaby	funkcjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałabym	funkcjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałabyś	funkcjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowała	funkcjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
funkcjonowała	funkcjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałam	funkcjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałaś	funkcjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowałby	funkcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałbym	funkcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałbyś	funkcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowałem	funkcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałeś	funkcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
funkcjonował	funkcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
funkcjonował	funkcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałoby	funkcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałobym	funkcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałobyś	funkcjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowało	funkcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
funkcjonowało	funkcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałom	funkcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowałoś	funkcjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowałyby	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałybyście	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowałybyśmy	funkcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowały	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
funkcjonowały	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
funkcjonowałyście	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
funkcjonowałyśmy	funkcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowaniach	funkcjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowania	funkcjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowania	funkcjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowaniami	funkcjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowanie	funkcjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowaniem	funkcjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowaniom	funkcjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowaniu	funkcjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonowano	funkcjonować	imps:imperf		
funkcjonowań	funkcjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonująca	funkcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującą	funkcjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujące	funkcjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujące	funkcjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującego	funkcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującego	funkcjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującej	funkcjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującemu	funkcjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonując	funkcjonować	pcon:imperf		
funkcjonująco	funkcjonować	pacta		
funkcjonujących	funkcjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujących	funkcjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujący	funkcjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujący	funkcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonujący	funkcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującym	funkcjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującym	funkcjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
funkcjonującymi	funkcjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
funkcjonują	funkcjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
funkcjonujcie	funkcjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
funkcjonujecie	funkcjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
funkcjonuje	funkcjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
funkcjonujemy	funkcjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
funkcjonujesz	funkcjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
funkcjonuję	funkcjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
funkcjonuj	funkcjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
funkcjonujmy	funkcjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
funkcjonowaniach	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowania	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowania	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowania	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowania	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowaniami	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowanie	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowanie	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowanie	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowaniem	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowaniom	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowaniu	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowaniu	funkcjonowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcjonowań	funkcjonowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjnie	funkcyjnie	adv:pos		
funkcyjnościach	funkcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjnościami	funkcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjnością	funkcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjności	funkcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjnościom	funkcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjność	funkcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjność	funkcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkcyjna	funkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funkcyjną	funkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funkcyjną	funkcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funkcyjne	funkcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcyjne	funkcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkcyjne	funkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjne	funkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjnego	funkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funkcyjnego	funkcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjnej	funkcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funkcyjnej	funkcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funkcyjnej	funkcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funkcyjnemu	funkcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjni	funkcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcyjno	funkcyjny	adja		
funkcyjnych	funkcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funkcyjnych	funkcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcyjnych	funkcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcyjny	funkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funkcyjny	funkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funkcyjnym	funkcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkcyjnym	funkcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjnym	funkcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkcyjnymi	funkcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkiach	funkia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkia	funkia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkiami	funkia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkią	funkia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkie	funkia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkie	funkia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkie	funkia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkię	funkia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkii	funkia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
funkii	funkia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkii	funkia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkii	funkia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkij	funkia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
funkio	funkia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkiom	funkia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcach	funkowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowca	funkowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowca	funkowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcami	funkowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowce	funkowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkowce	funkowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcem	funkowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcom	funkowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcowi	funkowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowców	funkowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowców	funkowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcu	funkowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcu	funkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcy	funkowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcy	funkowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowcze	funkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowiec	funkowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
funkowo	funkowo	adv:pos		
funkowościach	funkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowościami	funkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowością	funkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowości	funkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowościom	funkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowość	funkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowość	funkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funkowa	funkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funkową	funkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funkową	funkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funkowe	funkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkowe	funkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funkowe	funkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funkowe	funkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funkowego	funkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funkowego	funkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkowej	funkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funkowej	funkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funkowej	funkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funkowemu	funkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkowi	funkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funkowo	funkowy	adja		
funkowych	funkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funkowych	funkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkowych	funkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkowy	funkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funkowy	funkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funkowym	funkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funkowym	funkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkowym	funkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funkowymi	funkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funktorach	funktor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktora	funktor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorami	funktor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorem	funktor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktor	funktor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktor	funktor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorom	funktor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorowi	funktor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorów	funktor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktory	funktor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktory	funktor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktory	funktor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorze	funktor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funktorze	funktor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funky	funky	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funky	funky	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
funtowościach	funtowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowościami	funtowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowością	funtowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowości	funtowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowościom	funtowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowość	funtowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowość	funtowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
funtowa	funtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
funtową	funtowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
funtową	funtowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
funtowe	funtowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funtowe	funtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
funtowe	funtowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
funtowe	funtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
funtowego	funtowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
funtowego	funtowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funtowej	funtowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
funtowej	funtowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
funtowej	funtowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
funtowemu	funtowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funtowi	funtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
funtowo	funtowy	adja		
funtowych	funtowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
funtowych	funtowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funtowych	funtowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funtowy	funtowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
funtowy	funtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
funtowym	funtowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funtowym	funtowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funtowym	funtowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
funtowymi	funtowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
funcie	funt:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funcie	funt:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtach	funt:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funta	funt:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funta	funt:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtami	funt:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtem	funt:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funt	funt:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtom	funt:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtowi	funt:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funtów	funt:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funty	funt:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funty	funt:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funty	funt:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	num.
funcie	funt:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funcie	funt:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtach	funt:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funta	funt:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtami	funt:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtem	funt:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funt	funt:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funt	funt:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtom	funt:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtowi	funt:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funtów	funt:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funty	funt:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funty	funt:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
funty	funt:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furach	fura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fura	fura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furami	fura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furą	fura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furę	fura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fur	fura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furo	fura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furom	fura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fury	fura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fury	fura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fury	fura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fury	fura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furze	fura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furze	fura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furanach	furan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanami	furan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanem	furan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furan	furan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furan	furan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanie	furan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanie	furan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanom	furan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanowi	furan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanów	furan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furanu	furan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furany	furan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furany	furan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furany	furan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furażach	furaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażami	furaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaże	furaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaże	furaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaże	furaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażem	furaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaż	furaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaż	furaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażom	furaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażowi	furaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażów	furaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażu	furaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażu	furaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażu	furaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furaży	furaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furażerach	furażer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażera	furażer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażera	furażer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerami	furażer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerem	furażer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażer	furażer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerom	furażer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerowie	furażer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerowie	furażer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerowi	furażer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerów	furażer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerów	furażer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażery	furażer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażery	furażer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerze	furażer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerze	furażer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerzy	furażer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerzy	furażer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerce	furażerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerce	furażerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerek	furażerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerkach	furażerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerka	furażerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerkami	furażerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerką	furażerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerkę	furażerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerki	furażerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerki	furażerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerki	furażerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerki	furażerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerko	furażerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerkom	furażerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażerówce	furażerówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówce	furażerówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówek	furażerówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówkach	furażerówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówka	furażerówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówkami	furażerówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówką	furażerówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówkę	furażerówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówki	furażerówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówki	furażerówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówki	furażerówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówki	furażerówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówko	furażerówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażerówkom	furażerówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furażować	furażować	inf:imperf		daw.
furażowaliby	furażować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowalibyście	furażować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowalibyśmy	furażować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowali	furażować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
furażowali	furażować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowaliście	furażować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowaliśmy	furażować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałaby	furażować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałabym	furażować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałabyś	furażować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowała	furażować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
furażowała	furażować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałam	furażować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałaś	furażować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowałby	furażować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałbym	furażować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałbyś	furażować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowałem	furażować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałeś	furażować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
furażował	furażować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
furażował	furażować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałoby	furażować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałobym	furażować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałobyś	furażować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowało	furażować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
furażowało	furażować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałom	furażować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowałoś	furażować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowałyby	furażować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałybyście	furażować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowałybyśmy	furażować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowały	furażować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
furażowały	furażować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
furażowałyście	furażować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
furażowałyśmy	furażować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowaniach	furażować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowania	furażować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowania	furażować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowaniami	furażować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowanie	furażować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowaniem	furażować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowaniom	furażować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowaniu	furażować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furażowano	furażować	imps:imperf		daw.
furażowań	furażować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furażująca	furażować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furażującą	furażować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furażujące	furażować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furażujące	furażować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furażującego	furażować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furażującego	furażować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furażującej	furażować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furażującemu	furażować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furażując	furażować	pcon:imperf		daw.
furażująco	furażować	pacta		
furażujących	furażować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furażujących	furażować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furażujący	furażować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furażujący	furażować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furażujący	furażować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furażującym	furażować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furażującym	furażować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furażującymi	furażować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furażują	furażować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
furażujcie	furażować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
furażujecie	furażować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
furażuje	furażować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
furażujemy	furażować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
furażujesz	furażować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
furażuję	furażować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
furażuj	furażować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
furażujmy	furażować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
furażowościach	furażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowościami	furażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowością	furażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowości	furażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowościom	furażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowość	furażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowość	furażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furażowa	furażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furażową	furażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furażową	furażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furażowe	furażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furażowe	furażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furażowe	furażowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furażowe	furażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furażowego	furażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furażowego	furażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furażowej	furażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furażowej	furażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furażowej	furażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furażowemu	furażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furażowi	furażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furażowo	furażowy	adja		
furażowych	furażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furażowych	furażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furażowych	furażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furażowy	furażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furażowy	furażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furażowym	furażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furażowym	furażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furażowym	furażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furażowymi	furażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furczałaby	furczeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furczałabym	furczeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furczałabyś	furczeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furczała	furczeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
furczała	furczeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furczałam	furczeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furczałaś	furczeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furczałby	furczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furczałbym	furczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furczałbyś	furczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furczałem	furczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furczałeś	furczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furczał	furczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
furczał	furczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furczałoby	furczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furczałobym	furczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furczałobyś	furczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furczało	furczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
furczało	furczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furczałom	furczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furczałoś	furczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furczałyby	furczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furczałybyście	furczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furczałybyśmy	furczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furczały	furczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
furczały	furczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furczałyście	furczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furczałyśmy	furczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furczano	furczeć	imps:imperf		
furcząca	furczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furczącą	furczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furczące	furczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furczące	furczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furczącego	furczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furczącego	furczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furczącej	furczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furczącemu	furczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furcząc	furczeć	pcon:imperf		
furcząco	furczeć	pacta		
furczących	furczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furczących	furczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furczący	furczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furczący	furczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furczący	furczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furczącym	furczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furczącym	furczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furczącymi	furczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furczą	furczeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
furczcie	furczeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
furczeć	furczeć	inf:imperf		
furczeliby	furczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furczelibyście	furczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furczelibyśmy	furczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furczeli	furczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
furczeli	furczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furczeliście	furczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furczeliśmy	furczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furczeniach	furczeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furczenia	furczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furczenia	furczeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furczeniami	furczeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furczenie	furczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furczeniem	furczeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furczeniom	furczeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furczeniu	furczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furczeń	furczeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furczę	furczeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
furcz	furczeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
furczmy	furczeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
furczycie	furczeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
furczy	furczeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
furczymy	furczeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
furczysz	furczeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furda	furda:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furda	furda:i	interj		przest.
furdydze	furdyga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdydze	furdyga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygach	furdyga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdyga	furdyga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygami	furdyga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygą	furdyga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygę	furdyga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdyg	furdyga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygi	furdyga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygi	furdyga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygi	furdyga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygi	furdyga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygo	furdyga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdygom	furdyga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymencie	furdyment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymencie	furdyment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentach	furdyment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenta	furdyment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenta	furdyment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenta	furdyment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentami	furdyment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentem	furdyment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdyment	furdyment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdyment	furdyment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentom	furdyment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentowi	furdyment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentów	furdyment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymentu	furdyment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenty	furdyment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenty	furdyment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furdymenty	furdyment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fureczce	fureczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczce	fureczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczek	fureczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczkach	fureczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczka	fureczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczkami	fureczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczką	fureczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczkę	fureczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczki	fureczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczki	fureczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczki	fureczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczki	fureczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczko	fureczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fureczkom	fureczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furfanccy	furfancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
furfancka	furfancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
furfancką	furfancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
furfancką	furfancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
furfanckich	furfancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
furfanckich	furfancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfanckich	furfancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfanckie	furfancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfanckie	furfancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfanckie	furfancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfanckie	furfancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfanckiego	furfancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
furfanckiego	furfancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfanckiej	furfancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
furfanckiej	furfancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
furfanckiej	furfancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
furfanckiemu	furfancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfancki	furfancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
furfancki	furfancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
furfanckim	furfancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfanckim	furfancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfanckim	furfancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furfanckimi	furfancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furfancko	furfancki	adja		przest.
furfancku	furfancki	adjp		przest.
furfancko	furfancko	adv:pos		
furfanckościach	furfanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckościami	furfanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckością	furfanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckości	furfanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckościom	furfanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckość	furfanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanckość	furfanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfancie	furfant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfancie	furfant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanci	furfant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanci	furfant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantach	furfant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanta	furfant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanta	furfant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantami	furfant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantem	furfant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfant	furfant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantom	furfant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantowi	furfant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantów	furfant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantów	furfant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanty	furfant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanty	furfant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanteriach	furfanteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanteria	furfanteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanteriami	furfanteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterią	furfanteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterie	furfanteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterie	furfanteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterie	furfanteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterię	furfanteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterii	furfanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
furfanterii	furfanteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterii	furfanteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterii	furfanteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanterio	furfanteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanteriom	furfanteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfanteryj	furfanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
furfantce	furfantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantce	furfantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantek	furfantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantkach	furfantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantka	furfantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantkami	furfantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantką	furfantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantkę	furfantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantki	furfantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantki	furfantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantki	furfantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantki	furfantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantko	furfantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfantkom	furfantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furfuralach	furfural	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralami	furfural	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurale	furfural	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurale	furfural	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurale	furfural	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralem	furfural	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfural	furfural	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfural	furfural	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurali	furfural	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralom	furfural	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralowi	furfural	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralu	furfural	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralu	furfural	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuralu	furfural	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranach	furfuran	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranami	furfuran	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranem	furfuran	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuran	furfuran	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuran	furfuran	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranie	furfuran	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranie	furfuran	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranom	furfuran	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranowi	furfuran	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranów	furfuran	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuranu	furfuran	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurany	furfuran	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurany	furfuran	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurany	furfuran	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolach	furfurol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolami	furfurol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurole	furfurol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurole	furfurol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurole	furfurol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolem	furfurol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurol	furfurol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurol	furfurol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfuroli	furfurol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolom	furfurol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolowi	furfurol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolu	furfurol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolu	furfurol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furfurolu	furfurol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgacie	furgać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgać	furgać	inf:imperf		gwar.
furga	furgać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgająca	furgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furgającą	furgać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furgające	furgać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgające	furgać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgającego	furgać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furgającego	furgać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgającej	furgać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furgającemu	furgać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgając	furgać	pcon:imperf		gwar.
furgająco	furgać	pacta		
furgających	furgać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgających	furgać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgający	furgać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgający	furgać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furgający	furgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furgającym	furgać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgającym	furgać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgającymi	furgać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgają	furgać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgajcie	furgać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgaj	furgać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgajmy	furgać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgaliby	furgać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgalibyście	furgać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgalibyśmy	furgać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgali	furgać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		gwar.
furgali	furgać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgaliście	furgać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgaliśmy	furgać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałaby	furgać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałabym	furgać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałabyś	furgać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgała	furgać	praet:sg:f:imperf		gwar.
furgała	furgać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałam	furgać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałaś	furgać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgałby	furgać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałbym	furgać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałbyś	furgać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgałem	furgać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałeś	furgać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgał	furgać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		gwar.
furgał	furgać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałoby	furgać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałobym	furgać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałobyś	furgać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgało	furgać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		gwar.
furgało	furgać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałom	furgać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgałoś	furgać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgałyby	furgać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałybyście	furgać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgałybyśmy	furgać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgały	furgać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		gwar.
furgały	furgać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		gwar.
furgałyście	furgać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgałyśmy	furgać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgam	furgać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		gwar.
furgamy	furgać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		gwar.
furganiach	furgać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgania	furgać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgania	furgać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furganiami	furgać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furganie	furgać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furganiem	furgać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furganiom	furgać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furganiu	furgać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgano	furgać	imps:imperf		gwar.
furgań	furgać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furgasz	furgać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		gwar.
furgnąć	furgnąć	inf:perf		gwar.
furgną	furgnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnąłby	furgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnąłbym	furgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnąłbyś	furgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnąłem	furgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnąłeś	furgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnął	furgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		gwar.
furgnął	furgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnąwszy	furgnąć	pant:perf		gwar.
furgnę	furgnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęliby	furgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęlibyście	furgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęlibyśmy	furgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęli	furgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		gwar.
furgnęli	furgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęliście	furgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęliśmy	furgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęłaby	furgnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłabym	furgnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęłabyś	furgnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęła	furgnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		gwar.
furgnęła	furgnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłam	furgnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęłaś	furgnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęłoby	furgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłobym	furgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęłobyś	furgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęło	furgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		gwar.
furgnęło	furgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłom	furgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęłoś	furgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęłyby	furgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłybyście	furgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęłybyśmy	furgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
furgnęły	furgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		gwar.
furgnęły	furgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
furgnęłyście	furgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnęłyśmy	furgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
furgniecie	furgnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnie	furgnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		gwar.
furgniemy	furgnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
furgniesz	furgnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnięciach	furgnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięcia	furgnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięcia	furgnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięciami	furgnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięcie	furgnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięciem	furgnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięciom	furgnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięciu	furgnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięć	furgnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
furgnięto	furgnąć	imps:perf		gwar.
furgnijcie	furgnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnij	furgnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
furgnijmy	furgnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
furgonach	furgon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonami	furgon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonem	furgon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgon	furgon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgon	furgon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonie	furgon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonie	furgon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonom	furgon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowi	furgon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonów	furgon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonu	furgon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgony	furgon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgony	furgon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgony	furgon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetce	furgonetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetce	furgonetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetek	furgonetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetkach	furgonetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetka	furgonetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetkami	furgonetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetką	furgonetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetkę	furgonetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetki	furgonetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetki	furgonetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetki	furgonetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetki	furgonetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetko	furgonetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonetkom	furgonetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonistach	furgonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonista	furgonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistami	furgonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistą	furgonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistę	furgonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonisto	furgonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistom	furgonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistów	furgonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonistów	furgonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonisty	furgonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonisty	furgonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonisty	furgonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgoniście	furgonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgoniście	furgonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgoniści	furgonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgoniści	furgonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furgonowościach	furgonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowościami	furgonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowością	furgonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowości	furgonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowościom	furgonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowość	furgonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowość	furgonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgonowa	furgonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furgonową	furgonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furgonową	furgonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furgonowe	furgonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furgonowe	furgonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furgonowe	furgonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furgonowe	furgonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furgonowego	furgonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furgonowego	furgonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgonowej	furgonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furgonowej	furgonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furgonowej	furgonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furgonowemu	furgonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgonowi	furgonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furgonowo	furgonowy	adja		
furgonowych	furgonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furgonowych	furgonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgonowych	furgonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgonowy	furgonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furgonowy	furgonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furgonowym	furgonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgonowym	furgonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgonowym	furgonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgonowymi	furgonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgocie	furgot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgocie	furgot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotach	furgot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotami	furgot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotem	furgot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgot	furgot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgot	furgot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotom	furgot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotowi	furgot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotów	furgot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgotu	furgot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgoty	furgot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgoty	furgot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgoty	furgot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
furgocąca	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furgocącą	furgotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furgocące	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgocące	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgocącego	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furgocącego	furgotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgocącej	furgotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furgocącemu	furgotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgocąc	furgotać	pcon:imperf		rzad.
furgocąco	furgotać	pacta		
furgocących	furgotać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgocących	furgotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgocący	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgocący	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furgocący	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furgocącym	furgotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgocącym	furgotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgocącymi	furgotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgocą	furgotać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgocecie	furgotać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgoce	furgotać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgocemy	furgotać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgocesz	furgotać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgocę	furgotać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgocząca	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furgoczącą	furgotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furgoczące	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgoczące	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgoczącego	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furgoczącego	furgotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgoczącej	furgotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furgoczącemu	furgotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgocząc	furgotać	pcon:imperf		rzad.
furgocząco	furgotać	pacta		
furgoczących	furgotać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgoczących	furgotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgoczący	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furgoczący	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furgoczący	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furgoczącym	furgotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgoczącym	furgotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furgoczącymi	furgotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furgoczą	furgotać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgoczcie	furgotać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgoczecie	furgotać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgocze	furgotać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgoczemy	furgotać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgoczesz	furgotać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgoczę	furgotać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgocz	furgotać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgoczmy	furgotać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotacie	furgotać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotać	furgotać	inf:imperf		rzad.
furgota	furgotać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotająca	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającą	furgotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotające	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotające	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającego	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającego	furgotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającej	furgotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającemu	furgotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotając	furgotać	pcon:imperf		rzad.
furgotająco	furgotać	pacta		rzad.
furgotających	furgotać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotających	furgotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotający	furgotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotający	furgotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotający	furgotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającym	furgotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającym	furgotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotającymi	furgotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
furgotają	furgotać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotajcie	furgotać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotaj	furgotać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotajmy	furgotać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotaliby	furgotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotalibyście	furgotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotalibyśmy	furgotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotali	furgotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
furgotali	furgotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotaliście	furgotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotaliśmy	furgotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałaby	furgotać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałabym	furgotać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałabyś	furgotać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotała	furgotać	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
furgotała	furgotać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałam	furgotać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałaś	furgotać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotałby	furgotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałbym	furgotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałbyś	furgotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotałem	furgotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałeś	furgotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotał	furgotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
furgotał	furgotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałoby	furgotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałobym	furgotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałobyś	furgotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotało	furgotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
furgotało	furgotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałom	furgotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotałoś	furgotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotałyby	furgotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałybyście	furgotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotałybyśmy	furgotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotały	furgotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
furgotały	furgotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
furgotałyście	furgotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotałyśmy	furgotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotam	furgotać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotamy	furgotać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
furgotaniach	furgotać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotania	furgotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotania	furgotać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotaniami	furgotać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotanie	furgotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotaniem	furgotać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotaniom	furgotać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotaniu	furgotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotano	furgotać	imps:imperf		rzad.
furgotań	furgotać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furgotasz	furgotać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
furgotliwościach	furgotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwościami	furgotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwością	furgotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwości	furgotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwościom	furgotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwość	furgotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwość	furgotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furgotliwa	furgotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furgotliwą	furgotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furgotliwą	furgotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furgotliwe	furgotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furgotliwe	furgotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furgotliwe	furgotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwe	furgotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwego	furgotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furgotliwego	furgotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwej	furgotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furgotliwej	furgotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furgotliwej	furgotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furgotliwemu	furgotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwi	furgotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furgotliwo	furgotliwy	adja		
furgotliwych	furgotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furgotliwych	furgotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgotliwych	furgotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgotliwy	furgotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furgotliwy	furgotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furgotliwym	furgotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furgotliwym	furgotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwym	furgotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furgotliwymi	furgotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furiach	furia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furia	furia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiami	furia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furią	furia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furie	furia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furie	furia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furie	furia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furię	furia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furii	furia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
furii	furia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furii	furia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furii	furia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furio	furia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiom	furia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furyj	furia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
furiaccy	furiacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furiacka	furiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furiacką	furiacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furiacką	furiacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furiackich	furiacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furiackich	furiacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furiackich	furiacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furiackie	furiacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furiackie	furiacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furiackie	furiacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furiackie	furiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furiackiego	furiacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furiackiego	furiacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furiackiej	furiacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furiackiej	furiacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furiackiej	furiacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furiackiemu	furiacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furiacki	furiacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furiacki	furiacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furiackim	furiacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furiackim	furiacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furiackim	furiacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furiackimi	furiacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furiacko	furiacki	adja		
furiacku	furiacki	adjp		
furiacko	furiacko	adv:pos		
furiackościach	furiackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackościami	furiackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackością	furiackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackości	furiackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackościom	furiackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackość	furiackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiackość	furiackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiancie	furiant	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiancie	furiant	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantach	furiant	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furianta	furiant	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furianta	furiant	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantami	furiant	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantem	furiant	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiant	furiant	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantom	furiant	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantowi	furiant	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiantów	furiant	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furianty	furiant	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furianty	furiant	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furianty	furiant	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
furiacie	furiat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiacie	furiat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiaci	furiat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiaci	furiat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatach	furiat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiata	furiat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiata	furiat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatami	furiat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatem	furiat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiat	furiat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatom	furiat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatowi	furiat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatów	furiat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiatów	furiat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furiaty	furiat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furiaty	furiat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furiatce	furiatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatce	furiatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatek	furiatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatkach	furiatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatka	furiatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatkami	furiatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatką	furiatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatkę	furiatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatki	furiatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatki	furiatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatki	furiatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatki	furiatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatko	furiatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furiatkom	furiatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furierach	furier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furiera	furier	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furiera	furier	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierami	furier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierem	furier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furier	furier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierom	furier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierowie	furier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierowie	furier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierowi	furier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierów	furier	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierów	furier	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furiery	furier	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furiery	furier	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierze	furier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierze	furier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierzy	furier	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furierzy	furier	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furieryzmach	furieryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmami	furieryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmem	furieryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzm	furieryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzm	furieryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmie	furieryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmie	furieryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmom	furieryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmowi	furieryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmów	furieryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmu	furieryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmy	furieryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmy	furieryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furieryzmy	furieryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furiować	furiować	inf:imperf		daw.
furiowaliby	furiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowalibyście	furiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowalibyśmy	furiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowali	furiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
furiowali	furiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowaliście	furiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowaliśmy	furiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałaby	furiować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałabym	furiować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałabyś	furiować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowała	furiować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
furiowała	furiować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałam	furiować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałaś	furiować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowałby	furiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałbym	furiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałbyś	furiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowałem	furiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałeś	furiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
furiował	furiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
furiował	furiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałoby	furiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałobym	furiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałobyś	furiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowało	furiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
furiowało	furiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałom	furiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowałoś	furiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowałyby	furiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałybyście	furiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowałybyśmy	furiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowały	furiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
furiowały	furiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
furiowałyście	furiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
furiowałyśmy	furiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
furiowaniach	furiować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowania	furiować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowania	furiować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowaniami	furiować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowanie	furiować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowaniem	furiować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowaniom	furiować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowaniu	furiować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furiowano	furiować	imps:imperf		daw.
furiowań	furiować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furiująca	furiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furiującą	furiować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furiujące	furiować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furiujące	furiować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furiującego	furiować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furiującego	furiować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furiującej	furiować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furiującemu	furiować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furiując	furiować	pcon:imperf		daw.
furiująco	furiować	pacta		
furiujących	furiować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furiujących	furiować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furiujący	furiować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furiujący	furiować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furiujący	furiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furiującym	furiować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furiującym	furiować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furiującymi	furiować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furiują	furiować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
furiujcie	furiować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
furiujecie	furiować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
furiuje	furiować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
furiujemy	furiować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
furiujesz	furiować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
furiuję	furiować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
furiuj	furiować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
furiujmy	furiować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
furce	furka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furce	furka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furek	furka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkach	furka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furka	furka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkami	furka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furką	furka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkę	furka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furki	furka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furki	furka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furki	furka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furki	furka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furko	furka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkom	furka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacjach	furkacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacja	furkacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacjami	furkacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacją	furkacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacje	furkacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacje	furkacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacje	furkacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkację	furkacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacji	furkacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
furkacji	furkacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacji	furkacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacji	furkacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacjo	furkacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacjom	furkacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furkacyj	furkacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
furkacie	furkać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
furkać	furkać	inf:imperf		
furka	furkać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
furkająca	furkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furkającą	furkać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furkające	furkać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkające	furkać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkającego	furkać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furkającego	furkać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkającej	furkać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furkającemu	furkać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkając	furkać	pcon:imperf		
furkająco	furkać	pacta		
furkających	furkać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkających	furkać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkający	furkać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkający	furkać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furkający	furkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furkającym	furkać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkającym	furkać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkającymi	furkać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkają	furkać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
furkajcie	furkać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
furkaj	furkać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
furkajmy	furkać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
furkaliby	furkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furkalibyście	furkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furkalibyśmy	furkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furkali	furkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
furkali	furkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furkaliście	furkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furkaliśmy	furkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furkałaby	furkać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furkałabym	furkać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furkałabyś	furkać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furkała	furkać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
furkała	furkać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furkałam	furkać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furkałaś	furkać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furkałby	furkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furkałbym	furkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furkałbyś	furkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furkałem	furkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furkałeś	furkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furkał	furkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
furkał	furkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furkałoby	furkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furkałobym	furkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furkałobyś	furkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furkało	furkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
furkało	furkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furkałom	furkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furkałoś	furkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furkałyby	furkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furkałybyście	furkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furkałybyśmy	furkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furkały	furkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
furkały	furkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furkałyście	furkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furkałyśmy	furkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furkam	furkać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
furkamy	furkać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
furkaniach	furkać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkania	furkać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkania	furkać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furkaniami	furkać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furkanie	furkać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkaniem	furkać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furkaniom	furkać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furkaniu	furkać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkano	furkać	imps:imperf		
furkań	furkać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furkasz	furkać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
furkadeł	furkadło	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadle	furkadło	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadłach	furkadło	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadła	furkadło	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadła	furkadło	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadła	furkadło	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadła	furkadło	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadłami	furkadło	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadłem	furkadło	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadło	furkadło	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadło	furkadło	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadło	furkadło	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadłom	furkadło	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furkadłu	furkadło	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furknąć	furknąć	inf:perf		
furkną	furknąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
furknąłby	furknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
furknąłbym	furknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
furknąłbyś	furknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
furknąłem	furknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
furknąłeś	furknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
furknął	furknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
furknął	furknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
furknąwszy	furknąć	pant:perf		
furknę	furknąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
furknęliby	furknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
furknęlibyście	furknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
furknęlibyśmy	furknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
furknęli	furknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
furknęli	furknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
furknęliście	furknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
furknęliśmy	furknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
furknęłaby	furknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
furknęłabym	furknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
furknęłabyś	furknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
furknęła	furknąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
furknęła	furknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
furknęłam	furknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
furknęłaś	furknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
furknęłoby	furknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
furknęłobym	furknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
furknęłobyś	furknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
furknęło	furknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
furknęło	furknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
furknęłom	furknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
furknęłoś	furknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
furknęłyby	furknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
furknęłybyście	furknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
furknęłybyśmy	furknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
furknęły	furknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
furknęły	furknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
furknęłyście	furknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
furknęłyśmy	furknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
furkniecie	furknąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
furknie	furknąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
furkniemy	furknąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
furkniesz	furknąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
furknięciach	furknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
furknięcia	furknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
furknięcia	furknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
furknięciami	furknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
furknięcie	furknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
furknięciem	furknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
furknięciom	furknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
furknięciu	furknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
furknięć	furknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
furknięto	furknąć	imps:perf		
furknijcie	furknąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
furknij	furknąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
furknijmy	furknąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
furkocie	furkot	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkocie	furkot	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotach	furkot	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotami	furkot	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotem	furkot	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkot	furkot	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkot	furkot	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotom	furkot	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotowi	furkot	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotów	furkot	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkotu	furkot	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkoty	furkot	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkoty	furkot	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkoty	furkot	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furkocąca	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furkocącą	furkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furkocące	furkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkocące	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkocącego	furkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furkocącego	furkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkocącej	furkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furkocącemu	furkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkocąc	furkotać	pcon:imperf		
furkocąco	furkotać	pacta		
furkocących	furkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkocących	furkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkocący	furkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkocący	furkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furkocący	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furkocącym	furkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkocącym	furkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkocącymi	furkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkocą	furkotać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
furkocecie	furkotać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
furkoce	furkotać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
furkocemy	furkotać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
furkocesz	furkotać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
furkocę	furkotać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
furkocząca	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furkoczącą	furkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furkoczące	furkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkoczące	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkoczącego	furkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furkoczącego	furkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkoczącej	furkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furkoczącemu	furkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkocząc	furkotać	pcon:imperf		
furkocząco	furkotać	pacta		
furkoczących	furkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkoczących	furkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkoczący	furkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furkoczący	furkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furkoczący	furkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furkoczącym	furkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkoczącym	furkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furkoczącymi	furkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furkoczą	furkotać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
furkoczcie	furkotać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
furkoczecie	furkotać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
furkocze	furkotać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
furkoczemy	furkotać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
furkoczesz	furkotać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
furkoczę	furkotać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
furkocz	furkotać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
furkoczmy	furkotać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
furkotać	furkotać	inf:imperf		
furkotaliby	furkotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furkotalibyście	furkotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furkotalibyśmy	furkotać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furkotali	furkotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
furkotali	furkotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furkotaliście	furkotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furkotaliśmy	furkotać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furkotałaby	furkotać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furkotałabym	furkotać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furkotałabyś	furkotać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furkotała	furkotać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
furkotała	furkotać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furkotałam	furkotać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furkotałaś	furkotać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furkotałby	furkotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furkotałbym	furkotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furkotałbyś	furkotać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furkotałem	furkotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furkotałeś	furkotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furkotał	furkotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
furkotał	furkotać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furkotałoby	furkotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furkotałobym	furkotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furkotałobyś	furkotać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furkotało	furkotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
furkotało	furkotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furkotałom	furkotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furkotałoś	furkotać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furkotałyby	furkotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furkotałybyście	furkotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furkotałybyśmy	furkotać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furkotały	furkotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
furkotały	furkotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furkotałyście	furkotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furkotałyśmy	furkotać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furkotaniach	furkotać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotania	furkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotania	furkotać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotaniami	furkotać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotanie	furkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotaniem	furkotać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotaniom	furkotać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotaniu	furkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furkotano	furkotać	imps:imperf		
furkotań	furkotać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanach	furman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmana	furman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmana	furman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanami	furman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanem	furman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furman	furman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanie	furman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanie	furman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmani	furman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmani	furman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanom	furman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanowi	furman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanów	furman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmanów	furman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furmany	furman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furmany	furman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczce	furmaneczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczce	furmaneczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczek	furmaneczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczkach	furmaneczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczka	furmaneczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczkami	furmaneczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczką	furmaneczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczkę	furmaneczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczki	furmaneczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczki	furmaneczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczki	furmaneczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczki	furmaneczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczko	furmaneczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaneczkom	furmaneczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaniąca	furmanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furmaniącą	furmanić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furmaniące	furmanić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmaniące	furmanić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmaniącego	furmanić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furmaniącego	furmanić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmaniącej	furmanić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furmaniącemu	furmanić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmaniąc	furmanić	pcon:imperf		
furmaniąco	furmanić	pacta		
furmaniących	furmanić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furmaniących	furmanić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmaniący	furmanić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furmaniący	furmanić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furmaniący	furmanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furmaniącym	furmanić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmaniącym	furmanić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmaniącymi	furmanić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmanią	furmanić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
furmanicie	furmanić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
furmanić	furmanić	inf:imperf		
furmanieniach	furmanić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanienia	furmanić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanienia	furmanić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanieniami	furmanić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanienie	furmanić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanieniem	furmanić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanieni	furmanić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furmanieniom	furmanić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanieniu	furmanić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanień	furmanić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
furmanię	furmanić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
furmani	furmanić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
furmaniliby	furmanić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furmanilibyście	furmanić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furmanilibyśmy	furmanić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furmanili	furmanić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
furmanili	furmanić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
furmaniliście	furmanić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
furmaniliśmy	furmanić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
furmaniłaby	furmanić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furmaniłabym	furmanić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furmaniłabyś	furmanić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furmaniła	furmanić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
furmaniła	furmanić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
furmaniłam	furmanić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
furmaniłaś	furmanić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
furmaniłby	furmanić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furmaniłbym	furmanić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furmaniłbyś	furmanić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furmaniłem	furmanić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
furmaniłeś	furmanić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
furmanił	furmanić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
furmanił	furmanić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
furmaniłoby	furmanić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furmaniłobym	furmanić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furmaniłobyś	furmanić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furmaniło	furmanić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
furmaniło	furmanić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
furmaniłom	furmanić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
furmaniłoś	furmanić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
furmaniłyby	furmanić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furmaniłybyście	furmanić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furmaniłybyśmy	furmanić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furmaniły	furmanić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
furmaniły	furmanić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
furmaniłyście	furmanić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
furmaniłyśmy	furmanić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
furmanimy	furmanić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
furmaniona	furmanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
furmanioną	furmanić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
furmanione	furmanić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmanione	furmanić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmanionego	furmanić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
furmanionego	furmanić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmanionej	furmanić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
furmanionemu	furmanić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmaniono	furmanić	imps:imperf		
furmanionych	furmanić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
furmanionych	furmanić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmaniony	furmanić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
furmaniony	furmanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
furmanionym	furmanić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmanionym	furmanić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
furmanionymi	furmanić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
furmanisz	furmanić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
furmańcie	furmanić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
furmań	furmanić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
furmańmy	furmanić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
furmance	furmanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmance	furmanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanek	furmanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmankach	furmanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanka	furmanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmankami	furmanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanką	furmanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmankę	furmanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanki	furmanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanki	furmanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanki	furmanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanki	furmanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmanko	furmanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmankom	furmanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańscy	furmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
furmańska	furmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
furmańską	furmański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
furmańską	furmański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
furmańskich	furmański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
furmańskich	furmański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furmańskich	furmański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furmańskie	furmański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furmańskie	furmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
furmańskie	furmański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
furmańskie	furmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
furmańskiego	furmański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
furmańskiego	furmański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furmańskiej	furmański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
furmańskiej	furmański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
furmańskiej	furmański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
furmańskiemu	furmański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furmański	furmański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
furmański	furmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
furmańskim	furmański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furmańskim	furmański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furmańskim	furmański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
furmańskimi	furmański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
furmańsko	furmański	adja		
furmańsku	furmański	adjp		
furmańsko	furmańsko	adv:pos		
furmańskościach	furmańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskościami	furmańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskością	furmańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskości	furmańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskościom	furmańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskość	furmańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmańskość	furmańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwach	furmaństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwa	furmaństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwa	furmaństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwa	furmaństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwa	furmaństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwami	furmaństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwem	furmaństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństw	furmaństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwie	furmaństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwo	furmaństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwo	furmaństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwo	furmaństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwom	furmaństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furmaństwu	furmaństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
furorach	furor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorami	furor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorem	furor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furor	furor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furor	furor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorom	furor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorowi	furor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorów	furor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furoru	furor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furory	furor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furory	furor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furory	furor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorze	furor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorze	furor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
furorach	furora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furora	furora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorami	furora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorą	furora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorę	furora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furor	furora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furoro	furora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorom	furora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furory	furora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furory	furora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furory	furora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furory	furora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorze	furora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorze	furora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furorowościach	furorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowościami	furorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowością	furorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowości	furorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowościom	furorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowość	furorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowość	furorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
furorowa	furorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
furorową	furorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
furorową	furorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
furorowe	furorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furorowe	furorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furorowe	furorowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowe	furorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowego	furorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
furorowego	furorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowej	furorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
furorowej	furorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
furorowej	furorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
furorowemu	furorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowi	furorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
furorowo	furorowy	adja		przest.
furorowych	furorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
furorowych	furorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furorowych	furorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furorowy	furorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
furorowy	furorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
furorowym	furorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furorowym	furorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowym	furorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
furorowymi	furorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
furt	furt	adv		gwar.|pot.
furcie	furta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furcie	furta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtach	furta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furta	furta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtami	furta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtą	furta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtę	furta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furt	furta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furto	furta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtom	furta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furty	furta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furty	furta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furty	furta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furty	furta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczce	furteczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczce	furteczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczek	furteczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczkach	furteczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczka	furteczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczkami	furteczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczką	furteczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczkę	furteczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczki	furteczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczki	furteczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczki	furteczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczki	furteczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczko	furteczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furteczkom	furteczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianach	furtian	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtiana	furtian	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtiana	furtian	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianami	furtian	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianem	furtian	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtian	furtian	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianie	furtian	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianie	furtian	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtiani	furtian	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtiani	furtian	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianom	furtian	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianowi	furtian	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianów	furtian	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtianów	furtian	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
furtiany	furtian	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furtiany	furtian	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
furtiance	furtianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtiance	furtianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianek	furtianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtiankach	furtianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianka	furtianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtiankami	furtianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianką	furtianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtiankę	furtianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianki	furtianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianki	furtianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianki	furtianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianki	furtianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtianko	furtianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtiankom	furtianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtce	furtka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtce	furtka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtek	furtka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtkach	furtka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtka	furtka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtkami	furtka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtką	furtka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtkę	furtka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtki	furtka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtki	furtka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtki	furtka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtki	furtka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtko	furtka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furtkom	furtka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozach	furunkuloza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuloza	furunkuloza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozami	furunkuloza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozą	furunkuloza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozę	furunkuloza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuloz	furunkuloza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozie	furunkuloza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozie	furunkuloza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozo	furunkuloza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozom	furunkuloza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozy	furunkuloza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozy	furunkuloza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozy	furunkuloza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkulozy	furunkuloza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
furunkule	furunkuł	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkule	furunkuł	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułach	furunkuł	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułami	furunkuł	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułem	furunkuł	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuł	furunkuł	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuł	furunkuł	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułom	furunkuł	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułowi	furunkuł	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułów	furunkuł	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkułu	furunkuł	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuły	furunkuł	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuły	furunkuł	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
furunkuły	furunkuł	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fusach	fus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusa	fus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusami	fus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusem	fus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fus	fus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fus	fus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusie	fus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusie	fus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusom	fus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusowi	fus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusów	fus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusu	fus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusy	fus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusy	fus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusy	fus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusion	fusion	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechcie	fusknecht	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechcie	fusknecht	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechci	fusknecht	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechci	fusknecht	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtach	fusknecht	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechta	fusknecht	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechta	fusknecht	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtami	fusknecht	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtem	fusknecht	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknecht	fusknecht	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtom	fusknecht	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtowi	fusknecht	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtów	fusknecht	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechtów	fusknecht	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechty	fusknecht	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fusknechty	fusknecht	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatościach	fusowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatościami	fusowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatością	fusowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatości	fusowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatościom	fusowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatość	fusowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowatość	fusowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fusowaci	fusowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fusowata	fusowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fusowatą	fusowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fusowatą	fusowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fusowate	fusowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fusowate	fusowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fusowate	fusowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fusowate	fusowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fusowatego	fusowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fusowatego	fusowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fusowatej	fusowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fusowatej	fusowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fusowatej	fusowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fusowatemu	fusowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fusowato	fusowaty	adja		
fusowatych	fusowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fusowatych	fusowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fusowatych	fusowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fusowaty	fusowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fusowaty	fusowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fusowatym	fusowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fusowatym	fusowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fusowatym	fusowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fusowatymi	fusowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fustażach	fustaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażami	fustaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaże	fustaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaże	fustaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaże	fustaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażem	fustaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaż	fustaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaż	fustaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażom	fustaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażowi	fustaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażów	fustaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażu	fustaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażu	fustaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustażu	fustaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fustaży	fustaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fusach	fusy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusami	fusy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusom	fusy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusów	fusy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusy	fusy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusy	fusy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fusy	fusy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerach	fuszer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszera	fuszer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszera	fuszer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerami	fuszer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerem	fuszer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszer	fuszer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerom	fuszer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerowi	fuszer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerów	fuszer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerów	fuszer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszery	fuszer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszery	fuszer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerze	fuszer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerze	fuszer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerzy	fuszer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerzy	fuszer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerce	fuszerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerce	fuszerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerek	fuszerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerkach	fuszerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerka	fuszerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerkami	fuszerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerką	fuszerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerkę	fuszerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerki	fuszerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerki	fuszerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerki	fuszerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerki	fuszerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerko	fuszerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerkom	fuszerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerować	fuszerować	inf:imperf		
fuszerowaliby	fuszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fuszerowalibyście	fuszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fuszerowalibyśmy	fuszerować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fuszerowali	fuszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fuszerowali	fuszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fuszerowaliście	fuszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fuszerowaliśmy	fuszerować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałaby	fuszerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałabym	fuszerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałabyś	fuszerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fuszerowała	fuszerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fuszerowała	fuszerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałam	fuszerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałaś	fuszerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fuszerowałby	fuszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałbym	fuszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałbyś	fuszerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fuszerowałem	fuszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałeś	fuszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fuszerował	fuszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fuszerował	fuszerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałoby	fuszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałobym	fuszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałobyś	fuszerować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fuszerowało	fuszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fuszerowało	fuszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałom	fuszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fuszerowałoś	fuszerować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fuszerowałyby	fuszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałybyście	fuszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fuszerowałybyśmy	fuszerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fuszerowały	fuszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fuszerowały	fuszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fuszerowałyście	fuszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fuszerowałyśmy	fuszerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fuszerowana	fuszerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaną	fuszerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerowane	fuszerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowane	fuszerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanego	fuszerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanego	fuszerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanej	fuszerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanemu	fuszerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaniach	fuszerować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowania	fuszerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowania	fuszerować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaniami	fuszerować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanie	fuszerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaniem	fuszerować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowani	fuszerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaniom	fuszerować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowaniu	fuszerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowano	fuszerować	imps:imperf		
fuszerowanych	fuszerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanych	fuszerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowany	fuszerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowany	fuszerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanym	fuszerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanym	fuszerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerowanymi	fuszerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerowań	fuszerować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerująca	fuszerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerującą	fuszerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerujące	fuszerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerujące	fuszerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerującego	fuszerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fuszerującego	fuszerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerującej	fuszerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fuszerującemu	fuszerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerując	fuszerować	pcon:imperf		
fuszerująco	fuszerować	pacta		
fuszerujących	fuszerować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fuszerujących	fuszerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerujący	fuszerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fuszerujący	fuszerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fuszerujący	fuszerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fuszerującym	fuszerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerującym	fuszerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fuszerującymi	fuszerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fuszerują	fuszerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fuszerujcie	fuszerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fuszerujecie	fuszerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fuszeruje	fuszerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fuszerujemy	fuszerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fuszerujesz	fuszerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fuszeruję	fuszerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fuszeruj	fuszerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fuszerujmy	fuszerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fuszerscy	fuszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fuszerska	fuszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fuszerską	fuszerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fuszerską	fuszerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fuszerskich	fuszerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fuszerskich	fuszerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuszerskich	fuszerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuszerskie	fuszerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuszerskie	fuszerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuszerskie	fuszerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fuszerskie	fuszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fuszerskiego	fuszerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fuszerskiego	fuszerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuszerskiej	fuszerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fuszerskiej	fuszerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fuszerskiej	fuszerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fuszerskiemu	fuszerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuszerski	fuszerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fuszerski	fuszerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fuszerskim	fuszerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuszerskim	fuszerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuszerskim	fuszerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuszerskimi	fuszerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuszersko	fuszerski	adja		
fuszersku	fuszerski	adjp		
fuszersko	fuszersko	adv:pos		
fuszerskościach	fuszerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskościami	fuszerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskością	fuszerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskości	fuszerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskościom	fuszerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskość	fuszerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerskość	fuszerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwach	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwa	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwa	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwa	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwa	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwami	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwem	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstw	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwie	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwo	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwo	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwo	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwom	fuszerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuszerstwu	fuszerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futbolach	futbol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolami	futbol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbole	futbol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbole	futbol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbole	futbol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolem	futbol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbol	futbol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbol	futbol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futboli	futbol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolom	futbol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowi	futbol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolu	futbol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolu	futbol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolu	futbol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistach	futbolista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolista	futbolista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistami	futbolista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistą	futbolista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistę	futbolista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolisto	futbolista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistom	futbolista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistów	futbolista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistów	futbolista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolisty	futbolista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futbolisty	futbolista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futbolisty	futbolista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futboliście	futbolista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futboliście	futbolista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futboliści	futbolista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futboliści	futbolista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistce	futbolistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistce	futbolistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistek	futbolistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistkach	futbolistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistka	futbolistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistkami	futbolistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistką	futbolistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistkę	futbolistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistki	futbolistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistki	futbolistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistki	futbolistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistki	futbolistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistko	futbolistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolistkom	futbolistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowo	futbolowo	adv:pos		
futbolowościach	futbolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowościami	futbolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowością	futbolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowości	futbolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowościom	futbolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowość	futbolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowość	futbolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolowa	futbolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futbolową	futbolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futbolową	futbolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futbolowe	futbolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futbolowe	futbolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futbolowe	futbolowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futbolowe	futbolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futbolowego	futbolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futbolowego	futbolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futbolowej	futbolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futbolowej	futbolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futbolowej	futbolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futbolowemu	futbolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futbolowi	futbolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futbolowo	futbolowy	adja		
futbolowych	futbolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futbolowych	futbolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futbolowych	futbolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futbolowy	futbolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futbolowy	futbolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futbolowym	futbolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futbolowym	futbolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futbolowym	futbolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futbolowymi	futbolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futbolówce	futbolówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówce	futbolówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówek	futbolówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówkach	futbolówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówka	futbolówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówkami	futbolówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówką	futbolówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówkę	futbolówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówki	futbolówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówki	futbolówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówki	futbolówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówki	futbolówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówko	futbolówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futbolówkom	futbolówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futer	futer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futer	futer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrach	futer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrami	futer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrem	futer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrom	futer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrowi	futer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrów	futer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futru	futer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futry	futer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futry	futer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futry	futer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrze	futer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futrze	futer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
futeralikach	futeralik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralika	futeralik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralikami	futeralik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralik	futeralik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralik	futeralik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralikiem	futeralik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeraliki	futeralik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeraliki	futeralik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeraliki	futeralik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralikom	futeralik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralikowi	futeralik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeralików	futeralik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeraliku	futeralik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futeraliku	futeralik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerale	futerał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerale	futerał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałach	futerał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałami	futerał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałem	futerał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerał	futerał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerał	futerał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałom	futerał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałowi	futerał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerałów	futerał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerału	futerał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerały	futerał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerały	futerał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerały	futerał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futerek	futerko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerkach	futerko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerka	futerko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerka	futerko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerka	futerko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerka	futerko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerkami	futerko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerkiem	futerko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerko	futerko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerko	futerko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerko	futerko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerkom	futerko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerku	futerko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerku	futerko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowościach	futerkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowościami	futerkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowością	futerkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowości	futerkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowościom	futerkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowość	futerkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowość	futerkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futerkowa	futerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futerkową	futerkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futerkową	futerkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futerkowe	futerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futerkowe	futerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futerkowe	futerkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futerkowe	futerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futerkowego	futerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futerkowego	futerkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futerkowej	futerkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futerkowej	futerkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futerkowej	futerkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futerkowemu	futerkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futerkowi	futerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futerkowo	futerkowy	adja		
futerkowych	futerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futerkowych	futerkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futerkowych	futerkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futerkowy	futerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futerkowy	futerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futerkowym	futerkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futerkowym	futerkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futerkowym	futerkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futerkowymi	futerkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futernicy	futernik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernicy	futernik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernikach	futernik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernika	futernik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernika	futernik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernikami	futernik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernik	futernik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernikiem	futernik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerniki	futernik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerniki	futernik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernikom	futernik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futernikowi	futernik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerników	futernik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerników	futernik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerniku	futernik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futerniku	futernik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
futorach	futor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorami	futor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorem	futor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futor	futor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futor	futor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorom	futor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorowi	futor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorów	futor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futoru	futor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futory	futor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futory	futor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futory	futor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorze	futor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorze	futor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorek	futorek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorek	futorek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorkach	futorek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorka	futorek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorkami	futorek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorkiem	futorek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorki	futorek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorki	futorek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorki	futorek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorkom	futorek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorkowi	futorek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorków	futorek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorku	futorek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futorku	futorek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futornicy	futornik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornicy	futornik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornikach	futornik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornika	futornik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornika	futornik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornikami	futornik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornik	futornik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornikiem	futornik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorniki	futornik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futorniki	futornik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futornikom	futornik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futornikowi	futornik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorników	futornik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorników	futornik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorniku	futornik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorniku	futornik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanach	futorzanin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanami	futorzanin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzan	futorzanin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzan	futorzanin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanie	futorzanin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanie	futorzanin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanina	futorzanin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanina	futorzanin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzaninem	futorzanin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanin	futorzanin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzaninie	futorzanin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzaninie	futorzanin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzaninowi	futorzanin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanom	futorzanin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futorzany	futorzanin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futorzany	futorzanin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futorzance	futorzanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzance	futorzanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanek	futorzanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzankach	futorzanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanka	futorzanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzankami	futorzanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanką	futorzanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzankę	futorzanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanki	futorzanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanki	futorzanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanki	futorzanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanki	futorzanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzanko	futorzanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futorzankom	futorzanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futer	futro	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrach	futro	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futra	futro	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futra	futro	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futra	futro	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futra	futro	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrami	futro	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrem	futro	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futro	futro	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futro	futro	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futro	futro	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrom	futro	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futru	futro	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrze	futro	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobnościach	futropodobność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobnościami	futropodobność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobnością	futropodobność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobności	futropodobność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobnościom	futropodobność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobność	futropodobność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobność	futropodobność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futropodobna	futropodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futropodobną	futropodobny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futropodobną	futropodobny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futropodobne	futropodobny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futropodobne	futropodobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futropodobne	futropodobny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futropodobne	futropodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futropodobnego	futropodobny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futropodobnego	futropodobny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futropodobnej	futropodobny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futropodobnej	futropodobny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futropodobnej	futropodobny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futropodobnemu	futropodobny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futropodobni	futropodobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futropodobno	futropodobny	adja		
futropodobnych	futropodobny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futropodobnych	futropodobny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futropodobnych	futropodobny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futropodobny	futropodobny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futropodobny	futropodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futropodobnym	futropodobny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futropodobnym	futropodobny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futropodobnym	futropodobny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futropodobnymi	futropodobny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrować	futrować:v1	inf:imperf		bud.
futrowaliby	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowalibyście	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowalibyśmy	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowali	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		bud.
futrowali	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowaliście	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowaliśmy	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałaby	futrować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałabym	futrować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałabyś	futrować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowała	futrować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		bud.
futrowała	futrować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałam	futrować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałaś	futrować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowałby	futrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałbym	futrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałbyś	futrować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowałem	futrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałeś	futrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
futrował	futrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		bud.
futrował	futrować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałoby	futrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałobym	futrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałobyś	futrować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowało	futrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		bud.
futrowało	futrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałom	futrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowałoś	futrować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowałyby	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałybyście	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowałybyśmy	futrować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowały	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		bud.
futrowały	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
futrowałyście	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
futrowałyśmy	futrować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
futrowana	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
futrowaną	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
futrowane	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowane	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanego	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
futrowanego	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanej	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
futrowanemu	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniach	futrować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowania	futrować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowania	futrować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniami	futrować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanie	futrować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniem	futrować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowani	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrowaniom	futrować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniu	futrować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowano	futrować:v1	imps:imperf		bud.
futrowanych	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrowanych	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowany	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
futrowany	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
futrowanym	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowanym	futrować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanymi	futrować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowań	futrować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
futrująca	futrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
futrującą	futrować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
futrujące	futrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrujące	futrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującego	futrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
futrującego	futrować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującej	futrować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
futrującemu	futrować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrując	futrować:v1	pcon:imperf		bud.
futrująco	futrować:v1	pacta		
futrujących	futrować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrujących	futrować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
futrującym	futrować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrującym	futrować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującymi	futrować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrują	futrować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		bud.
futrujcie	futrować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
futrujecie	futrować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
futruje	futrować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		bud.
futrujemy	futrować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
futrujesz	futrować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
futruję	futrować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		bud.
futruj	futrować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
futrujmy	futrować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
futrować	futrować:v2	inf:imperf		daw.
futrowaliby	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowalibyście	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowalibyśmy	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowali	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
futrowali	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowaliście	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowaliśmy	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałaby	futrować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałabym	futrować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałabyś	futrować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowała	futrować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
futrowała	futrować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałam	futrować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałaś	futrować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowałby	futrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałbym	futrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałbyś	futrować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowałem	futrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałeś	futrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
futrował	futrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
futrował	futrować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałoby	futrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałobym	futrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałobyś	futrować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowało	futrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
futrowało	futrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałom	futrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowałoś	futrować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowałyby	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałybyście	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowałybyśmy	futrować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowały	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
futrowały	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
futrowałyście	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
futrowałyśmy	futrować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
futrowana	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
futrowaną	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
futrowane	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowane	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanego	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
futrowanego	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanej	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
futrowanemu	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniach	futrować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowania	futrować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowania	futrować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniami	futrować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanie	futrować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniem	futrować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowani	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrowaniom	futrować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowaniu	futrować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
futrowano	futrować:v2	imps:imperf		daw.
futrowanych	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrowanych	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowany	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
futrowany	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
futrowanym	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowanym	futrować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrowanymi	futrować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrowań	futrować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
futrująca	futrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
futrującą	futrować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
futrujące	futrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrujące	futrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującego	futrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
futrującego	futrować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującej	futrować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
futrującemu	futrować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrując	futrować:v2	pcon:imperf		daw.
futrująco	futrować:v2	pacta		
futrujących	futrować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrujących	futrować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
futrujący	futrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
futrującym	futrować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrującym	futrować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
futrującymi	futrować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
futrują	futrować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
futrujcie	futrować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
futrujecie	futrować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
futruje	futrować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
futrujemy	futrować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
futrujesz	futrować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
futruję	futrować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
futruj	futrować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
futrujmy	futrować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
futrówce	futrówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówce	futrówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówek	futrówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówkach	futrówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówka	futrówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówkami	futrówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówką	futrówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówkę	futrówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówki	futrówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówki	futrówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówki	futrówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówki	futrówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówko	futrówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrówkom	futrówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynach	futryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryna	futryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynami	futryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryną	futryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynę	futryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryn	futryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynie	futryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynie	futryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryno	futryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynom	futryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryny	futryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryny	futryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryny	futryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futryny	futryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowościach	futrynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowościami	futrynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowością	futrynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowości	futrynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowościom	futrynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowość	futrynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowość	futrynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrynowa	futrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futrynową	futrynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futrynową	futrynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futrynowe	futrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrynowe	futrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrynowe	futrynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futrynowe	futrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futrynowego	futrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futrynowego	futrynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrynowej	futrynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futrynowej	futrynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futrynowej	futrynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futrynowemu	futrynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrynowi	futrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futrynowo	futrynowy	adja		
futrynowych	futrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futrynowych	futrynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrynowych	futrynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrynowy	futrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futrynowy	futrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futrynowym	futrynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrynowym	futrynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrynowym	futrynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrynowymi	futrynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzakach	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaka	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakami	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzak	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzak	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakiem	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakom	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakowi	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaków	futrzak:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaku	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaku	futrzak:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakach	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaka	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaka	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakami	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzak	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakiem	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaki	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakom	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzakowi	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaków	futrzak:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaku	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaku	futrzak:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzanościach	futrzaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzanościami	futrzaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzanością	futrzaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaności	futrzaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzanościom	futrzaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaność	futrzaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzaność	futrzaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzana	futrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futrzaną	futrzany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futrzaną	futrzany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futrzane	futrzany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzane	futrzany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzane	futrzany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzane	futrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzanego	futrzany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futrzanego	futrzany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzanej	futrzany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futrzanej	futrzany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futrzanej	futrzany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futrzanemu	futrzany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzani	futrzany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futrzano	futrzany	adja		
futrzanych	futrzany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futrzanych	futrzany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzanych	futrzany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzany	futrzany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futrzany	futrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futrzanym	futrzany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzanym	futrzany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzanym	futrzany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzanymi	futrzany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarscy	futrzarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futrzarska	futrzarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futrzarską	futrzarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futrzarską	futrzarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futrzarskich	futrzarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futrzarskich	futrzarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarskich	futrzarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarskie	futrzarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarskie	futrzarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarskie	futrzarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzarskie	futrzarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzarskiego	futrzarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futrzarskiego	futrzarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzarskiej	futrzarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futrzarskiej	futrzarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futrzarskiej	futrzarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futrzarskiemu	futrzarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzarski	futrzarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futrzarski	futrzarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futrzarskim	futrzarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarskim	futrzarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzarskim	futrzarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzarskimi	futrzarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzarsko	futrzarski	adja		
futrzarsku	futrzarski	adjp		
futrzarsko	futrzarsko	adv:pos		
futrzarskościach	futrzarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskościami	futrzarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskością	futrzarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskości	futrzarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskościom	futrzarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskość	futrzarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarskość	futrzarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwach	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwa	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwa	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwa	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwa	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwami	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwem	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstw	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwie	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwo	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwo	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwo	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwom	futrzarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarstwu	futrzarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzach	futrzarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzach	futrzarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarza	futrzarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarza	futrzarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarza	futrzarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarza	futrzarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzami	futrzarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzami	futrzarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarze	futrzarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarze	futrzarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarze	futrzarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarze	futrzarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarze	futrzarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarze	futrzarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarze	futrzarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarze	futrzarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzem	futrzarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzem	futrzarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarz	futrzarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarz	futrzarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzom	futrzarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzom	futrzarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzowi	futrzarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzowi	futrzarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzów	futrzarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzów	futrzarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzu	futrzarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzu	futrzarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzu	futrzarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzu	futrzarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
futrzarzy	futrzarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzarzy	futrzarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastościach	futrzastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastościami	futrzastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastością	futrzastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastości	futrzastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastościom	futrzastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastość	futrzastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzastość	futrzastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futrzasta	futrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futrzastą	futrzasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futrzastą	futrzasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futrzaste	futrzasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzaste	futrzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futrzaste	futrzasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzaste	futrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futrzastego	futrzasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futrzastego	futrzasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzastej	futrzasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futrzastej	futrzasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futrzastej	futrzasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futrzastemu	futrzasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzasto	futrzasty	adja		
futrzastych	futrzasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futrzastych	futrzasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzastych	futrzasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzasty	futrzasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futrzasty	futrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futrzastym	futrzasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzastym	futrzasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzastym	futrzasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futrzastymi	futrzasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futrzaści	futrzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futurach	futura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futura	futura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurami	futura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurą	futura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurę	futura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futur	futura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futuro	futura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurom	futura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futury	futura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futury	futura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futury	futura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futury	futura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurze	futura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurze	futura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurolodzy	futurolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurolodzy	futurolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologach	futurolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologa	futurolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologa	futurolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologami	futurolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurolog	futurolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiem	futurolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologi	futurolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futurologi	futurolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futurologom	futurolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologowie	futurolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologowie	futurolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologowi	futurolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologów	futurolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologów	futurolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologu	futurolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologu	futurolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiach	futurologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologia	futurologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiami	futurologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologią	futurologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologie	futurologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologie	futurologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologie	futurologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologię	futurologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologii	futurologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
futurologii	futurologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologii	futurologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologii	futurologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologij	futurologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
futurologio	futurologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiom	futurologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologicznościach	futurologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologicznościami	futurologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologicznością	futurologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczności	futurologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologicznościom	futurologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczność	futurologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczność	futurologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurologiczna	futurologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futurologiczną	futurologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futurologiczną	futurologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futurologiczne	futurologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futurologiczne	futurologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futurologiczne	futurologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futurologiczne	futurologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futurologicznego	futurologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futurologicznego	futurologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurologicznej	futurologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futurologicznej	futurologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futurologicznej	futurologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futurologicznemu	futurologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurologiczni	futurologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futurologiczno	futurologiczny	adja		
futurologicznych	futurologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futurologicznych	futurologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurologicznych	futurologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurologiczny	futurologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futurologiczny	futurologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futurologicznym	futurologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurologicznym	futurologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurologicznym	futurologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurologicznymi	futurologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurach	futurum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futura	futurum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futura	futurum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futura	futurum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurami	futurum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurom	futurum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurów	futurum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurum	futurum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
futurystach	futurysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurysta	futurysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystami	futurysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystą	futurysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystę	futurysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurysto	futurysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystom	futurysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystów	futurysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystów	futurysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurysty	futurysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futurysty	futurysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
futurysty	futurysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futuryście	futurysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futuryście	futurysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futuryści	futurysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futuryści	futurysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
futurystce	futurystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystce	futurystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystek	futurystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystkach	futurystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystka	futurystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystkami	futurystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystką	futurystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystkę	futurystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystki	futurystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystki	futurystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystki	futurystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystki	futurystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystko	futurystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystkom	futurystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystycznie	futurystycznie	adv:pos		
futurystycznościach	futurystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystycznościami	futurystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystycznością	futurystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczności	futurystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystycznościom	futurystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczność	futurystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczność	futurystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyczna	futurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
futurystyczną	futurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
futurystyczną	futurystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
futurystyczne	futurystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futurystyczne	futurystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
futurystyczne	futurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
futurystyczne	futurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
futurystycznego	futurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
futurystycznego	futurystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurystycznej	futurystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
futurystycznej	futurystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
futurystycznej	futurystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
futurystycznemu	futurystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurystyczni	futurystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
futurystyczno	futurystyczny	adja		
futurystycznych	futurystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
futurystycznych	futurystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurystycznych	futurystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurystyczny	futurystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
futurystyczny	futurystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
futurystycznym	futurystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurystycznym	futurystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurystycznym	futurystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
futurystycznymi	futurystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
futurystyce	futurystyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyce	futurystyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystykach	futurystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyka	futurystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystykami	futurystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyką	futurystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystykę	futurystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyk	futurystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyki	futurystyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyki	futurystyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyki	futurystyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyki	futurystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystyko	futurystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
futurystykom	futurystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmach	futuryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmami	futuryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmem	futuryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzm	futuryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzm	futuryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmie	futuryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmie	futuryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmom	futuryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmowi	futuryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmów	futuryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmu	futuryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmy	futuryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmy	futuryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
futuryzmy	futuryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozach	fuzarioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarioza	fuzarioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozami	fuzarioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozą	fuzarioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozę	fuzarioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarioz	fuzarioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozie	fuzarioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozie	fuzarioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozo	fuzarioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozom	fuzarioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozy	fuzarioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozy	fuzarioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozy	fuzarioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariozy	fuzarioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariach	fuzarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzaria	fuzarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzaria	fuzarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzaria	fuzarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariami	fuzarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariom	fuzarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzariów	fuzarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzarium	fuzarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzel	fuzel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzel	fuzel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlach	fuzel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzla	fuzel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlami	fuzel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzle	fuzel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzle	fuzel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzle	fuzel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlem	fuzel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzli	fuzel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlom	fuzel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowi	fuzel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlu	fuzel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlu	fuzel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlu	fuzel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjach	fuzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzja	fuzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjami	fuzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzją	fuzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzje	fuzja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzje	fuzja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzje	fuzja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzję	fuzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzji	fuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
fuzji	fuzja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzji	fuzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzji	fuzja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjo	fuzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjom	fuzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyj	fuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
fuzjonistach	fuzjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonista	fuzjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistami	fuzjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistą	fuzjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistę	fuzjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonisto	fuzjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistom	fuzjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistów	fuzjonista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonistów	fuzjonista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonisty	fuzjonista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonisty	fuzjonista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjonisty	fuzjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjoniście	fuzjonista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjoniście	fuzjonista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjoniści	fuzjonista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzjoniści	fuzjonista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowościach	fuzlowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowościami	fuzlowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowością	fuzlowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowości	fuzlowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowościom	fuzlowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowość	fuzlowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowość	fuzlowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzlowa	fuzlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fuzlową	fuzlowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fuzlową	fuzlowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fuzlowe	fuzlowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzlowe	fuzlowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzlowe	fuzlowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowe	fuzlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowego	fuzlowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fuzlowego	fuzlowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowej	fuzlowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fuzlowej	fuzlowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fuzlowej	fuzlowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fuzlowemu	fuzlowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowi	fuzlowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzlowo	fuzlowy	adja		
fuzlowych	fuzlowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzlowych	fuzlowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzlowych	fuzlowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzlowy	fuzlowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fuzlowy	fuzlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fuzlowym	fuzlowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzlowym	fuzlowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowym	fuzlowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzlowymi	fuzlowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinach	fuzulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulina	fuzulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinami	fuzulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzuliną	fuzulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinę	fuzulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulin	fuzulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinie	fuzulina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinie	fuzulina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulino	fuzulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinom	fuzulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzuliny	fuzulina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzuliny	fuzulina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzuliny	fuzulina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzuliny	fuzulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowościach	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowościami	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowością	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowości	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowościom	fuzulinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowość	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowość	fuzulinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzulinowa	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fuzulinową	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fuzulinową	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fuzulinowe	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinowe	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinowe	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowe	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowego	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fuzulinowego	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowej	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fuzulinowej	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fuzulinowej	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fuzulinowemu	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowi	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzulinowo	fuzulinowy	adja		
fuzulinowych	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzulinowych	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinowych	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinowy	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fuzulinowy	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fuzulinowym	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzulinowym	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowym	fuzulinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzulinowymi	fuzulinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjczynach	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyna	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczynami	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyną	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczynę	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyn	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczynie	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczynie	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyno	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczynom	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyny	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyny	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyny	fuzyjczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjczyny	fuzyjczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjce	fuzyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjce	fuzyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjek	fuzyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjkach	fuzyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjka	fuzyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjkami	fuzyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjką	fuzyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjkę	fuzyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjki	fuzyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjki	fuzyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjki	fuzyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjki	fuzyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjko	fuzyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjkom	fuzyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjnościach	fuzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjnościami	fuzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjnością	fuzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjności	fuzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjnościom	fuzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjność	fuzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjność	fuzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyjna	fuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fuzyjną	fuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fuzyjną	fuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fuzyjne	fuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjne	fuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjne	fuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjne	fuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjnego	fuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fuzyjnego	fuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjnej	fuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fuzyjnej	fuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fuzyjnej	fuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fuzyjnemu	fuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjni	fuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzyjno	fuzyjny	adja		
fuzyjnych	fuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzyjnych	fuzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjnych	fuzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjny	fuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fuzyjny	fuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fuzyjnym	fuzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzyjnym	fuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjnym	fuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzyjnymi	fuzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzynicie	fuzynit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynicie	fuzynit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitach	fuzynit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitami	fuzynit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitem	fuzynit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynit	fuzynit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynit	fuzynit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitom	fuzynit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitowi	fuzynit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitów	fuzynit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynitu	fuzynit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynity	fuzynit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynity	fuzynit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzynity	fuzynit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzycie	fuzyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzycie	fuzyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytach	fuzyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytami	fuzyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytem	fuzyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyt	fuzyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyt	fuzyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytom	fuzyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowi	fuzyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytów	fuzyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytu	fuzyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyty	fuzyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyty	fuzyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzyty	fuzyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowościach	fuzytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowościami	fuzytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowością	fuzytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowości	fuzytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowościom	fuzytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowość	fuzytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowość	fuzytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fuzytowa	fuzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
fuzytową	fuzytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
fuzytową	fuzytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
fuzytowe	fuzytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzytowe	fuzytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
fuzytowe	fuzytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowe	fuzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowego	fuzytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
fuzytowego	fuzytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowej	fuzytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
fuzytowej	fuzytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
fuzytowej	fuzytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
fuzytowemu	fuzytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowi	fuzytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzytowo	fuzytowy	adja		
fuzytowych	fuzytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
fuzytowych	fuzytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzytowych	fuzytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzytowy	fuzytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
fuzytowy	fuzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
fuzytowym	fuzytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fuzytowym	fuzytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowym	fuzytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
fuzytowymi	fuzytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
fyle	fyle	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
fyllicie	fyllit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllicie	fyllit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitach	fyllit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitami	fyllit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitem	fyllit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllit	fyllit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllit	fyllit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitom	fyllit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitowi	fyllit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitów	fyllit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllitu	fyllit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllity	fyllit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllity	fyllit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyllity	fyllit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrczałaby	fyrczeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fyrczałabym	fyrczeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fyrczałabyś	fyrczeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fyrczała	fyrczeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fyrczała	fyrczeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fyrczałam	fyrczeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fyrczałaś	fyrczeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fyrczałby	fyrczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fyrczałbym	fyrczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fyrczałbyś	fyrczeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fyrczałem	fyrczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fyrczałeś	fyrczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fyrczał	fyrczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fyrczał	fyrczeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fyrczałoby	fyrczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fyrczałobym	fyrczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fyrczałobyś	fyrczeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fyrczało	fyrczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fyrczało	fyrczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fyrczałom	fyrczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fyrczałoś	fyrczeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fyrczałyby	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fyrczałybyście	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fyrczałybyśmy	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fyrczały	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fyrczały	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fyrczałyście	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fyrczałyśmy	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fyrczano	fyrczeć	imps:imperf		
fyrcząca	fyrczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fyrczącą	fyrczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fyrczące	fyrczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrczące	fyrczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczącego	fyrczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fyrczącego	fyrczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczącej	fyrczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fyrczącemu	fyrczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrcząc	fyrczeć	pcon:imperf		
fyrcząco	fyrczeć	pacta		
fyrczących	fyrczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fyrczących	fyrczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrczący	fyrczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fyrczący	fyrczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fyrczący	fyrczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fyrczącym	fyrczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrczącym	fyrczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczącymi	fyrczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrczą	fyrczeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fyrczcie	fyrczeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fyrczeć	fyrczeć	inf:imperf		
fyrczeliby	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fyrczelibyście	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fyrczelibyśmy	fyrczeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fyrczeli	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fyrczeli	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fyrczeliście	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fyrczeliśmy	fyrczeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fyrczeniach	fyrczeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczenia	fyrczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczenia	fyrczeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczeniami	fyrczeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczenie	fyrczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczeniem	fyrczeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczeniom	fyrczeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczeniu	fyrczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczeń	fyrczeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrczę	fyrczeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fyrcz	fyrczeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fyrczmy	fyrczeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fyrczycie	fyrczeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fyrczy	fyrczeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fyrczymy	fyrczeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fyrczysz	fyrczeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fyrgolach	fyrgol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolami	fyrgol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgole	fyrgol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgole	fyrgol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgole	fyrgol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolem	fyrgol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgol	fyrgol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgol	fyrgol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgoli	fyrgol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolom	fyrgol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolowi	fyrgol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolów	fyrgol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolu	fyrgol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolu	fyrgol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrgolu	fyrgol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
fyrkacie	fyrkać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
fyrkać	fyrkać	inf:imperf		
fyrka	fyrkać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
fyrkająca	fyrkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
fyrkającą	fyrkać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
fyrkające	fyrkać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrkające	fyrkać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkającego	fyrkać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
fyrkającego	fyrkać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkającej	fyrkać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
fyrkającemu	fyrkać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkając	fyrkać	pcon:imperf		
fyrkająco	fyrkać	pacta		
fyrkających	fyrkać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fyrkających	fyrkać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrkający	fyrkać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
fyrkający	fyrkać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
fyrkający	fyrkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
fyrkającym	fyrkać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrkającym	fyrkać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkającymi	fyrkać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
fyrkają	fyrkać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
fyrkajcie	fyrkać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
fyrkaj	fyrkać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
fyrkajmy	fyrkać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
fyrkaliby	fyrkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fyrkalibyście	fyrkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fyrkalibyśmy	fyrkać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fyrkali	fyrkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
fyrkali	fyrkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
fyrkaliście	fyrkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
fyrkaliśmy	fyrkać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
fyrkałaby	fyrkać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fyrkałabym	fyrkać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fyrkałabyś	fyrkać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fyrkała	fyrkać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
fyrkała	fyrkać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
fyrkałam	fyrkać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
fyrkałaś	fyrkać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
fyrkałby	fyrkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fyrkałbym	fyrkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fyrkałbyś	fyrkać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fyrkałem	fyrkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
fyrkałeś	fyrkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
fyrkał	fyrkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
fyrkał	fyrkać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
fyrkałoby	fyrkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fyrkałobym	fyrkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fyrkałobyś	fyrkać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fyrkało	fyrkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
fyrkało	fyrkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
fyrkałom	fyrkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
fyrkałoś	fyrkać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
fyrkałyby	fyrkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fyrkałybyście	fyrkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fyrkałybyśmy	fyrkać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fyrkały	fyrkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
fyrkały	fyrkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
fyrkałyście	fyrkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
fyrkałyśmy	fyrkać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
fyrkam	fyrkać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
fyrkamy	fyrkać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
fyrkaniach	fyrkać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkania	fyrkać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkania	fyrkać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkaniami	fyrkać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkanie	fyrkać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkaniem	fyrkać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkaniom	fyrkać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkaniu	fyrkać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkano	fyrkać	imps:imperf		
fyrkań	fyrkać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
fyrkasz	fyrkać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
fyrknąć	fyrknąć	inf:perf		gwar.
fyrkną	fyrknąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknąłby	fyrknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknąłbym	fyrknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknąłbyś	fyrknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknąłem	fyrknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknąłeś	fyrknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknął	fyrknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		gwar.
fyrknął	fyrknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknąwszy	fyrknąć	pant:perf		gwar.
fyrknę	fyrknąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęliby	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęlibyście	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęlibyśmy	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęli	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		gwar.
fyrknęli	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęliście	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęliśmy	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłaby	fyrknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłabym	fyrknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłabyś	fyrknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęła	fyrknąć	praet:sg:f:perf		gwar.
fyrknęła	fyrknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłam	fyrknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłaś	fyrknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłoby	fyrknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłobym	fyrknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłobyś	fyrknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęło	fyrknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		gwar.
fyrknęło	fyrknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłom	fyrknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłoś	fyrknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłyby	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłybyście	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłybyśmy	fyrknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrknęły	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		gwar.
fyrknęły	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłyście	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknęłyśmy	fyrknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrkniecie	fyrknąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknie	fyrknąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		gwar.
fyrkniemy	fyrknąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
fyrkniesz	fyrknąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknięciach	fyrknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięcia	fyrknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięcia	fyrknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięciami	fyrknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięcie	fyrknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięciem	fyrknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięciom	fyrknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięciu	fyrknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięć	fyrknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
fyrknięto	fyrknąć	imps:perf		gwar.
fyrknijcie	fyrknąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknij	fyrknąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
fyrknijmy	fyrknąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
