iberoamerykańscy	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iberoamerykańska	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iberoamerykańską	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iberoamerykańską	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iberoamerykańskich	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iberoamerykańskich	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskich	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskiego	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iberoamerykańskiego	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskie	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskie	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskie	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iberoamerykańskie	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iberoamerykańskiej	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iberoamerykańskiej	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iberoamerykańskiej	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iberoamerykańskiemu	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberoamerykański	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iberoamerykański	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iberoamerykańskim	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskim	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskim	iberoamerykański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberoamerykańskimi	iberoamerykański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberoamerykańsko	iberoamerykański	adja		
iberoamerykańsku	iberoamerykański	adjp		
iberoamerykańsko	iberoamerykańsko	adv:pos		
iberoamerykańskościach	iberoamerykańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskościami	iberoamerykańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskością	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskości	iberoamerykańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskości	iberoamerykańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskości	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskości	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskości	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskościom	iberoamerykańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskość	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberoamerykańskość	iberoamerykańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjscy	iberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iberyjska	iberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iberyjską	iberyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iberyjską	iberyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iberyjskich	iberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iberyjskich	iberyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjskich	iberyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjskiego	iberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iberyjskiego	iberyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberyjskie	iberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjskie	iberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjskie	iberyjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iberyjskie	iberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iberyjskiej	iberyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iberyjskiej	iberyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iberyjskiej	iberyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iberyjskiemu	iberyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberyjski	iberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iberyjski	iberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iberyjskim	iberyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjskim	iberyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberyjskim	iberyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberyjskimi	iberyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberyjsko	iberyjski	adja		
iberyjsku	iberyjski	adjp		
iberyjsko	iberyjsko	adv:pos		
iberyjskościach	iberyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskościami	iberyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskością	iberyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskości	iberyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskości	iberyjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskości	iberyjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskości	iberyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskości	iberyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskościom	iberyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskość	iberyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberyjskość	iberyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystach	iberysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberysta	iberysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystami	iberysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystą	iberysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystę	iberysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberysto	iberysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystom	iberysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystów	iberysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberysty	iberysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iberysty	iberysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberyście	iberysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberyści	iberysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iberystce	iberystka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystek	iberystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystkach	iberystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystka	iberystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystkami	iberystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystką	iberystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystkę	iberystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystki	iberystka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystki	iberystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystko	iberystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystkom	iberystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystycznościach	iberystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystycznościami	iberystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystycznością	iberystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczności	iberystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczności	iberystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczności	iberystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczności	iberystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczności	iberystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystycznościom	iberystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczność	iberystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczność	iberystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyczna	iberystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iberystyczną	iberystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iberystyczną	iberystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iberystycznego	iberystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iberystycznego	iberystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberystyczne	iberystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystyczne	iberystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystyczne	iberystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iberystyczne	iberystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iberystycznej	iberystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iberystycznej	iberystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iberystycznej	iberystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iberystycznemu	iberystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberystyczni	iberystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iberystyczno	iberystyczny	adja		
iberystycznych	iberystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iberystycznych	iberystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystycznych	iberystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystyczny	iberystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iberystyczny	iberystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iberystycznym	iberystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystycznym	iberystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberystycznym	iberystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iberystycznymi	iberystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iberystyce	iberystyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystykach	iberystyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyka	iberystyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystykami	iberystyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyką	iberystyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystykę	iberystyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyk	iberystyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyki	iberystyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyki	iberystyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystyko	iberystyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iberystykom	iberystyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ib	ibidem	brev:pun		
ibid	ibidem	brev:pun		
ibisach	ibis	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisa	ibis	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisami	ibis	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisem	ibis	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibis	ibis	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisie	ibis	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisie	ibis	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisom	ibis	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowi	ibis	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisów	ibis	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisy	ibis	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowate	ibisowate	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatych	ibisowate	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatych	ibisowate	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatym	ibisowate	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatymi	ibisowate	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatościach	ibisowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatościami	ibisowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatością	ibisowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatości	ibisowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatości	ibisowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatości	ibisowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatości	ibisowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatości	ibisowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatościom	ibisowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatość	ibisowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowatość	ibisowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibisowaci	ibisowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ibisowata	ibisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ibisowatą	ibisowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ibisowatą	ibisowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ibisowatego	ibisowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ibisowatego	ibisowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibisowate	ibisowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibisowate	ibisowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibisowate	ibisowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ibisowate	ibisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ibisowatej	ibisowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ibisowatej	ibisowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ibisowatej	ibisowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ibisowatemu	ibisowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibisowato	ibisowaty	adja		
ibisowatych	ibisowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ibisowatych	ibisowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibisowatych	ibisowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibisowaty	ibisowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ibisowaty	ibisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ibisowatym	ibisowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibisowatym	ibisowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibisowatym	ibisowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibisowatymi	ibisowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibiszek	ibiszek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszkach	ibiszek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszka	ibiszek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszkami	ibiszek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszkiem	ibiszek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszki	ibiszek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszkom	ibiszek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszkowi	ibiszek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszków	ibiszek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszku	ibiszek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibiszku	ibiszek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibizach	ibiza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibiza	ibiza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizami	ibiza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizą	ibiza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizę	ibiza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibiz	ibiza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizie	ibiza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizo	ibiza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizom	ibiza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizy	ibiza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibizy	ibiza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblisach	iblis	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisa	iblis	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisami	iblis	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisem	iblis	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblis	iblis	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisie	iblis	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisie	iblis	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisom	iblis	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisowi	iblis	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisów	iblis	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblisy	iblis	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcach	iblowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowca	iblowiec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcami	iblowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowce	iblowiec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcem	iblowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcom	iblowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcowi	iblowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowców	iblowiec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcu	iblowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcu	iblowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcy	iblowiec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowcze	iblowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowiec	iblowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iblowscy	iblowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iblowska	iblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iblowską	iblowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iblowską	iblowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iblowskich	iblowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iblowskich	iblowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowskich	iblowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowskiego	iblowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iblowskiego	iblowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iblowskie	iblowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowskie	iblowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowskie	iblowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iblowskie	iblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iblowskiej	iblowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iblowskiej	iblowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iblowskiej	iblowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iblowskiemu	iblowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iblowski	iblowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iblowski	iblowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iblowskim	iblowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowskim	iblowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iblowskim	iblowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iblowskimi	iblowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iblowsko	iblowski	adja		
iblowsku	iblowski	adjp		
iblowsko	iblowsko	adv:pos		
iblowskościach	iblowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskościami	iblowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskością	iblowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskości	iblowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskości	iblowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskości	iblowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskości	iblowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskości	iblowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskościom	iblowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskość	iblowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iblowskość	iblowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibn	ibn	burk		
ibsenizmach	ibsenizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmami	ibsenizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmem	ibsenizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizm	ibsenizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmie	ibsenizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmie	ibsenizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmom	ibsenizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmowi	ibsenizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmów	ibsenizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmu	ibsenizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenizmy	ibsenizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowscy	ibsenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ibsenowska	ibsenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ibsenowską	ibsenowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ibsenowską	ibsenowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ibsenowskich	ibsenowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ibsenowskich	ibsenowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowskich	ibsenowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowskiego	ibsenowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ibsenowskiego	ibsenowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibsenowskie	ibsenowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowskie	ibsenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowskie	ibsenowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ibsenowskie	ibsenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ibsenowskiej	ibsenowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ibsenowskiej	ibsenowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ibsenowskiej	ibsenowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ibsenowskiemu	ibsenowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibsenowski	ibsenowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ibsenowski	ibsenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ibsenowskim	ibsenowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowskim	ibsenowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibsenowskim	ibsenowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ibsenowskimi	ibsenowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ibsenowsko	ibsenowski	adja		
ibsenowsku	ibsenowski	adjp		
ibsenowsko	ibsenowsko	adv:pos		
ibsenowskościach	ibsenowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskościami	ibsenowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskością	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskości	ibsenowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskości	ibsenowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskości	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskości	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskości	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskościom	ibsenowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskość	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibsenowskość	ibsenowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ibukach	ibuk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuka	ibuk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibukami	ibuk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuk	ibuk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibukiem	ibuk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuki	ibuk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibukom	ibuk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibukowi	ibuk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuków	ibuk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuku	ibuk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ibuku	ibuk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichmościach	ichmoście	subst:pl:loc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościami	ichmoście	subst:pl:inst:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmoście	ichmoście	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmości	ichmoście	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościom	ichmoście	subst:pl:dat:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościów	ichmoście	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościach	ichmościowie	subst:pl:loc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościami	ichmościowie	subst:pl:inst:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościom	ichmościowie	subst:pl:dat:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościowie	ichmościowie	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmościów	ichmościowie	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichmość	ichmość:b	burk		
ichmość	ichmość:s	subst:pl:nom:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ichneumonach	ichneumon	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumona	ichneumon	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonami	ichneumon	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonem	ichneumon	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumon	ichneumon	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonie	ichneumon	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonie	ichneumon	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonom	ichneumon	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonowi	ichneumon	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumonów	ichneumon	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichneumony	ichneumon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichnia	ichni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		gwar.
ichnią	ichni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		gwar.
ichnią	ichni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		gwar.
ichnich	ichni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		gwar.
ichnich	ichni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichnich	ichni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniego	ichni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		gwar.
ichniego	ichni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichnie	ichni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichnie	ichni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichnie	ichni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		gwar.
ichnie	ichni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		gwar.
ichniej	ichni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		gwar.
ichniej	ichni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		gwar.
ichniej	ichni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		gwar.
ichniemu	ichni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichni	ichni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		gwar.
ichni	ichni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		gwar.
ichni	ichni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		gwar.
ichnim	ichni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichnim	ichni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichnim	ichni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichnimi	ichni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichnio	ichni	adja		gwar.
ichniejszościach	ichniejszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszościami	ichniejszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszością	ichniejszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszości	ichniejszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszości	ichniejszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszości	ichniejszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszości	ichniejszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszości	ichniejszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszościom	ichniejszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszość	ichniejszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejszość	ichniejszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniejsi	ichniejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		gwar.
ichniejsza	ichniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszą	ichniejszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszą	ichniejszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszego	ichniejszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		gwar.
ichniejszego	ichniejszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejsze	ichniejszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejsze	ichniejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejsze	ichniejszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		gwar.
ichniejsze	ichniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszej	ichniejszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszej	ichniejszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszej	ichniejszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		gwar.
ichniejszemu	ichniejszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszo	ichniejszy	adja		gwar.
ichniejszych	ichniejszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		gwar.
ichniejszych	ichniejszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszych	ichniejszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszy	ichniejszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		gwar.
ichniejszy	ichniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		gwar.
ichniejszym	ichniejszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszym	ichniejszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszym	ichniejszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		gwar.
ichniejszymi	ichniejszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		gwar.
ichniościach	ichniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniościami	ichniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniością	ichniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniości	ichniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniości	ichniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniości	ichniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniości	ichniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniości	ichniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniościom	ichniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniość	ichniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichniość	ichniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ichnologiach	ichnologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologia	ichnologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologiami	ichnologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologią	ichnologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologie	ichnologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologię	ichnologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologii	ichnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ichnologii	ichnologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologii	ichnologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologij	ichnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ichnologio	ichnologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichnologiom	ichnologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologiach	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologia	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologiami	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologią	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologie	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologię	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologii	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ichtiobiologii	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologii	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologij	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ichtiobiologio	ichtiobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiobiologiom	ichtiobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofadzy	ichtiofag	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagach	ichtiofag	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaga	ichtiofag	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagami	ichtiofag	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofag	ichtiofag	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagiem	ichtiofag	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagi	ichtiofag	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagom	ichtiofag	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagowie	ichtiofag	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagowi	ichtiofag	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagów	ichtiofag	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagu	ichtiofag	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofagu	ichtiofag	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaunach	ichtiofauna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofauna	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaunami	ichtiofauna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofauną	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaunę	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaun	ichtiofauna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaunie	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofauno	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofaunom	ichtiofauna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofauny	ichtiofauna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiofauny	ichtiofauna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolach	ichtiol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolami	ichtiol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiole	ichtiol	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolem	ichtiol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiol	ichtiol	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioli	ichtiol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolom	ichtiol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowi	ichtiol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolów	ichtiol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolu	ichtiol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolu	ichtiol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolu	ichtiol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolodzy	ichtiolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologach	ichtiolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologa	ichtiolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologami	ichtiolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolog	ichtiolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiem	ichtiolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologi	ichtiolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologom	ichtiolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologowie	ichtiolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologowi	ichtiolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologów	ichtiolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologu	ichtiolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologu	ichtiolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiach	ichtiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologia	ichtiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiami	ichtiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologią	ichtiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologie	ichtiologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologię	ichtiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologii	ichtiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ichtiologii	ichtiologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologii	ichtiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologij	ichtiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ichtiologio	ichtiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiom	ichtiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologicznościach	ichtiologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologicznościami	ichtiologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologicznością	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczności	ichtiologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczności	ichtiologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczności	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczności	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczności	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologicznościom	ichtiologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczność	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczność	ichtiologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiologiczna	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ichtiologiczną	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ichtiologiczną	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ichtiologicznego	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ichtiologicznego	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiologiczne	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiologiczne	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiologiczne	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ichtiologiczne	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ichtiologicznej	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ichtiologicznej	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ichtiologicznej	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ichtiologicznemu	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiologiczni	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ichtiologiczno	ichtiologiczny	adja		
ichtiologicznych	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ichtiologicznych	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiologicznych	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiologiczny	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ichtiologiczny	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ichtiologicznym	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiologicznym	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiologicznym	ichtiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiologicznymi	ichtiologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowościach	ichtiolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowościami	ichtiolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowością	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowości	ichtiolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowości	ichtiolowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowości	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowości	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowości	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowościom	ichtiolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowość	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowość	ichtiolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiolowa	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ichtiolową	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ichtiolową	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ichtiolowego	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ichtiolowego	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiolowe	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowe	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowe	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ichtiolowe	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ichtiolowej	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ichtiolowej	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ichtiolowej	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ichtiolowemu	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiolowi	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ichtiolowo	ichtiolowy	adja		
ichtiolowych	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ichtiolowych	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowych	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowy	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ichtiolowy	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ichtiolowym	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtiolowym	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiolowym	ichtiolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ichtiolowymi	ichtiolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ichtioskopach	ichtioskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopami	ichtioskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopem	ichtioskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskop	ichtioskop	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopie	ichtioskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopie	ichtioskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopom	ichtioskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopowi	ichtioskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopów	ichtioskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopu	ichtioskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioskopy	ichtioskop	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostedze	ichtiostega	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegach	ichtiostega	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostega	ichtiostega	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegami	ichtiostega	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegą	ichtiostega	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegę	ichtiostega	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiosteg	ichtiostega	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegi	ichtiostega	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegi	ichtiostega	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostego	ichtiostega	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiostegom	ichtiostega	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksynach	ichtiotoksyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyna	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksynami	ichtiotoksyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyną	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksynę	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyn	ichtiotoksyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksynie	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyno	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksynom	ichtiotoksyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyny	ichtiotoksyna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiotoksyny	ichtiotoksyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozach	ichtioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioza	ichtioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozami	ichtioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozą	ichtioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozę	ichtioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtioz	ichtioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozie	ichtioza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozo	ichtioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozom	ichtioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozy	ichtioza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozy	ichtioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurach	ichtiozaur	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaura	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurami	ichtiozaur	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurem	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaur	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurom	ichtiozaur	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurowi	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurów	ichtiozaur	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaury	ichtiozaur	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurze	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ichtiozaurze	ichtiozaur	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idach	id	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idami	id	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idem	id	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
id	id	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
id	id	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idom	id	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idowi	id	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idów	id	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idu	id	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idy	id	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idzie	id	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idzie	id	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idaredach	idared	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idareda	idared	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredami	idared	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredem	idared	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idared	idared	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredom	idared	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredowi	idared	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredów	idared	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredy	idared	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredzie	idared	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idaredzie	idared	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideach	idea	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idea	idea	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideami	idea	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideą	idea	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idee	idea	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideę	idea	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idei	idea	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idei	idea	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idei	idea	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idej	idea	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ideo	idea	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideom	idea	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacjach	ideacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacja	ideacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacjami	ideacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacją	ideacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacje	ideacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideację	ideacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacji	ideacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ideacji	ideacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacji	ideacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacjo	ideacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacjom	ideacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideacyj	ideacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idealikach	idealik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealikami	idealik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealik	idealik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealikiem	idealik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealiki	idealik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealikom	idealik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealikowi	idealik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealików	idealik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealiku	idealik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealiku	idealik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealiku	idealik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealistach	idealista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealista	idealista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistami	idealista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistą	idealista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistę	idealista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealisto	idealista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistom	idealista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistów	idealista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealisty	idealista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idealisty	idealista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealiście	idealista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealiści	idealista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idealistce	idealistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistek	idealistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistkach	idealistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistka	idealistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistkami	idealistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistką	idealistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistkę	idealistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistki	idealistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistki	idealistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistko	idealistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistkom	idealistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistycznie	idealistycznie	adv:pos		
idealistycznościach	idealistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistycznościami	idealistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistycznością	idealistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczności	idealistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczności	idealistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczności	idealistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczności	idealistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczności	idealistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistycznościom	idealistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczność	idealistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczność	idealistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealistyczna	idealistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idealistyczną	idealistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idealistyczną	idealistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idealistycznego	idealistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idealistycznego	idealistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealistyczne	idealistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealistyczne	idealistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealistyczne	idealistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idealistyczne	idealistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idealistycznej	idealistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idealistycznej	idealistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idealistycznej	idealistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idealistycznemu	idealistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealistyczni	idealistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idealistyczno	idealistyczny	adja		
idealistycznych	idealistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idealistycznych	idealistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealistycznych	idealistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealistyczny	idealistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idealistyczny	idealistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idealistycznym	idealistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealistycznym	idealistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealistycznym	idealistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealistycznymi	idealistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacjach	idealizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacja	idealizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacjami	idealizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacją	idealizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacje	idealizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizację	idealizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacji	idealizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idealizacji	idealizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacji	idealizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacjo	idealizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacjom	idealizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyj	idealizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idealizacyjnościach	idealizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjnościami	idealizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjnością	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjności	idealizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjności	idealizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjności	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjności	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjności	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjnościom	idealizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjność	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjność	idealizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealizacyjna	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idealizacyjną	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idealizacyjną	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idealizacyjnego	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idealizacyjnego	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealizacyjne	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacyjne	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacyjne	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idealizacyjne	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idealizacyjnej	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idealizacyjnej	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idealizacyjnej	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idealizacyjnemu	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealizacyjni	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idealizacyjno	idealizacyjny	adja		
idealizacyjnych	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idealizacyjnych	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacyjnych	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacyjny	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idealizacyjny	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idealizacyjnym	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizacyjnym	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealizacyjnym	idealizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealizacyjnymi	idealizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealizmach	idealizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmami	idealizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmem	idealizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizm	idealizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmie	idealizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmie	idealizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmom	idealizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmowi	idealizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmów	idealizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmu	idealizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizmy	idealizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idealizować	idealizować	inf:imperf		
idealizowaliby	idealizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
idealizowalibyście	idealizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
idealizowalibyśmy	idealizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
idealizowali	idealizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
idealizowali	idealizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
idealizowaliście	idealizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
idealizowaliśmy	idealizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
idealizowałaby	idealizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
idealizowałabym	idealizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
idealizowałabyś	idealizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
idealizowała	idealizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
idealizowała	idealizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
idealizowałam	idealizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
idealizowałaś	idealizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
idealizowałby	idealizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
idealizowałbym	idealizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
idealizowałbyś	idealizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
idealizowałem	idealizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
idealizowałeś	idealizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
idealizował	idealizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
idealizował	idealizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
idealizowałoby	idealizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
idealizowałobym	idealizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
idealizowałobyś	idealizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
idealizowało	idealizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
idealizowało	idealizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
idealizowałom	idealizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
idealizowałoś	idealizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
idealizowałyby	idealizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
idealizowałybyście	idealizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
idealizowałybyśmy	idealizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
idealizowały	idealizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
idealizowały	idealizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
idealizowałyście	idealizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
idealizowałyśmy	idealizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
idealizowana	idealizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idealizowaną	idealizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idealizowanego	idealizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idealizowanego	idealizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowane	idealizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowane	idealizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowanej	idealizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idealizowanemu	idealizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowaniach	idealizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowania	idealizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowania	idealizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowaniami	idealizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowanie	idealizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowaniem	idealizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowani	idealizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idealizowaniom	idealizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowaniu	idealizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizowano	idealizować	imps:imperf		
idealizowanych	idealizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idealizowanych	idealizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowany	idealizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idealizowany	idealizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idealizowanym	idealizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowanym	idealizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowanymi	idealizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizowań	idealizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idealizująca	idealizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idealizującą	idealizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idealizującego	idealizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idealizującego	idealizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizujące	idealizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizujące	idealizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idealizującej	idealizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idealizującemu	idealizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizując	idealizować	pcon:imperf		
idealizująco	idealizować	pacta		
idealizujących	idealizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idealizujących	idealizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizujący	idealizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idealizujący	idealizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idealizujący	idealizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idealizującym	idealizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizującym	idealizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idealizującymi	idealizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idealizują	idealizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
idealizujcie	idealizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
idealizujecie	idealizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
idealizuje	idealizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
idealizujemy	idealizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
idealizujesz	idealizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
idealizuję	idealizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
idealizuj	idealizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
idealizujmy	idealizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
idealnie	idealnie	adv:pos		
idealniej	idealnie	adv:com		
idealnościach	idealność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealnościami	idealność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealnością	idealność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealności	idealność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealności	idealność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealności	idealność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealności	idealność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealności	idealność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealnościom	idealność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealność	idealność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealność	idealność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idealna	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idealną	idealny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idealną	idealny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idealnego	idealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idealnego	idealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealne	idealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealne	idealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealne	idealny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idealne	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idealnej	idealny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idealnej	idealny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idealnej	idealny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idealnemu	idealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealniejsi	idealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
idealniejsza	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
idealniejszą	idealny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
idealniejszą	idealny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
idealniejszego	idealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
idealniejszego	idealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idealniejsze	idealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealniejsze	idealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealniejsze	idealny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
idealniejsze	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
idealniejszej	idealny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
idealniejszej	idealny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
idealniejszej	idealny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
idealniejszemu	idealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idealniejszych	idealny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
idealniejszych	idealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealniejszych	idealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealniejszy	idealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
idealniejszy	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
idealniejszym	idealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealniejszym	idealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idealniejszym	idealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idealniejszymi	idealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idealni	idealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idealno	idealny	adja		
idealnych	idealny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idealnych	idealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealnych	idealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealny	idealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idealny	idealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idealnym	idealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idealnym	idealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealnym	idealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idealnymi	idealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideale	ideał:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideale	ideał:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałach	ideał:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałami	ideał:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałem	ideał:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideał	ideał:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałom	ideał:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałowi	ideał:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideałów	ideał:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideału	ideał:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideały	ideał:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideale	ideał:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideale	ideał:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideale	ideał:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideale	ideał:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałach	ideał:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałach	ideał:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideała	ideał:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideała	ideał:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałami	ideał:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałami	ideał:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałem	ideał:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałem	ideał:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideał	ideał:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideał	ideał:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałom	ideał:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałom	ideał:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałowie	ideał:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałowi	ideał:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałowi	ideał:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideałów	ideał:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideałów	ideał:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideały	ideał:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideały	ideał:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idejce	idejka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejek	idejka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejkach	idejka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejka	idejka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejkami	idejka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejką	idejka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejkę	idejka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejki	idejka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejki	idejka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejko	idejka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idejkom	idejka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identycznie	identycznie	adv:pos		
identycznościach	identyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identycznościami	identyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identycznością	identyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczności	identyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczności	identyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczności	identyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczności	identyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczności	identyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identycznościom	identyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczność	identyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczność	identyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyczna	identyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
identyczną	identyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
identyczną	identyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
identycznego	identyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
identycznego	identyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyczne	identyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyczne	identyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyczne	identyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
identyczne	identyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
identycznej	identyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
identycznej	identyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
identycznej	identyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
identycznemu	identyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyczni	identyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
identyczno	identyczny	adja		
identycznych	identyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
identycznych	identyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identycznych	identyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyczny	identyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
identyczny	identyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
identycznym	identyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identycznym	identyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identycznym	identyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identycznymi	identyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacjach	identyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacja	identyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacjami	identyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacją	identyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacje	identyfikacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikację	identyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacji	identyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
identyfikacji	identyfikacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacji	identyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacjo	identyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacjom	identyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyj	identyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
identyfikacyjnościach	identyfikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjnościami	identyfikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjnością	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjności	identyfikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjności	identyfikacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjności	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjności	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjności	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjnościom	identyfikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjność	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjność	identyfikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikacyjna	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
identyfikacyjną	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
identyfikacyjną	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
identyfikacyjnego	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
identyfikacyjnego	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikacyjne	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacyjne	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacyjne	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
identyfikacyjne	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
identyfikacyjnej	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
identyfikacyjnej	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
identyfikacyjnej	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
identyfikacyjnemu	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikacyjni	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
identyfikacyjno	identyfikacyjny	adja		
identyfikacyjnych	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
identyfikacyjnych	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacyjnych	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacyjny	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
identyfikacyjny	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
identyfikacyjnym	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikacyjnym	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikacyjnym	identyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikacyjnymi	identyfikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikatorach	identyfikator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatora	identyfikator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorami	identyfikator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorem	identyfikator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikator	identyfikator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorom	identyfikator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorowi	identyfikator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorów	identyfikator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatory	identyfikator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorze	identyfikator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikatorze	identyfikator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikować	identyfikować:v1	inf:imperf		
identyfikowaliby	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
identyfikowalibyście	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
identyfikowalibyśmy	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
identyfikowali	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
identyfikowali	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
identyfikowaliście	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
identyfikowaliśmy	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałaby	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałabym	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałabyś	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
identyfikowała	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
identyfikowała	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałam	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałaś	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałby	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałbym	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałbyś	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałem	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałeś	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
identyfikował	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
identyfikował	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałoby	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałobym	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałobyś	identyfikować:v1	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowało	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:n:imperf		
identyfikowało	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałom	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałoś	identyfikować:v1	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałyby	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałybyście	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałybyśmy	identyfikować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowały	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
identyfikowały	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałyście	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałyśmy	identyfikować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowana	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaną	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanego	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanego	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowane	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowane	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanej	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanemu	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniach	identyfikować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowania	identyfikować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowania	identyfikować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniami	identyfikować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanie	identyfikować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniem	identyfikować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowani	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniom	identyfikować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniu	identyfikować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowano	identyfikować:v1	imps:imperf		
identyfikowanych	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanych	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowany	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikowany	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanym	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanym	identyfikować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanymi	identyfikować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowań	identyfikować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikująca	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującą	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującego	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
identyfikującego	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujące	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujące	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującej	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującemu	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikując	identyfikować:v1	pcon:imperf		
identyfikująco	identyfikować:v1	pacta		
identyfikujących	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikujących	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikującym	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującym	identyfikować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującymi	identyfikować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikują	identyfikować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
identyfikujcie	identyfikować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
identyfikujecie	identyfikować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
identyfikuje	identyfikować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
identyfikujemy	identyfikować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
identyfikujesz	identyfikować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
identyfikuję	identyfikować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
identyfikuj	identyfikować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
identyfikujmy	identyfikować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
identyfikować	identyfikować:v2	inf:imperf		
identyfikowaliby	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
identyfikowalibyście	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
identyfikowalibyśmy	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
identyfikowali	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
identyfikowali	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
identyfikowaliście	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
identyfikowaliśmy	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałaby	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałabym	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałabyś	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
identyfikowała	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
identyfikowała	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałam	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałaś	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałby	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałbym	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałbyś	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałem	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałeś	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
identyfikował	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
identyfikował	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałoby	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałobym	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałobyś	identyfikować:v2	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowało	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:n:imperf		
identyfikowało	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałom	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowałoś	identyfikować:v2	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałyby	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałybyście	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałybyśmy	identyfikować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowały	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
identyfikowały	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
identyfikowałyście	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
identyfikowałyśmy	identyfikować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
identyfikowana	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaną	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanego	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanego	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowane	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowane	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanej	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanemu	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniach	identyfikować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowania	identyfikować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowania	identyfikować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniami	identyfikować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanie	identyfikować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniem	identyfikować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowani	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniom	identyfikować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowaniu	identyfikować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowano	identyfikować:v2	imps:imperf		
identyfikowanych	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanych	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowany	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikowany	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanym	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanym	identyfikować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowanymi	identyfikować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikowań	identyfikować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikująca	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującą	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującego	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
identyfikującego	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujące	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujące	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującej	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
identyfikującemu	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikując	identyfikować:v2	pcon:imperf		
identyfikująco	identyfikować:v2	pacta		
identyfikujących	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikujących	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikujący	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
identyfikującym	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującym	identyfikować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikującymi	identyfikować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
identyfikują	identyfikować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
identyfikujcie	identyfikować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
identyfikujecie	identyfikować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
identyfikuje	identyfikować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
identyfikujemy	identyfikować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
identyfikujesz	identyfikować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
identyfikuję	identyfikować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
identyfikuj	identyfikować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
identyfikujmy	identyfikować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
identyfikowalnościach	identyfikowalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalnościami	identyfikowalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalnością	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalności	identyfikowalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalności	identyfikowalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalności	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalności	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalności	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalnościom	identyfikowalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalność	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalność	identyfikowalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
identyfikowalna	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
identyfikowalną	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
identyfikowalną	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
identyfikowalnego	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
identyfikowalnego	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikowalne	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikowalne	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikowalne	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
identyfikowalne	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
identyfikowalnej	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
identyfikowalnej	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
identyfikowalnej	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
identyfikowalnemu	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikowalni	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
identyfikowalno	identyfikowalny	adja		
identyfikowalnych	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
identyfikowalnych	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikowalnych	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikowalny	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
identyfikowalny	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
identyfikowalnym	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identyfikowalnym	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikowalnym	identyfikowalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identyfikowalnymi	identyfikowalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystach	identytarysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarysta	identytarysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystami	identytarysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystą	identytarysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystę	identytarysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarysto	identytarysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystom	identytarysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystów	identytarysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarysty	identytarysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
identytarysty	identytarysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryście	identytarysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryści	identytarysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystycznie	identytarystycznie	adv:pos		
identytarystycznościach	identytarystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystycznościami	identytarystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystycznością	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczności	identytarystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczności	identytarystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczności	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczności	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczności	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystycznościom	identytarystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczność	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczność	identytarystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
identytarystyczna	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
identytarystyczną	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
identytarystyczną	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
identytarystycznego	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
identytarystycznego	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identytarystyczne	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystyczne	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystyczne	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
identytarystyczne	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
identytarystycznej	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
identytarystycznej	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
identytarystycznej	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
identytarystycznemu	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identytarystyczni	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
identytarystyczno	identytarystyczny	adja		
identytarystycznych	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
identytarystycznych	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystycznych	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystyczny	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
identytarystyczny	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
identytarystycznym	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytarystycznym	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identytarystycznym	identytarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
identytarystycznymi	identytarystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
identytaryzmach	identytaryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmami	identytaryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmem	identytaryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzm	identytaryzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmie	identytaryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmie	identytaryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmom	identytaryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmowi	identytaryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmów	identytaryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmu	identytaryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
identytaryzmy	identytaryzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamicznościach	ideodynamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamicznościami	ideodynamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamicznością	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczności	ideodynamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczności	ideodynamiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczności	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczności	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczności	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamicznościom	ideodynamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczność	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczność	ideodynamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideodynamiczna	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideodynamiczną	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideodynamiczną	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideodynamicznego	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideodynamicznego	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideodynamiczne	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideodynamiczne	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideodynamiczne	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideodynamiczne	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideodynamicznej	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideodynamicznej	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideodynamicznej	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideodynamicznemu	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideodynamiczni	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideodynamiczno	ideodynamiczny	adja		
ideodynamicznych	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideodynamicznych	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideodynamicznych	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideodynamiczny	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideodynamiczny	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideodynamicznym	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideodynamicznym	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideodynamicznym	ideodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideodynamicznymi	ideodynamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideografiach	ideografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografia	ideografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografiami	ideografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografią	ideografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografie	ideografia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografię	ideografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografii	ideografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ideografii	ideografia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografii	ideografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografij	ideografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ideografio	ideografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideografiom	ideografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficznościach	ideograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficznościami	ideograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficznością	ideograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzności	ideograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzności	ideograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzności	ideograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzności	ideograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzności	ideograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficznościom	ideograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzność	ideograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzność	ideograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideograficzna	ideograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideograficzną	ideograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideograficzną	ideograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideograficznego	ideograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideograficznego	ideograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideograficzne	ideograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideograficzne	ideograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideograficzne	ideograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideograficzne	ideograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideograficznej	ideograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideograficznej	ideograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideograficznej	ideograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideograficznemu	ideograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideograficzni	ideograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideograficzno	ideograficzny	adja		
ideograficznych	ideograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideograficznych	ideograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideograficznych	ideograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideograficzny	ideograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideograficzny	ideograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideograficznym	ideograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideograficznym	ideograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideograficznym	ideograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideograficznymi	ideograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideogramach	ideogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramami	ideogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramem	ideogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogram	ideogram	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramie	ideogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramie	ideogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramom	ideogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramowi	ideogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramów	ideogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramu	ideogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideogramy	ideogram	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracjach	ideokracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracja	ideokracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracjami	ideokracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracją	ideokracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracje	ideokracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokrację	ideokracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracji	ideokracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ideokracji	ideokracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracji	ideokracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracjo	ideokracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracjom	ideokracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideokracyj	ideokracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ideolo	ideolo	adja		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
ideolo	ideolo	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		rzad.
ideolodzy	ideolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologach	ideolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologa	ideolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologami	ideolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideolog	ideolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiem	ideolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologi	ideolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideologom	ideolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologowie	ideolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologowi	ideolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologów	ideolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologu	ideolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologu	ideolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiach	ideologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologia	ideologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiami	ideologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologią	ideologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologie	ideologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologię	ideologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologii	ideologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ideologii	ideologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologii	ideologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologij	ideologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ideologio	ideologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiom	ideologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologicznie	ideologicznie	adv:pos		
ideologicznościach	ideologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologicznościami	ideologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologicznością	ideologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczności	ideologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczności	ideologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczności	ideologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczności	ideologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczności	ideologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologicznościom	ideologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczność	ideologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczność	ideologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologiczna	ideologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideologiczną	ideologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideologiczną	ideologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideologicznego	ideologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideologicznego	ideologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideologiczne	ideologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologiczne	ideologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologiczne	ideologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideologiczne	ideologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideologicznej	ideologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideologicznej	ideologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideologicznej	ideologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideologicznemu	ideologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideologiczni	ideologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideologiczno	ideologiczny	adja		
ideologicznych	ideologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideologicznych	ideologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologicznych	ideologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologiczny	ideologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideologiczny	ideologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideologicznym	ideologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologicznym	ideologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideologicznym	ideologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideologicznymi	ideologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideologizacjach	ideologizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacja	ideologizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacjami	ideologizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacją	ideologizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacje	ideologizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizację	ideologizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacji	ideologizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ideologizacji	ideologizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacji	ideologizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacjo	ideologizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacjom	ideologizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideologizacyj	ideologizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ideologizować	ideologizować	inf:imperf		
ideologizowaliby	ideologizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ideologizowalibyście	ideologizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ideologizowalibyśmy	ideologizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ideologizowali	ideologizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ideologizowali	ideologizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ideologizowaliście	ideologizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ideologizowaliśmy	ideologizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałaby	ideologizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałabym	ideologizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałabyś	ideologizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ideologizowała	ideologizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ideologizowała	ideologizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałam	ideologizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałaś	ideologizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ideologizowałby	ideologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałbym	ideologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałbyś	ideologizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ideologizowałem	ideologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałeś	ideologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ideologizował	ideologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ideologizował	ideologizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałoby	ideologizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałobym	ideologizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałobyś	ideologizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ideologizowało	ideologizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ideologizowało	ideologizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałom	ideologizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ideologizowałoś	ideologizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ideologizowałyby	ideologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałybyście	ideologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ideologizowałybyśmy	ideologizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ideologizowały	ideologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ideologizowały	ideologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ideologizowałyście	ideologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ideologizowałyśmy	ideologizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ideologizowana	ideologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaną	ideologizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanego	ideologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanego	ideologizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowane	ideologizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowane	ideologizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanej	ideologizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanemu	ideologizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaniach	ideologizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowania	ideologizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowania	ideologizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaniami	ideologizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanie	ideologizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaniem	ideologizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowani	ideologizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaniom	ideologizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowaniu	ideologizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowano	ideologizować	imps:imperf		
ideologizowanych	ideologizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanych	ideologizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowany	ideologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ideologizowany	ideologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanym	ideologizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanym	ideologizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowanymi	ideologizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizowań	ideologizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizująca	ideologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizującą	ideologizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizującego	ideologizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ideologizującego	ideologizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizujące	ideologizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizujące	ideologizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ideologizującej	ideologizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ideologizującemu	ideologizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizując	ideologizować	pcon:imperf		
ideologizująco	ideologizować	pacta		
ideologizujących	ideologizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ideologizujących	ideologizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizujący	ideologizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ideologizujący	ideologizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ideologizujący	ideologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ideologizującym	ideologizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizującym	ideologizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizującymi	ideologizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ideologizują	ideologizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ideologizujcie	ideologizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ideologizujecie	ideologizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ideologizuje	ideologizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ideologizujemy	ideologizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ideologizujesz	ideologizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ideologizuję	ideologizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ideologizuj	ideologizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ideologizujmy	ideologizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ideomotorycznościach	ideomotoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotorycznościami	ideomotoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotorycznością	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczności	ideomotoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczności	ideomotoryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczności	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczności	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczności	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotorycznościom	ideomotoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczność	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczność	ideomotoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideomotoryczna	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideomotoryczną	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideomotoryczną	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideomotorycznego	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideomotorycznego	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideomotoryczne	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideomotoryczne	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideomotoryczne	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideomotoryczne	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideomotorycznej	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideomotorycznej	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideomotorycznej	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideomotorycznemu	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideomotoryczni	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideomotoryczno	ideomotoryczny	adja		
ideomotorycznych	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideomotorycznych	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideomotorycznych	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideomotoryczny	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideomotoryczny	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideomotorycznym	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideomotorycznym	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideomotorycznym	ideomotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideomotorycznymi	ideomotoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastycznościach	ideoplastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastycznościami	ideoplastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastycznością	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczności	ideoplastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczności	ideoplastyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczności	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczności	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczności	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastycznościom	ideoplastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczność	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczność	ideoplastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideoplastyczna	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideoplastyczną	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideoplastyczną	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideoplastycznego	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideoplastycznego	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideoplastyczne	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastyczne	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastyczne	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideoplastyczne	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideoplastycznej	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideoplastycznej	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideoplastycznej	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideoplastycznemu	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideoplastyczni	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideoplastyczno	ideoplastyczny	adja		
ideoplastycznych	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideoplastycznych	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastycznych	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastyczny	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideoplastyczny	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideoplastycznym	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideoplastycznym	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideoplastycznym	ideoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideoplastycznymi	ideoplastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórczościach	ideotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczościami	ideotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczością	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczości	ideotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczości	ideotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczości	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczości	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczości	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczościom	ideotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczość	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórczość	ideotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideotwórcza	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideotwórczą	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideotwórczą	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideotwórczego	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideotwórczego	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideotwórcze	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórcze	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórcze	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideotwórcze	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideotwórczej	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideotwórczej	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideotwórczej	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideotwórczemu	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideotwórczo	ideotwórczy	adja		
ideotwórczych	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideotwórczych	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórczych	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórczy	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideotwórczy	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideotwórczy	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideotwórczym	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideotwórczym	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideotwórczym	ideotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideotwórczymi	ideotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowcach	ideowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowca	ideowiec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcami	ideowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowce	ideowiec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcem	ideowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcom	ideowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcowi	ideowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowców	ideowiec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcu	ideowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcu	ideowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcy	ideowiec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowcze	ideowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowiec	ideowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ideowo	ideowo	adv:pos		
ideowopolitycznie	ideowopolitycznie	adv:pos		
ideowopolitycznościach	ideowopolityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolitycznościami	ideowopolityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolitycznością	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczności	ideowopolityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczności	ideowopolityczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczności	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczności	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczności	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolitycznościom	ideowopolityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczność	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczność	ideowopolityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowopolityczna	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideowopolityczną	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideowopolityczną	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideowopolitycznego	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideowopolitycznego	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowopolityczne	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowopolityczne	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowopolityczne	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideowopolityczne	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideowopolitycznej	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideowopolitycznej	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideowopolitycznej	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideowopolitycznemu	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowopolityczni	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideowopolityczno	ideowopolityczny	adja		
ideowopolitycznych	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideowopolitycznych	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowopolitycznych	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowopolityczny	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideowopolityczny	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideowopolitycznym	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowopolitycznym	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowopolitycznym	ideowopolityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowopolitycznymi	ideowopolityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowościach	ideowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowościami	ideowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowością	ideowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowości	ideowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowości	ideowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowości	ideowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowości	ideowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowości	ideowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowościom	ideowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowość	ideowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowość	ideowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ideowa	ideowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ideową	ideowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ideową	ideowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ideowego	ideowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ideowego	ideowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowe	ideowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowe	ideowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowe	ideowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ideowe	ideowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ideowej	ideowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ideowej	ideowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ideowej	ideowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ideowemu	ideowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowi	ideowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ideowo	ideowy	adja		
ideowych	ideowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ideowych	ideowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowych	ideowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowy	ideowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ideowy	ideowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ideowym	ideowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ideowym	ideowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowym	ideowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ideowymi	ideowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatycznościach	idiochromatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatycznościami	idiochromatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatycznością	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczności	idiochromatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczności	idiochromatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczności	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczności	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczności	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatycznościom	idiochromatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczność	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczność	idiochromatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyczna	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiochromatyczną	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiochromatyczną	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiochromatycznego	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiochromatycznego	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiochromatyczne	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatyczne	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatyczne	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiochromatyczne	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiochromatycznej	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiochromatycznej	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiochromatycznej	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiochromatycznemu	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiochromatyczni	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiochromatyczno	idiochromatyczny	adja		
idiochromatycznych	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiochromatycznych	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatycznych	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatyczny	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiochromatyczny	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiochromatycznym	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatycznym	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiochromatycznym	idiochromatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiochromatycznymi	idiochromatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiochromatyzmach	idiochromatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmami	idiochromatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmem	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzm	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmie	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmie	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmom	idiochromatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmowi	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmów	idiochromatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmu	idiochromatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiochromatyzmy	idiochromatyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idioceniach	idiocieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
idiocenia	idiocieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idiocenia	idiocieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idioceniami	idiocieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idiocenie	idiocieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idioceniem	idiocieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idioceniom	idiocieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
idioceniu	idiocieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
idioceń	idiocieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idiociałaby	idiocieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałabym	idiocieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałabyś	idiocieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociała	idiocieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
idiociała	idiocieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałam	idiocieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałaś	idiocieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociałby	idiocieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałbym	idiocieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałbyś	idiocieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociałem	idiocieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałeś	idiocieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociał	idiocieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
idiociał	idiocieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałoby	idiocieć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałobym	idiocieć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałobyś	idiocieć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociało	idiocieć	praet:sg:n:imperf		pot.
idiociało	idiocieć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałom	idiocieć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociałoś	idiocieć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociałyby	idiocieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałybyście	idiocieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociałybyśmy	idiocieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociały	idiocieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		pot.
idiociały	idiocieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociałyście	idiocieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociałyśmy	idiocieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociano	idiocieć	imps:imperf		pot.
idiocieć	idiocieć	inf:imperf		pot.
idiociejąca	idiocieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idiociejącą	idiocieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idiociejącego	idiocieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idiociejącego	idiocieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejące	idiocieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejące	idiocieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idiociejącej	idiocieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idiociejącemu	idiocieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejąc	idiocieć	pcon:imperf		pot.
idiociejąco	idiocieć	pacta		
idiociejących	idiocieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiociejących	idiocieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejący	idiocieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiociejący	idiocieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idiociejący	idiocieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idiociejącym	idiocieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejącym	idiocieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiociejącymi	idiocieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiocieją	idiocieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociejcie	idiocieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociejecie	idiocieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
idiocieje	idiocieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
idiociejemy	idiocieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociejesz	idiocieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
idiocieję	idiocieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
idiociej	idiocieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
idiociejmy	idiocieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
idiocieliby	idiocieć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		pot.
idiocielibyście	idiocieć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		pot.
idiocielibyśmy	idiocieć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		pot.
idiocieli	idiocieć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		pot.
idiocieli	idiocieć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		pot.
idiocieliście	idiocieć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		pot.
idiocieliśmy	idiocieć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		pot.
idioctwach	idioctwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwa	idioctwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwa	idioctwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwami	idioctwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwem	idioctwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctw	idioctwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwie	idioctwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwo	idioctwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwom	idioctwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idioctwu	idioctwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonach	idiofon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonami	idiofon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonem	idiofon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofon	idiofon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonie	idiofon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonie	idiofon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonom	idiofon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonowi	idiofon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonów	idiofon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofonu	idiofon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiofony	idiofon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficznościach	idiograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficznościami	idiograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficznością	idiograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzności	idiograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzności	idiograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzności	idiograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzności	idiograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzności	idiograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficznościom	idiograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzność	idiograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzność	idiograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiograficzna	idiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiograficzną	idiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiograficzną	idiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiograficznego	idiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiograficznego	idiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiograficzne	idiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiograficzne	idiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiograficzne	idiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiograficzne	idiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiograficznej	idiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiograficznej	idiograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiograficznej	idiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiograficznemu	idiograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiograficzni	idiograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiograficzno	idiograficzny	adja		
idiograficznych	idiograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiograficznych	idiograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiograficznych	idiograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiograficzny	idiograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiograficzny	idiograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiograficznym	idiograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiograficznym	idiograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiograficznym	idiograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiograficznymi	idiograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiografizmach	idiografizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmami	idiografizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmem	idiografizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizm	idiografizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmie	idiografizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmie	idiografizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmom	idiografizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmowi	idiografizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmów	idiografizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmu	idiografizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiografizmy	idiografizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatriach	idiolatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatria	idiolatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatriami	idiolatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrią	idiolatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrie	idiolatria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrię	idiolatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrii	idiolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idiolatrii	idiolatria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrii	idiolatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatrio	idiolatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatriom	idiolatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiolatryj	idiolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idiolekcie	idiolekt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolekcie	idiolekt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektach	idiolekt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektami	idiolekt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektem	idiolekt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolekt	idiolekt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektom	idiolekt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektowi	idiolekt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektów	idiolekt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolektu	idiolekt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiolekty	idiolekt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiologicznościach	idiologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologicznościami	idiologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologicznością	idiologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczności	idiologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczności	idiologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczności	idiologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczności	idiologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczności	idiologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologicznościom	idiologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczność	idiologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczność	idiologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiologiczna	idiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiologiczną	idiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiologiczną	idiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiologicznego	idiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiologicznego	idiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiologiczne	idiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiologiczne	idiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiologiczne	idiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiologiczne	idiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiologicznej	idiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiologicznej	idiologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiologicznej	idiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiologicznemu	idiologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiologiczni	idiologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiologiczno	idiologiczny	adja		
idiologicznych	idiologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiologicznych	idiologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiologicznych	idiologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiologiczny	idiologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiologiczny	idiologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiologicznym	idiologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiologicznym	idiologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiologicznym	idiologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiologicznymi	idiologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomach	idiom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomami	idiom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomem	idiom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiom	idiom	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomie	idiom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomie	idiom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomom	idiom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomowi	idiom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomów	idiom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomu	idiom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomy	idiom	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
idiomacie	idiomat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomacie	idiomat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatach	idiomat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatami	idiomat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatem	idiomat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomat	idiomat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatom	idiomat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatowi	idiomat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatów	idiomat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatu	idiomat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomaty	idiomat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatycznie	idiomatycznie	adv:pos		
idiomatycznościach	idiomatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatycznościami	idiomatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatycznością	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczności	idiomatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczności	idiomatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczności	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczności	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczności	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatycznościom	idiomatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczność	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczność	idiomatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyczna	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiomatyczną	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiomatyczną	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiomatycznego	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiomatycznego	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomatyczne	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatyczne	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatyczne	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiomatyczne	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiomatycznej	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiomatycznej	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiomatycznej	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiomatycznemu	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomatyczni	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiomatyczno	idiomatyczny	adja		
idiomatycznych	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiomatycznych	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatycznych	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatyczny	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiomatyczny	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiomatycznym	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatycznym	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomatycznym	idiomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomatycznymi	idiomatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomatyce	idiomatyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatykach	idiomatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyka	idiomatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatykami	idiomatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyką	idiomatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatykę	idiomatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyk	idiomatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyki	idiomatyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyki	idiomatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyko	idiomatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatykom	idiomatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmach	idiomatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmami	idiomatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmem	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzm	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmie	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmie	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmom	idiomatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmowi	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmów	idiomatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmu	idiomatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomatyzmy	idiomatyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmach	idiomorfizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmami	idiomorfizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmem	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizm	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmie	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmie	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmom	idiomorfizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmowi	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmów	idiomorfizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmu	idiomorfizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomorfizmy	idiomorfizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowościach	idiomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowościami	idiomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowością	idiomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowości	idiomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowości	idiomowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowości	idiomowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowości	idiomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowości	idiomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowościom	idiomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowość	idiomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowość	idiomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiomowa	idiomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiomową	idiomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiomową	idiomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiomowego	idiomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiomowego	idiomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomowe	idiomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomowe	idiomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomowe	idiomowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiomowe	idiomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiomowej	idiomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiomowej	idiomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiomowej	idiomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiomowemu	idiomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomowi	idiomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiomowo	idiomowy	adja		
idiomowych	idiomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiomowych	idiomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomowych	idiomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomowy	idiomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiomowy	idiomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiomowym	idiomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiomowym	idiomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomowym	idiomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiomowymi	idiomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatycznościach	idiopatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatycznościami	idiopatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatycznością	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczności	idiopatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczności	idiopatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczności	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczności	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczności	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatycznościom	idiopatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczność	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczność	idiopatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiopatyczna	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiopatyczną	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiopatyczną	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiopatycznego	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiopatycznego	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiopatyczne	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatyczne	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatyczne	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiopatyczne	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiopatycznej	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiopatycznej	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiopatycznej	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiopatycznemu	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiopatyczni	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiopatyczno	idiopatyczny	adja		
idiopatycznych	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiopatycznych	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatycznych	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatyczny	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiopatyczny	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiopatycznym	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiopatycznym	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiopatycznym	idiopatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiopatycznymi	idiopatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratycznościach	idiosynkratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratycznościami	idiosynkratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratycznością	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczności	idiosynkratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczności	idiosynkratyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczności	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczności	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczności	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratycznościom	idiosynkratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczność	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczność	idiosynkratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkratyczna	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiosynkratyczną	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiosynkratyczną	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiosynkratycznego	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiosynkratycznego	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiosynkratyczne	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratyczne	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratyczne	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiosynkratyczne	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiosynkratycznej	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiosynkratycznej	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiosynkratycznej	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiosynkratycznemu	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiosynkratyczni	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiosynkratyczno	idiosynkratyczny	adja		
idiosynkratycznych	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiosynkratycznych	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratycznych	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratyczny	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiosynkratyczny	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiosynkratycznym	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkratycznym	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiosynkratycznym	idiosynkratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiosynkratycznymi	idiosynkratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiosynkrazjach	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazja	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazjami	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazją	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazje	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazję	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazji	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idiosynkrazji	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazji	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazjo	idiosynkrazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazjom	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiosynkrazyj	idiosynkrazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idiocie	idiota	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idioci	idiota	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotach	idiota	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiota	idiota	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotami	idiota	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotą	idiota	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotę	idiota	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idioto	idiota	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotom	idiota	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idiotów	idiota	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idioty	idiota	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idioty	idiota	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
idioteczce	idioteczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczek	idioteczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczkach	idioteczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczka	idioteczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczkami	idioteczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczką	idioteczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczkę	idioteczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczki	idioteczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczki	idioteczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczko	idioteczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idioteczkom	idioteczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotce	idiotka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotek	idiotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotkach	idiotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotka	idiotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotkami	idiotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotką	idiotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotkę	idiotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotki	idiotka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotki	idiotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotko	idiotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotkom	idiotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatościach	idiotowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatościami	idiotowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatością	idiotowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatości	idiotowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatości	idiotowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatości	idiotowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatości	idiotowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatości	idiotowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatościom	idiotowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatość	idiotowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowatość	idiotowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotowaci	idiotowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiotowata	idiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiotowatą	idiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiotowatą	idiotowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiotowatego	idiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiotowatego	idiotowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotowate	idiotowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotowate	idiotowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotowate	idiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiotowate	idiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiotowatej	idiotowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiotowatej	idiotowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiotowatej	idiotowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiotowatemu	idiotowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotowato	idiotowaty	adja		
idiotowatych	idiotowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiotowatych	idiotowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotowatych	idiotowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotowaty	idiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiotowaty	idiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiotowatym	idiotowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotowatym	idiotowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotowatym	idiotowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotowatymi	idiotowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotycznie	idiotycznie	adv:pos		
idiotyczniej	idiotycznie	adv:com		
idiotycznościach	idiotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotycznościami	idiotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotycznością	idiotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczności	idiotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczności	idiotyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczności	idiotyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczności	idiotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczności	idiotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotycznościom	idiotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczność	idiotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczność	idiotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyczna	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idiotyczną	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idiotyczną	idiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idiotycznego	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idiotycznego	idiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotyczne	idiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotyczne	idiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotyczne	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idiotyczne	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idiotycznej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idiotycznej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idiotycznej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idiotycznemu	idiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotyczniejsi	idiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
idiotyczniejsza	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
idiotyczniejszą	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
idiotyczniejszą	idiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
idiotyczniejszego	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
idiotyczniejszego	idiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idiotyczniejsze	idiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczniejsze	idiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczniejsze	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
idiotyczniejsze	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
idiotyczniejszej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
idiotyczniejszej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
idiotyczniejszej	idiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
idiotyczniejszemu	idiotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idiotyczniejszych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
idiotyczniejszych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczniejszych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczniejszy	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
idiotyczniejszy	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
idiotyczniejszym	idiotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczniejszym	idiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idiotyczniejszym	idiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
idiotyczniejszymi	idiotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
idiotyczni	idiotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idiotyczno	idiotyczny	adja		
idiotycznych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idiotycznych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotycznych	idiotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotyczny	idiotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idiotyczny	idiotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idiotycznym	idiotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotycznym	idiotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotycznym	idiotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idiotycznymi	idiotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idiotykonach	idiotykon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonami	idiotykon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonem	idiotykon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykon	idiotykon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonie	idiotykon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonie	idiotykon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonom	idiotykon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonowi	idiotykon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonów	idiotykon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykonu	idiotykon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotykony	idiotykon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmach	idiotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmami	idiotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmem	idiotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzm	idiotyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmie	idiotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmie	idiotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmom	idiotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmowi	idiotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmów	idiotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmu	idiotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzmy	idiotyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idiotyzować	idiotyzować	inf:imperf		
idiotyzowaliby	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowalibyście	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowalibyśmy	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowali	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
idiotyzowali	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowaliście	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowaliśmy	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałaby	idiotyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałabym	idiotyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałabyś	idiotyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowała	idiotyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
idiotyzowała	idiotyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałam	idiotyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałaś	idiotyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowałby	idiotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałbym	idiotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałbyś	idiotyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowałem	idiotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałeś	idiotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
idiotyzował	idiotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
idiotyzował	idiotyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałoby	idiotyzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałobym	idiotyzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałobyś	idiotyzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowało	idiotyzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
idiotyzowało	idiotyzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałom	idiotyzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowałoś	idiotyzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowałyby	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałybyście	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowałybyśmy	idiotyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowały	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
idiotyzowały	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
idiotyzowałyście	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
idiotyzowałyśmy	idiotyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
idiotyzowana	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaną	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanego	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanego	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowane	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowane	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanej	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanemu	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaniach	idiotyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowania	idiotyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowania	idiotyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaniami	idiotyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanie	idiotyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaniem	idiotyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowani	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaniom	idiotyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowaniu	idiotyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowano	idiotyzować	imps:imperf		
idiotyzowanych	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanych	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowany	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowany	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanym	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanym	idiotyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowanymi	idiotyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzowań	idiotyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzująca	idiotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującą	idiotyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującego	idiotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującego	idiotyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujące	idiotyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujące	idiotyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującej	idiotyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującemu	idiotyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzując	idiotyzować	pcon:imperf		
idiotyzująco	idiotyzować	pacta		
idiotyzujących	idiotyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujących	idiotyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujący	idiotyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujący	idiotyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idiotyzujący	idiotyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującym	idiotyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującym	idiotyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzującymi	idiotyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idiotyzują	idiotyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
idiotyzujcie	idiotyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
idiotyzujecie	idiotyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
idiotyzuje	idiotyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
idiotyzujemy	idiotyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
idiotyzujesz	idiotyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
idiotyzuję	idiotyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
idiotyzuj	idiotyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
idiotyzujmy	idiotyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ido	ido	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
idolatriach	idolatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatria	idolatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatriami	idolatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrią	idolatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrie	idolatria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrię	idolatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrii	idolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idolatrii	idolatria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrii	idolatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatrio	idolatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatriom	idolatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryj	idolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idolatryjnościach	idolatryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjnościami	idolatryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjnością	idolatryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjności	idolatryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjności	idolatryjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjności	idolatryjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjności	idolatryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjności	idolatryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjnościom	idolatryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjność	idolatryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjność	idolatryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolatryjna	idolatryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idolatryjną	idolatryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idolatryjną	idolatryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idolatryjnego	idolatryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idolatryjnego	idolatryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idolatryjne	idolatryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolatryjne	idolatryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolatryjne	idolatryjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idolatryjne	idolatryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idolatryjnej	idolatryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idolatryjnej	idolatryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idolatryjnej	idolatryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idolatryjnemu	idolatryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idolatryjni	idolatryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idolatryjno	idolatryjny	adja		
idolatryjnych	idolatryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idolatryjnych	idolatryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolatryjnych	idolatryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolatryjny	idolatryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idolatryjny	idolatryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idolatryjnym	idolatryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolatryjnym	idolatryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idolatryjnym	idolatryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idolatryjnymi	idolatryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idolce	idolka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolek	idolka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolkach	idolka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolka	idolka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolkami	idolka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolką	idolka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolkę	idolka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolki	idolka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolki	idolka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolko	idolka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idolkom	idolka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatriach	idololatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatria	idololatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatriami	idololatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrią	idololatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrie	idololatria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrię	idololatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrii	idololatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idololatrii	idololatria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrii	idololatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatrio	idololatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatriom	idololatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idololatryj	idololatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
idolach	idol:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idola	idol:s1	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolami	idol:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idole	idol:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idole	idol:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolem	idol:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idol	idol:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idoli	idol:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolom	idol:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolowi	idol:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolu	idol:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolu	idol:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idolach	idol:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idola	idol:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolami	idol:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idole	idol:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolem	idol:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idol	idol:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idoli	idol:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolom	idol:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolowi	idol:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolów	idol:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolu	idol:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idolu	idol:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idach	idy	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
idami	idy	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
id	idy	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
idom	idy	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
idów	idy	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
idy	idy	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
idyllach	idylla	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylla	idylla	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllami	idylla	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllą	idylla	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylle	idylla	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllę	idylla	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyll	idylla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
idylli	idylla	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
idylli	idylla	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylli	idylla	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllo	idylla	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllom	idylla	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllicznie	idyllicznie	adv:pos		
idyllicznościach	idylliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllicznościami	idylliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllicznością	idylliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczności	idylliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczności	idylliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczności	idylliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczności	idylliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczności	idylliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idyllicznościom	idylliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczność	idylliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczność	idylliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
idylliczna	idylliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
idylliczną	idylliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
idylliczną	idylliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
idyllicznego	idylliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
idyllicznego	idylliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idylliczne	idylliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idylliczne	idylliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idylliczne	idylliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
idylliczne	idylliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
idyllicznej	idylliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
idyllicznej	idylliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
idyllicznej	idylliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
idyllicznemu	idylliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idylliczni	idylliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
idylliczno	idylliczny	adja		
idyllicznych	idylliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
idyllicznych	idylliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idyllicznych	idylliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idylliczny	idylliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
idylliczny	idylliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
idyllicznym	idylliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idyllicznym	idylliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idyllicznym	idylliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
idyllicznymi	idylliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
idyllicy	idyllik	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllikach	idyllik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllika	idyllik	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllikami	idyllik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllik	idyllik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllikiem	idyllik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idylliki	idyllik	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllikom	idyllik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllikowi	idyllik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllików	idyllik	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idylliku	idyllik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idylliku	idyllik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lit.
idyllistach	idyllista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllista	idyllista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllistami	idyllista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllistą	idyllista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllistę	idyllista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllisto	idyllista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllistom	idyllista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllistów	idyllista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllisty	idyllista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
idyllisty	idyllista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idylliście	idyllista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idylliści	idyllista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmach	idyllizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmami	idyllizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmem	idyllizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizm	idyllizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmie	idyllizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmie	idyllizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmom	idyllizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmowi	idyllizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmów	idyllizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmu	idyllizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllizmy	idyllizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
idyllowościach	idyllowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowościami	idyllowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowością	idyllowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowości	idyllowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowości	idyllowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowości	idyllowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowości	idyllowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowości	idyllowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowościom	idyllowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowość	idyllowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowość	idyllowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idyllowa	idyllowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
idyllową	idyllowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
idyllową	idyllowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
idyllowego	idyllowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
idyllowego	idyllowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
idyllowe	idyllowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
idyllowe	idyllowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
idyllowe	idyllowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
idyllowe	idyllowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
idyllowej	idyllowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
idyllowej	idyllowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
idyllowej	idyllowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
idyllowemu	idyllowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
idyllowi	idyllowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
idyllowo	idyllowy	adja		daw.
idyllowych	idyllowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
idyllowych	idyllowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
idyllowych	idyllowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
idyllowy	idyllowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
idyllowy	idyllowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
idyllowym	idyllowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
idyllowym	idyllowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
idyllowym	idyllowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
idyllowymi	idyllowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
igelicie	igelit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelicie	igelit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitach	igelit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitami	igelit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitem	igelit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelit	igelit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitom	igelit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowi	igelit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitów	igelit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitu	igelit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelity	igelit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowościach	igelitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowościami	igelitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowością	igelitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowości	igelitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowości	igelitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowości	igelitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowości	igelitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowości	igelitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowościom	igelitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowość	igelitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowość	igelitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igelitowa	igelitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igelitową	igelitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igelitową	igelitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igelitowego	igelitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igelitowego	igelitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igelitowe	igelitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igelitowe	igelitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igelitowe	igelitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igelitowe	igelitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igelitowej	igelitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igelitowej	igelitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igelitowej	igelitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igelitowemu	igelitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igelitowi	igelitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igelitowo	igelitowy	adja		
igelitowych	igelitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igelitowych	igelitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igelitowych	igelitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igelitowy	igelitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igelitowy	igelitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igelitowym	igelitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igelitowym	igelitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igelitowym	igelitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igelitowymi	igelitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielicie	igielit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielicie	igielit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitach	igielit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitami	igielit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitem	igielit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielit	igielit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitom	igielit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowi	igielit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitów	igielit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitu	igielit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielity	igielit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowościach	igielitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowościami	igielitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowością	igielitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowości	igielitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowości	igielitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowości	igielitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowości	igielitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowości	igielitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowościom	igielitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowość	igielitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowość	igielitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielitowa	igielitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igielitową	igielitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igielitową	igielitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igielitowego	igielitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igielitowego	igielitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielitowe	igielitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielitowe	igielitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielitowe	igielitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igielitowe	igielitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igielitowej	igielitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igielitowej	igielitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igielitowej	igielitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igielitowemu	igielitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielitowi	igielitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igielitowo	igielitowy	adja		
igielitowych	igielitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igielitowych	igielitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielitowych	igielitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielitowy	igielitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igielitowy	igielitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igielitowym	igielitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielitowym	igielitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielitowym	igielitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielitowymi	igielitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielnicach	igielnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnica	igielnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicami	igielnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicą	igielnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnice	igielnica	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicę	igielnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnic	igielnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnico	igielnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicom	igielnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicy	igielnica	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnicy	igielnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczek	igielniczek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczkach	igielniczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczka	igielniczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczkami	igielniczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczkiem	igielniczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczki	igielniczek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczkom	igielniczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczkowi	igielniczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczków	igielniczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczku	igielniczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniczku	igielniczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnikach	igielnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnika	igielnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnikami	igielnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnikiem	igielnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnik	igielnik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniki	igielnik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnikom	igielnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnikowi	igielnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielników	igielnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniku	igielnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielniku	igielnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igielnościach	igielność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnościami	igielność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnością	igielność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielności	igielność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielności	igielność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielności	igielność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielności	igielność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielności	igielność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielnościom	igielność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielność	igielność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielność	igielność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igielna	igielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igielną	igielny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igielną	igielny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igielnego	igielny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igielnego	igielny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielne	igielny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielne	igielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielne	igielny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igielne	igielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igielnej	igielny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igielnej	igielny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igielnej	igielny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igielnemu	igielny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielni	igielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igielno	igielny	adja		
igielnych	igielny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igielnych	igielny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielnych	igielny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielny	igielny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igielny	igielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igielnym	igielny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igielnym	igielny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielnym	igielny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igielnymi	igielny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełeczce	igiełeczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczek	igiełeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczkach	igiełeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczka	igiełeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczkami	igiełeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczką	igiełeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczkę	igiełeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczki	igiełeczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczki	igiełeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczko	igiełeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełeczkom	igiełeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełce	igiełka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełek	igiełka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkach	igiełka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełka	igiełka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkami	igiełka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełką	igiełka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkę	igiełka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełki	igiełka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełki	igiełka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełko	igiełka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkom	igiełka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatościach	igiełkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatościami	igiełkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatością	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatości	igiełkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatości	igiełkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatości	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatości	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatości	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatościom	igiełkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatość	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowatość	igiełkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowaci	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igiełkowata	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igiełkowatą	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igiełkowatą	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igiełkowatego	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igiełkowatego	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowate	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowate	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowate	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igiełkowate	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igiełkowatej	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igiełkowatej	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igiełkowatej	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igiełkowatemu	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowato	igiełkowaty	adja		
igiełkowatych	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igiełkowatych	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowatych	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowaty	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igiełkowaty	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igiełkowatym	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowatym	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowatym	igiełkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowatymi	igiełkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowościach	igiełkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowościami	igiełkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowością	igiełkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowości	igiełkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowości	igiełkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowości	igiełkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowości	igiełkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowości	igiełkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowościom	igiełkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowość	igiełkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowość	igiełkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igiełkowa	igiełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igiełkową	igiełkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igiełkową	igiełkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igiełkowego	igiełkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igiełkowego	igiełkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowe	igiełkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowe	igiełkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowe	igiełkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igiełkowe	igiełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igiełkowej	igiełkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igiełkowej	igiełkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igiełkowej	igiełkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igiełkowemu	igiełkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowi	igiełkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igiełkowo	igiełkowy	adja		
igiełkowych	igiełkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igiełkowych	igiełkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowych	igiełkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowy	igiełkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igiełkowy	igiełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igiełkowym	igiełkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igiełkowym	igiełkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowym	igiełkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igiełkowymi	igiełkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglakach	iglak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakach	iglak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaka	iglak	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaka	iglak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakami	iglak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakami	iglak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakiem	iglak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakiem	iglak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglak	iglak	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglak	iglak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaki	iglak	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaki	iglak	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakom	iglak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakom	iglak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakowi	iglak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglakowi	iglak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaków	iglak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaków	iglak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaku	iglak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaku	iglak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaku	iglak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglaku	iglak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iglanościach	iglaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglanościami	iglaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglanością	iglaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaności	iglaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaności	iglaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaności	iglaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaności	iglaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaności	iglaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglanościom	iglaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaność	iglaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglaność	iglaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iglana	iglany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
iglaną	iglany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
iglaną	iglany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
iglanego	iglany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
iglanego	iglany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iglane	iglany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglane	iglany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglane	iglany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
iglane	iglany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
iglanej	iglany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
iglanej	iglany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
iglanej	iglany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
iglanemu	iglany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iglani	iglany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
iglano	iglany	adja		daw.
iglanych	iglany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
iglanych	iglany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglanych	iglany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglany	iglany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
iglany	iglany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
iglanym	iglany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglanym	iglany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iglanym	iglany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iglanymi	iglany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iglarce	iglarka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarek	iglarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarkach	iglarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarka	iglarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarkami	iglarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarką	iglarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarkę	iglarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarki	iglarka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarki	iglarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarko	iglarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarkom	iglarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzach	iglarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzach	iglarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarza	iglarz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarza	iglarz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzami	iglarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzami	iglarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarze	iglarz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iglarze	iglarz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarze	iglarz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarze	iglarz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzem	iglarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzem	iglarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarz	iglarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarz	iglarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzom	iglarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzom	iglarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzowi	iglarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzowi	iglarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzów	iglarz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzu	iglarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzu	iglarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzu	iglarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglarzu	iglarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
iglarzy	iglarz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iglaste	iglaste	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
iglastych	iglaste	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
iglastych	iglaste	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
iglastym	iglaste	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
iglastymi	iglaste	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
iglastościach	iglastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastościami	iglastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastością	iglastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastości	iglastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastości	iglastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastości	iglastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastości	iglastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastości	iglastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastościom	iglastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastość	iglastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglastość	iglastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglasta	iglasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iglastą	iglasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iglastą	iglasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iglastego	iglasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iglastego	iglasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglaste	iglasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglaste	iglasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglaste	iglasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iglaste	iglasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iglastej	iglasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iglastej	iglasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iglastej	iglasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iglastemu	iglasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglasto	iglasty	adja		
iglastych	iglasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iglastych	iglasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglastych	iglasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglasty	iglasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iglasty	iglasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iglastym	iglasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglastym	iglasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglastym	iglasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglastymi	iglasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglaści	iglasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iglicach	iglica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglica	iglica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicami	iglica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicą	iglica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglice	iglica	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicę	iglica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglic	iglica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglico	iglica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicom	iglica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicy	iglica	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicy	iglica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowościach	iglicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowościami	iglicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowością	iglicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowości	iglicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowości	iglicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowości	iglicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowości	iglicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowości	iglicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowościom	iglicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowość	iglicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowość	iglicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicowa	iglicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iglicową	iglicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iglicową	iglicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iglicowego	iglicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iglicowego	iglicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicowe	iglicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicowe	iglicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicowe	iglicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iglicowe	iglicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iglicowej	iglicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iglicowej	iglicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iglicowej	iglicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iglicowemu	iglicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicowi	iglicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iglicowo	iglicowy	adja		
iglicowych	iglicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iglicowych	iglicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicowych	iglicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicowy	iglicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iglicowy	iglicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iglicowym	iglicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicowym	iglicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicowym	iglicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicowymi	iglicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicówce	iglicówka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówek	iglicówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówkach	iglicówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówka	iglicówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówkami	iglicówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówką	iglicówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówkę	iglicówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówki	iglicówka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówki	iglicówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówko	iglicówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iglicówkom	iglicówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igliczce	igliczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczek	igliczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkach	igliczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczka	igliczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkami	igliczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczką	igliczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkę	igliczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczki	igliczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczki	igliczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczko	igliczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkom	igliczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowościach	igliczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowościami	igliczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowością	igliczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowości	igliczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowości	igliczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowości	igliczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowości	igliczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowości	igliczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowościom	igliczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowość	igliczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowość	igliczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczkowa	igliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igliczkową	igliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igliczkową	igliczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igliczkowego	igliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igliczkowego	igliczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczkowe	igliczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczkowe	igliczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczkowe	igliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igliczkowe	igliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igliczkowej	igliczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igliczkowej	igliczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igliczkowej	igliczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igliczkowemu	igliczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczkowi	igliczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igliczkowo	igliczkowy	adja		
igliczkowych	igliczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igliczkowych	igliczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczkowych	igliczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczkowy	igliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igliczkowy	igliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igliczkowym	igliczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczkowym	igliczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczkowym	igliczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczkowymi	igliczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniach	iglicznia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznia	iglicznia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniami	iglicznia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznią	iglicznia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznie	iglicznia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznię	iglicznia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczni	iglicznia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczni	iglicznia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczni	iglicznia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznio	iglicznia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniom	iglicznia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowate	igliczniowate	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatych	igliczniowate	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatych	igliczniowate	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatym	igliczniowate	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatymi	igliczniowate	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatościach	igliczniowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatościami	igliczniowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatością	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatości	igliczniowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatości	igliczniowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatości	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatości	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatości	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatościom	igliczniowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatość	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowatość	igliczniowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczniowaci	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igliczniowata	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igliczniowatą	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igliczniowatą	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igliczniowatego	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igliczniowatego	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczniowate	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniowate	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniowate	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igliczniowate	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igliczniowatej	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igliczniowatej	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igliczniowatej	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igliczniowatemu	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczniowato	igliczniowaty	adja		
igliczniowatych	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igliczniowatych	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniowatych	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniowaty	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igliczniowaty	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igliczniowatym	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczniowatym	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczniowatym	igliczniowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczniowatymi	igliczniowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicznościach	igliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznościami	igliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznością	igliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczności	igliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczności	igliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczności	igliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczności	igliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczności	igliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iglicznościom	igliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczność	igliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczność	igliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igliczna	igliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igliczną	igliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igliczną	igliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iglicznego	igliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iglicznego	igliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczne	igliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczne	igliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczne	igliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igliczne	igliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iglicznej	igliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iglicznej	igliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iglicznej	igliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iglicznemu	igliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igliczni	igliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igliczno	igliczny	adja		
iglicznych	igliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iglicznych	igliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicznych	igliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliczny	igliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igliczny	igliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iglicznym	igliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iglicznym	igliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicznym	igliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iglicznymi	igliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igliskach	iglisko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliska	iglisko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliska	iglisko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliskami	iglisko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliskiem	iglisko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iglisk	iglisko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iglisko	iglisko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliskom	iglisko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iglisku	iglisko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iglisku	iglisko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiach	igliwie	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwia	igliwie	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwia	igliwie	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiami	igliwie	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwie	igliwie	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiem	igliwie	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwi	igliwie	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiom	igliwie	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiu	igliwie	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igliwiu	igliwie	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igloo	igloo	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igieł	igła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igle	igła	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłach	igła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igła	igła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłami	igła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłą	igła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłę	igła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igło	igła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłom	igła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igły	igła	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igły	igła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławach	igława	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igława	igława	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławami	igława	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławą	igława	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławę	igława	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławie	igława	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igław	igława	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławo	igława	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławom	igława	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławy	igława	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igławy	igława	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrach	igłofiltr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltra	igłofiltr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrami	igłofiltr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrem	igłofiltr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltr	igłofiltr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrom	igłofiltr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrowi	igłofiltr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrów	igłofiltr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltru	igłofiltr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltry	igłofiltr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrze	igłofiltr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłofiltrze	igłofiltr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłować	igłować	inf:imperf		
igłowaliby	igłować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
igłowalibyście	igłować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
igłowalibyśmy	igłować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
igłowali	igłować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
igłowali	igłować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
igłowaliście	igłować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
igłowaliśmy	igłować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
igłowałaby	igłować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
igłowałabym	igłować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
igłowałabyś	igłować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
igłowała	igłować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
igłowała	igłować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
igłowałam	igłować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
igłowałaś	igłować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
igłowałby	igłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
igłowałbym	igłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
igłowałbyś	igłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
igłowałem	igłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
igłowałeś	igłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
igłował	igłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
igłował	igłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
igłowałoby	igłować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
igłowałobym	igłować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
igłowałobyś	igłować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
igłowało	igłować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
igłowało	igłować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
igłowałom	igłować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
igłowałoś	igłować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
igłowałyby	igłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
igłowałybyście	igłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
igłowałybyśmy	igłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
igłowały	igłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
igłowały	igłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
igłowałyście	igłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
igłowałyśmy	igłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
igłowana	igłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
igłowaną	igłować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
igłowanego	igłować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
igłowanego	igłować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłowane	igłować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłowane	igłować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
igłowanej	igłować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
igłowanemu	igłować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłowaniach	igłować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
igłowania	igłować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
igłowania	igłować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
igłowaniami	igłować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
igłowanie	igłować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
igłowaniem	igłować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
igłowani	igłować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
igłowaniom	igłować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
igłowaniu	igłować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
igłowano	igłować	imps:imperf		
igłowanych	igłować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
igłowanych	igłować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłowany	igłować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
igłowany	igłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
igłowanym	igłować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłowanym	igłować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłowanymi	igłować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłowań	igłować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
igłująca	igłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
igłującą	igłować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
igłującego	igłować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
igłującego	igłować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłujące	igłować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłujące	igłować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
igłującej	igłować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
igłującemu	igłować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłując	igłować	pcon:imperf		
igłująco	igłować	pacta		
igłujących	igłować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
igłujących	igłować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłujący	igłować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
igłujący	igłować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
igłujący	igłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
igłującym	igłować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłującym	igłować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igłującymi	igłować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igłują	igłować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
igłujcie	igłować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
igłujecie	igłować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
igłuje	igłować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
igłujemy	igłować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
igłujesz	igłować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
igłuję	igłować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
igłuj	igłować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
igłujmy	igłować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
igłowatościach	igłowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatościami	igłowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatością	igłowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatości	igłowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatości	igłowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatości	igłowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatości	igłowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatości	igłowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatościom	igłowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatość	igłowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowatość	igłowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowaci	igłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igłowata	igłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igłowatą	igłowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igłowatą	igłowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igłowatego	igłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igłowatego	igłowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowate	igłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowate	igłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowate	igłowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igłowate	igłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igłowatej	igłowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igłowatej	igłowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igłowatej	igłowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igłowatemu	igłowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowato	igłowaty	adja		
igłowatych	igłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igłowatych	igłowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowatych	igłowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowaty	igłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igłowaty	igłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igłowatym	igłowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowatym	igłowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowatym	igłowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowatymi	igłowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowcach	igłowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowca	igłowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcami	igłowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowce	igłowiec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcem	igłowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcom	igłowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcowi	igłowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowców	igłowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcu	igłowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowcu	igłowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowiec	igłowiec	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igłowościach	igłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowościami	igłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowością	igłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowości	igłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowości	igłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowości	igłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowości	igłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowości	igłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowościom	igłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowość	igłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowość	igłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igłowa	igłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igłową	igłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igłową	igłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igłowego	igłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igłowego	igłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowe	igłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowe	igłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowe	igłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igłowe	igłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igłowej	igłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igłowej	igłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igłowej	igłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igłowemu	igłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowi	igłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igłowo	igłowy	adja		
igłowych	igłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igłowych	igłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowych	igłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowy	igłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igłowy	igłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igłowym	igłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igłowym	igłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowym	igłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igłowymi	igłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignamach	ignam	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamami	ignam	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamem	ignam	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamie	ignam	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamie	ignam	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignam	ignam	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamom	ignam	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamowi	ignam	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamów	ignam	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamu	ignam	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignamy	ignam	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrycie	ignimbryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrycie	ignimbryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytach	ignimbryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytami	ignimbryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytem	ignimbryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbryt	ignimbryt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytom	ignimbryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytowi	ignimbryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytów	ignimbryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbrytu	ignimbryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignimbryty	ignimbryt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturach	ignipunktura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunktura	ignipunktura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturami	ignipunktura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturą	ignipunktura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturę	ignipunktura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunktur	ignipunktura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturo	ignipunktura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturom	ignipunktura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunktury	ignipunktura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunktury	ignipunktura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignipunkturze	ignipunktura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronach	ignitron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronami	ignitron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronem	ignitron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronie	ignitron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronie	ignitron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitron	ignitron	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronom	ignitron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowi	ignitron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronów	ignitron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronu	ignitron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitrony	ignitron	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowościach	ignitronowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowościami	ignitronowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowością	ignitronowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowości	ignitronowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowości	ignitronowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowości	ignitronowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowości	ignitronowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowości	ignitronowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowościom	ignitronowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowość	ignitronowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowość	ignitronowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignitronowa	ignitronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ignitronową	ignitronowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ignitronową	ignitronowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ignitronowego	ignitronowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ignitronowego	ignitronowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignitronowe	ignitronowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignitronowe	ignitronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignitronowe	ignitronowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ignitronowe	ignitronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ignitronowej	ignitronowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ignitronowej	ignitronowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ignitronowej	ignitronowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ignitronowemu	ignitronowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignitronowi	ignitronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ignitronowo	ignitronowy	adja		
ignitronowych	ignitronowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ignitronowych	ignitronowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignitronowych	ignitronowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignitronowy	ignitronowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ignitronowy	ignitronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ignitronowym	ignitronowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignitronowym	ignitronowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignitronowym	ignitronowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignitronowymi	ignitronowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignominiach	ignominia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominia	ignominia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominiami	ignominia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominią	ignominia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominie	ignominia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominię	ignominia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominii	ignominia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ignominii	ignominia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominii	ignominia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominij	ignominia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
ignominio	ignominia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignominiom	ignominia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ignorancjach	ignorancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancja	ignorancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancjami	ignorancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancją	ignorancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancje	ignorancja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancję	ignorancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancji	ignorancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ignorancji	ignorancja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancji	ignorancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancjo	ignorancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancjom	ignorancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancyj	ignorancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ignorancjuszach	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjusza	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszami	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjusze	ignorancjusz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjusze	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszem	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjusz	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszom	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszowi	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszów	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszu	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszu	ignorancjusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignorancjuszy	ignorancjusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ignoranccy	ignorancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ignorancka	ignorancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ignorancką	ignorancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ignorancką	ignorancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ignoranckich	ignorancki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ignoranckich	ignorancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignoranckich	ignorancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignoranckiego	ignorancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ignoranckiego	ignorancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignoranckie	ignorancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignoranckie	ignorancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignoranckie	ignorancki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ignoranckie	ignorancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ignoranckiej	ignorancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ignoranckiej	ignorancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ignoranckiej	ignorancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ignoranckiemu	ignorancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignorancki	ignorancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ignorancki	ignorancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ignoranckim	ignorancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignoranckim	ignorancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignoranckim	ignorancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ignoranckimi	ignorancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ignorancko	ignorancki	adja		
ignorancku	ignorancki	adjp		
ignorancko	ignorancko	adv:pos		
ignoranckościach	ignoranckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckościami	ignoranckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckością	ignoranckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckości	ignoranckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckości	ignoranckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckości	ignoranckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckości	ignoranckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckości	ignoranckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckościom	ignoranckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckość	ignoranckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranckość	ignoranckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancie	ignorant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorancie	ignorant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranci	ignorant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantach	ignorant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranta	ignorant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantami	ignorant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantem	ignorant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorant	ignorant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantom	ignorant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantowi	ignorant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantów	ignorant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ignoranty	ignorant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantce	ignorantka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantek	ignorantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantkach	ignorantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantka	ignorantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantkami	ignorantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantką	ignorantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantkę	ignorantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantki	ignorantka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantki	ignorantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantko	ignorantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorantkom	ignorantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ignorować	ignorować	inf:imperf		
ignorowaliby	ignorować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ignorowalibyście	ignorować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ignorowalibyśmy	ignorować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ignorowali	ignorować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ignorowali	ignorować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ignorowaliście	ignorować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ignorowaliśmy	ignorować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ignorowałaby	ignorować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ignorowałabym	ignorować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ignorowałabyś	ignorować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ignorowała	ignorować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ignorowała	ignorować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ignorowałam	ignorować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ignorowałaś	ignorować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ignorowałby	ignorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ignorowałbym	ignorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ignorowałbyś	ignorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ignorowałem	ignorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ignorowałeś	ignorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ignorował	ignorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ignorował	ignorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ignorowałoby	ignorować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ignorowałobym	ignorować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ignorowałobyś	ignorować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ignorowało	ignorować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ignorowało	ignorować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ignorowałom	ignorować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ignorowałoś	ignorować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ignorowałyby	ignorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ignorowałybyście	ignorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ignorowałybyśmy	ignorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ignorowały	ignorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ignorowały	ignorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ignorowałyście	ignorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ignorowałyśmy	ignorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ignorowana	ignorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ignorowaną	ignorować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ignorowanego	ignorować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ignorowanego	ignorować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowane	ignorować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowane	ignorować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowanej	ignorować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ignorowanemu	ignorować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowaniach	ignorować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowania	ignorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowania	ignorować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowaniami	ignorować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowanie	ignorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowaniem	ignorować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowani	ignorować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ignorowaniom	ignorować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowaniu	ignorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorowano	ignorować	imps:imperf		
ignorowanych	ignorować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ignorowanych	ignorować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowany	ignorować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ignorowany	ignorować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ignorowanym	ignorować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowanym	ignorować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowanymi	ignorować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorowań	ignorować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ignorująca	ignorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ignorującą	ignorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ignorującego	ignorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ignorującego	ignorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorujące	ignorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorujące	ignorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ignorującej	ignorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ignorującemu	ignorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorując	ignorować	pcon:imperf		
ignorująco	ignorować	pacta		
ignorujących	ignorować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ignorujących	ignorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorujący	ignorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ignorujący	ignorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ignorujący	ignorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ignorującym	ignorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorującym	ignorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ignorującymi	ignorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ignorują	ignorować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ignorujcie	ignorować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ignorujecie	ignorować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ignoruje	ignorować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ignorujemy	ignorować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ignorujesz	ignorować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ignoruję	ignorować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ignoruj	ignorować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ignorujmy	ignorować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
igołomscy	igołomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igołomska	igołomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igołomską	igołomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igołomską	igołomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igołomskich	igołomski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igołomskich	igołomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomskich	igołomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomskiego	igołomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igołomskiego	igołomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igołomskie	igołomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomskie	igołomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomskie	igołomski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igołomskie	igołomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igołomskiej	igołomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igołomskiej	igołomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igołomskiej	igołomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igołomskiemu	igołomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igołomski	igołomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igołomski	igołomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igołomskim	igołomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomskim	igołomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igołomskim	igołomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igołomskimi	igołomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igołomsko	igołomski	adja		
igołomsku	igołomski	adjp		
igołomsko	igołomsko	adv:pos		
igołomskościach	igołomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskościami	igołomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskością	igołomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskości	igołomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskości	igołomskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskości	igołomskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskości	igołomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskości	igołomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskościom	igołomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskość	igołomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igołomskość	igołomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrach	igra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igra	igra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrami	igra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrą	igra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrę	igra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igr	igra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igro	igra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrom	igra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igry	igra	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igry	igra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrze	igra	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igracie	igrać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
igrać	igrać	inf:imperf		
igra	igrać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
igrająca	igrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
igrającą	igrać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
igrającego	igrać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
igrającego	igrać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igrające	igrać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igrające	igrać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
igrającej	igrać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
igrającemu	igrać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igrając	igrać	pcon:imperf		
igrająco	igrać	pacta		
igrających	igrać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
igrających	igrać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igrający	igrać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
igrający	igrać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
igrający	igrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
igrającym	igrać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igrającym	igrać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
igrającymi	igrać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
igrają	igrać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
igrajcie	igrać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
igraj	igrać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
igrajmy	igrać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
igraliby	igrać	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
igralibyście	igrać	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
igralibyśmy	igrać	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
igrali	igrać	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
igrali	igrać	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
igraliście	igrać	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
igraliśmy	igrać	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
igrałaby	igrać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
igrałabym	igrać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
igrałabyś	igrać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
igrała	igrać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
igrała	igrać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
igrałam	igrać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
igrałaś	igrać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
igrałby	igrać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
igrałbym	igrać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
igrałbyś	igrać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
igrałem	igrać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
igrałeś	igrać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
igrał	igrać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
igrał	igrać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
igrałoby	igrać	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
igrałobym	igrać	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
igrałobyś	igrać	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
igrało	igrać	praet:sg:n:imperf		
igrało	igrać	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
igrałom	igrać	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
igrałoś	igrać	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
igrałyby	igrać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
igrałybyście	igrać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
igrałybyśmy	igrać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
igrały	igrać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
igrały	igrać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
igrałyście	igrać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
igrałyśmy	igrać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
igram	igrać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
igramy	igrać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
igraniach	igrać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
igrania	igrać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
igrania	igrać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
igraniami	igrać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
igranie	igrać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
igraniem	igrać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
igraniom	igrać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
igraniu	igrać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
igrano	igrać	imps:imperf		
igrań	igrać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
igrasz	igrać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
igraszce	igraszka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszek	igraszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszkach	igraszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszka	igraszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszkami	igraszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszką	igraszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszkę	igraszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszki	igraszka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszki	igraszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszko	igraszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igraszkom	igraszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrcach	igrca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrca	igrca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcami	igrca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcą	igrca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrce	igrca	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcę	igrca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrco	igrca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcom	igrca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrców	igrca	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcy	igrca	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcy	igrca	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcy	igrca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcach	igrce	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcami	igrce	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrce	igrce	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcom	igrce	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrców	igrce	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrekach	igrek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igreka	igrek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrekami	igrek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrekiem	igrek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrek	igrek:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrek	igrek:s1	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
igreki	igrek:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrekom	igrek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrekowi	igrek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igreków	igrek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igreku	igrek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igreku	igrek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
igrekach	igrek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igreka	igrek:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrekami	igrek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrekiem	igrek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrek	igrek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igreki	igrek:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
igrekom	igrek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrekowie	igrek:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrekowi	igrek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igreków	igrek:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igreku	igrek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igreku	igrek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igrcach	igrzec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrca	igrzec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcami	igrzec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrce	igrzec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcem	igrzec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcom	igrzec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcowi	igrzec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrców	igrzec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcu	igrzec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcu	igrzec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcy	igrzec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrcze	igrzec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrzec	igrzec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igrzyskach	igrzyska	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyska	igrzyska	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskami	igrzyska	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igrzysk	igrzyska	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskom	igrzyska	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskach	igrzysko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyska	igrzysko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyska	igrzysko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyskami	igrzysko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyskiem	igrzysko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzysk	igrzysko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzysko	igrzysko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyskom	igrzysko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzysku	igrzysko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzysku	igrzysko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
igrzyskowościach	igrzyskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowościami	igrzyskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowością	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowości	igrzyskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowości	igrzyskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowości	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowości	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowości	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowościom	igrzyskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowość	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowość	igrzyskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
igrzyskowa	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
igrzyskową	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
igrzyskową	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
igrzyskowego	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
igrzyskowego	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igrzyskowe	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igrzyskowe	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igrzyskowe	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
igrzyskowe	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
igrzyskowej	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
igrzyskowej	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
igrzyskowej	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
igrzyskowemu	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igrzyskowi	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
igrzyskowo	igrzyskowy	adja		
igrzyskowych	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
igrzyskowych	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igrzyskowych	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igrzyskowy	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
igrzyskowy	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
igrzyskowym	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
igrzyskowym	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igrzyskowym	igrzyskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
igrzyskowymi	igrzyskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iguanach	iguana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguana	iguana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguanami	iguana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguaną	iguana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguanę	iguana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguanie	iguana	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguan	iguana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguano	iguana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguanom	iguana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguany	iguana	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguany	iguana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonach	iguanodon	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodona	iguanodon	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonami	iguanodon	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonem	iguanodon	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonie	iguanodon	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonie	iguanodon	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodon	iguanodon	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonom	iguanodon	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonowi	iguanodon	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonów	iguanodon	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodony	iguanodon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodoncie	iguanodont	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodoncie	iguanodont	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontach	iguanodont	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonta	iguanodont	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontami	iguanodont	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontem	iguanodont	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodont	iguanodont	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontom	iguanodont	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontowi	iguanodont	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodontów	iguanodont	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iguanodonty	iguanodont	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
igumenach	igumen	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumena	igumen	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenami	igumen	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenem	igumen	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenie	igumen	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenie	igumen	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumen	igumen	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumeni	igumen	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenom	igumen	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenowie	igumen	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenowi	igumen	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumenów	igumen	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
igumeny	igumen	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
igumeństwach	igumeństwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwa	igumeństwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwa	igumeństwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwami	igumeństwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwem	igumeństwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwie	igumeństwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństw	igumeństwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwo	igumeństwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwom	igumeństwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
igumeństwu	igumeństwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumenach	ihumen	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumena	ihumen	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenami	ihumen	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenem	ihumen	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenie	ihumen	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenie	ihumen	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumen	ihumen	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumeni	ihumen	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenom	ihumen	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenowie	ihumen	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenowi	ihumen	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumenów	ihumen	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ihumeny	ihumen	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ihumeństwach	ihumeństwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwa	ihumeństwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwa	ihumeństwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwami	ihumeństwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwem	ihumeństwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwie	ihumeństwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństw	ihumeństwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwo	ihumeństwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwom	ihumeństwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ihumeństwu	ihumeństwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ii	ii	interj		
i	i:i	interj		
iii	iii	interj		
i	i:j	conj		
ikariańscy	ikariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikariańska	ikariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikariańską	ikariański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikariańską	ikariański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikariańskich	ikariański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikariańskich	ikariański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskich	ikariański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskiego	ikariański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikariańskiego	ikariański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikariańskie	ikariański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskie	ikariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskie	ikariański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikariańskie	ikariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikariańskiej	ikariański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikariańskiej	ikariański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikariańskiej	ikariański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikariańskiemu	ikariański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikariański	ikariański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikariański	ikariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikariańskimi	ikariański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskim	ikariański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikariańskim	ikariański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikariańskim	ikariański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikariańsko	ikariański	adja		
ikariańsku	ikariański	adjp		
ikariańsko	ikariańsko	adv:pos		
ikariańskościach	ikariańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskościami	ikariańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskością	ikariańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskości	ikariańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskości	ikariańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskości	ikariańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskości	ikariańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskości	ikariańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskościom	ikariańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskość	ikariańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikariańskość	ikariańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowościach	ikarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowościami	ikarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowością	ikarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowości	ikarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowości	ikarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowości	ikarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowości	ikarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowości	ikarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowościom	ikarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowość	ikarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowość	ikarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikarowa	ikarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikarową	ikarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikarową	ikarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikarowego	ikarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikarowego	ikarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikarowe	ikarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowe	ikarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowe	ikarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikarowe	ikarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikarowej	ikarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikarowej	ikarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikarowej	ikarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikarowemu	ikarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikarowi	ikarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikarowo	ikarowy	adja		
ikarowych	ikarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikarowych	ikarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowych	ikarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowy	ikarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikarowy	ikarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikarowymi	ikarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowym	ikarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikarowym	ikarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikarowym	ikarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikarusach	ikarus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusach	ikarus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusa	ikarus	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusa	ikarus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusami	ikarus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusami	ikarus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusem	ikarus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusem	ikarus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusie	ikarus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusie	ikarus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusie	ikarus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusie	ikarus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarus	ikarus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarus	ikarus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusom	ikarus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusom	ikarus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusowi	ikarus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusowi	ikarus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusów	ikarus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusów	ikarus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusy	ikarus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikarusy	ikarus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmach	ikawizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmami	ikawizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmem	ikawizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmie	ikawizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmie	ikawizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizm	ikawizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmom	ikawizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmowi	ikawizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmów	ikawizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmu	ikawizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikawizmy	ikawizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikebanach	ikebana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebana	ikebana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebanami	ikebana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebaną	ikebana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebanę	ikebana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebanie	ikebana	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikeban	ikebana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebano	ikebana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebanom	ikebana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebany	ikebana	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikebany	ikebana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonach	ikona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikona	ikona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonami	ikona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoną	ikona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonę	ikona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonie	ikona	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikon	ikona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikono	ikona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonom	ikona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikony	ikona	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikony	ikona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonicznościach	ikoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonicznościami	ikoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonicznością	ikoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczności	ikoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczności	ikoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczności	ikoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczności	ikoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczności	ikoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonicznościom	ikoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczność	ikoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczność	ikoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikoniczna	ikoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikoniczną	ikoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikoniczną	ikoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikonicznego	ikoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikonicznego	ikoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikoniczne	ikoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikoniczne	ikoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikoniczne	ikoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikoniczne	ikoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikonicznej	ikoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikonicznej	ikoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikonicznej	ikoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikonicznemu	ikoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikoniczni	ikoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikoniczno	ikoniczny	adja		
ikonicznych	ikoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikonicznych	ikoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonicznych	ikoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikoniczny	ikoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikoniczny	ikoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikonicznymi	ikoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonicznym	ikoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonicznym	ikoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonicznym	ikoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonce	ikonka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonek	ikonka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonkach	ikonka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonka	ikonka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonkami	ikonka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonką	ikonka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonkę	ikonka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonki	ikonka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonki	ikonka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonko	ikonka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonkom	ikonka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcach	ikonoburca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburca	ikonoburca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcami	ikonoburca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcą	ikonoburca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburce	ikonoburca	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcę	ikonoburca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburco	ikonoburca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcom	ikonoburca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburców	ikonoburca	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcy	ikonoburca	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcy	ikonoburca	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoburcy	ikonoburca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoduliach	ikonodulia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulia	ikonodulia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoduliami	ikonodulia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulią	ikonodulia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulie	ikonodulia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulię	ikonodulia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulii	ikonodulia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ikonodulii	ikonodulia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulii	ikonodulia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonodulij	ikonodulia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ikonodulio	ikonodulia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoduliom	ikonodulia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografiach	ikonografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografia	ikonografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografiami	ikonografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografią	ikonografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografie	ikonografia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografię	ikonografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografii	ikonografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ikonografii	ikonografia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografii	ikonografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografij	ikonografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ikonografio	ikonografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonografiom	ikonografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficznościach	ikonograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficznościami	ikonograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficznością	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzności	ikonograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzności	ikonograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzności	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzności	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzności	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficznościom	ikonograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzność	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzność	ikonograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonograficzna	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikonograficzną	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikonograficzną	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikonograficznego	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikonograficznego	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonograficzne	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficzne	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficzne	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikonograficzne	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikonograficznej	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikonograficznej	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikonograficznej	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikonograficznemu	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonograficzni	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikonograficzno	ikonograficzny	adja		
ikonograficznych	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikonograficznych	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficznych	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficzny	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikonograficzny	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikonograficznymi	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficznym	ikonograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonograficznym	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonograficznym	ikonograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonoklastach	ikonoklasta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklasta	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklastami	ikonoklasta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklastą	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklastę	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklasto	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklastom	ikonoklasta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklastów	ikonoklasta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklasty	ikonoklasta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklasty	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklaście	ikonoklasta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklaści	ikonoklasta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmach	ikonoklazm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmami	ikonoklazm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmem	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmie	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmie	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazm	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmom	ikonoklazm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmowi	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmów	ikonoklazm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmu	ikonoklazm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoklazmy	ikonoklazm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatriach	ikonolatria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatria	ikonolatria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatriami	ikonolatria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrią	ikonolatria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrie	ikonolatria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrię	ikonolatria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrii	ikonolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ikonolatrii	ikonolatria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrii	ikonolatria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatrio	ikonolatria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatriom	ikonolatria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolatryj	ikonolatria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ikonolodzy	ikonolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologach	ikonolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologa	ikonolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologami	ikonolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiem	ikonolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologi	ikonolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikonolog	ikonolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologom	ikonolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologowie	ikonolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologowi	ikonolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologów	ikonolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologu	ikonolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologu	ikonolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiach	ikonologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologia	ikonologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiami	ikonologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologią	ikonologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologie	ikonologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologię	ikonologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologii	ikonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ikonologii	ikonologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologii	ikonologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologij	ikonologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ikonologio	ikonologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiom	ikonologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologicznościach	ikonologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologicznościami	ikonologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologicznością	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczności	ikonologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczności	ikonologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczności	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczności	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczności	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologicznościom	ikonologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczność	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczność	ikonologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonologiczna	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikonologiczną	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikonologiczną	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikonologicznego	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikonologicznego	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonologiczne	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologiczne	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologiczne	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikonologiczne	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikonologicznej	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikonologicznej	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikonologicznej	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikonologicznemu	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonologiczni	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikonologiczno	ikonologiczny	adja		
ikonologicznych	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikonologicznych	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologicznych	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologiczny	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikonologiczny	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikonologicznymi	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologicznym	ikonologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonologicznym	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonologicznym	ikonologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonometrach	ikonometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrami	ikonometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrem	ikonometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometr	ikonometr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrom	ikonometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrowi	ikonometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrów	ikonometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometru	ikonometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometry	ikonometr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrze	ikonometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonometrze	ikonometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopach	ikonoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopami	ikonoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopem	ikonoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopie	ikonoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopie	ikonoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskop	ikonoskop	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopom	ikonoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopowi	ikonoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopów	ikonoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopu	ikonoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonoskopy	ikonoskop	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasach	ikonostas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasami	ikonostas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasem	ikonostas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasie	ikonostas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasie	ikonostas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostas	ikonostas	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasom	ikonostas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasowi	ikonostas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasów	ikonostas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasu	ikonostas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonostasy	ikonostas	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowościach	ikonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowościami	ikonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowością	ikonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowości	ikonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowości	ikonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowości	ikonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowości	ikonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowości	ikonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowościom	ikonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowość	ikonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowość	ikonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikonowa	ikonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikonową	ikonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikonową	ikonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikonowego	ikonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikonowego	ikonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonowe	ikonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowe	ikonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowe	ikonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikonowe	ikonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikonowej	ikonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikonowej	ikonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikonowej	ikonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikonowemu	ikonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonowi	ikonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ikonowo	ikonowy	adja		
ikonowych	ikonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikonowych	ikonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowych	ikonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowy	ikonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ikonowy	ikonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikonowymi	ikonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowym	ikonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikonowym	ikonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikonowym	ikonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikrach	ikra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikra	ikra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrami	ikra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrą	ikra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrę	ikra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikr	ikra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikro	ikra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrom	ikra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikry	ikra	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikry	ikra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrze	ikra	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcach	ikrowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowca	ikrowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcami	ikrowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowce	ikrowiec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcem	ikrowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcom	ikrowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcowi	ikrowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowców	ikrowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcu	ikrowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowcu	ikrowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrowiec	ikrowiec	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzakach	ikrzak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzaka	ikrzak	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzakami	ikrzak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzakiem	ikrzak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzaki	ikrzak	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzak	ikrzak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzakom	ikrzak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzakowi	ikrzak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzaków	ikrzak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzaku	ikrzak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzaku	ikrzak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
ikrzycach	ikrzyca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyca	ikrzyca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycami	ikrzyca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycą	ikrzyca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyce	ikrzyca	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycę	ikrzyca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyc	ikrzyca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyco	ikrzyca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycom	ikrzyca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycy	ikrzyca	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzycy	ikrzyca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikrząca	ikrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ikrzącą	ikrzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ikrzącego	ikrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ikrzącego	ikrzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzące	ikrzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzące	ikrzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzącej	ikrzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ikrzącemu	ikrzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ikrząc	ikrzyć	pcon:imperf		
ikrząco	ikrzyć	pacta		
ikrzących	ikrzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ikrzących	ikrzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzący	ikrzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ikrzący	ikrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ikrzący	ikrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ikrzącymi	ikrzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzącym	ikrzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzącym	ikrzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ikrzą	ikrzyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ikrzeniach	ikrzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzenia	ikrzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzenia	ikrzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzeniami	ikrzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzenie	ikrzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzeniem	ikrzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzeniom	ikrzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzeniu	ikrzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzeń	ikrzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ikrzę	ikrzyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ikrzono	ikrzyć	imps:imperf		
ikrzycie	ikrzyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ikrzyć	ikrzyć	inf:imperf		
ikrzy	ikrzyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ikrzyjcie	ikrzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ikrzyj	ikrzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ikrzyjmy	ikrzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ikrzyliby	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ikrzylibyście	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ikrzylibyśmy	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ikrzyli	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ikrzyli	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ikrzyliście	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ikrzyliśmy	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłaby	ikrzyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłabym	ikrzyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłabyś	ikrzyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ikrzyła	ikrzyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ikrzyła	ikrzyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłam	ikrzyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłaś	ikrzyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ikrzyłby	ikrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłbym	ikrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłbyś	ikrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ikrzyłem	ikrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłeś	ikrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ikrzył	ikrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ikrzył	ikrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłoby	ikrzyć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłobym	ikrzyć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłobyś	ikrzyć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ikrzyło	ikrzyć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ikrzyło	ikrzyć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłom	ikrzyć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ikrzyłoś	ikrzyć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ikrzyłyby	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłybyście	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ikrzyłybyśmy	ikrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ikrzyły	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ikrzyły	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ikrzyłyście	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ikrzyłyśmy	ikrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ikrzymy	ikrzyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ikrzysz	ikrzyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ikrzyskach	ikrzysko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyska	ikrzysko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyska	ikrzysko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyskami	ikrzysko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyskiem	ikrzysko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzysk	ikrzysko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzysko	ikrzysko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzyskom	ikrzysko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzysku	ikrzysko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ikrzysku	ikrzysko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iksińska	iksińska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińska	iksińska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińską	iksińska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińską	iksińska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskich	iksińska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskich	iksińska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskie	iksińska	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskiej	iksińska	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskiej	iksińska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskimi	iksińska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskim	iksińska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksińscy	iksiński	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskich	iksiński	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskich	iksiński	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskiego	iksiński	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskie	iksiński	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskiemu	iksiński	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksiński	iksiński	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksiński	iksiński	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskimi	iksiński	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskim	iksiński	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskim	iksiński	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksińskim	iksiński	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksjach	iksja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksja	iksja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksjami	iksja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksją	iksja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksje	iksja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksję	iksja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksji	iksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iksji	iksja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksji	iksja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksjo	iksja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksjom	iksja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksyj	iksja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iksowatościach	iksowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatościami	iksowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatością	iksowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatości	iksowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatości	iksowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatości	iksowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatości	iksowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatości	iksowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatościom	iksowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatość	iksowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowatość	iksowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksowaci	iksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iksowata	iksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iksowatą	iksowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iksowatą	iksowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iksowatego	iksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iksowatego	iksowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iksowate	iksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowate	iksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowate	iksowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iksowate	iksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iksowatej	iksowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iksowatej	iksowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iksowatej	iksowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iksowatemu	iksowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iksowato	iksowaty	adja		
iksowatych	iksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iksowatych	iksowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowatych	iksowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowaty	iksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iksowaty	iksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iksowatymi	iksowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowatym	iksowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksowatym	iksowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iksowatym	iksowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iksach	iks:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksa	iks:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksami	iks:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksem	iks:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksie	iks:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksie	iks:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iks	iks:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iks	iks:s1	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iksom	iks:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksowi	iks:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksów	iks:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksy	iks:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iksach	iks:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksa	iks:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksami	iks:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksem	iks:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksie	iks:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksie	iks:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iks	iks:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksom	iks:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksowie	iks:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksowi	iks:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksów	iks:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iksy	iks:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ikstościach	ikstość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstościami	ikstość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstością	ikstość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstości	ikstość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstości	ikstość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstości	ikstość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstości	ikstość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstości	ikstość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstościom	ikstość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstość	ikstość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ikstość	ikstość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iksta	iksty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ikstą	iksty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ikstą	iksty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ikstego	iksty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ikstego	iksty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikste	iksty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikste	iksty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikste	iksty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ikste	iksty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ikstej	iksty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ikstej	iksty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ikstej	iksty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ikstemu	iksty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iksto	iksty	adja		
ikstych	iksty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ikstych	iksty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikstych	iksty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iksty	iksty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iksty	iksty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ikstymi	iksty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikstym	iksty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ikstym	iksty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikstym	iksty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ikści	iksty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iktusach	iktus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusa	iktus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusami	iktus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusem	iktus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusie	iktus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusie	iktus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktus	iktus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusom	iktus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusowi	iktus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusów	iktus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iktusy	iktus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilangach	ilang	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangami	ilang	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangiem	ilang	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangi	ilang	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilang	ilang	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangom	ilang	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangowi	ilang	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangów	ilang	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangu	ilang	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangu	ilang	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangu	ilang	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
ilangowościach	ilangowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowościami	ilangowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowością	ilangowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowości	ilangowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowości	ilangowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowości	ilangowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowości	ilangowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowości	ilangowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowościom	ilangowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowość	ilangowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowość	ilangowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilangowa	ilangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilangową	ilangowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilangową	ilangowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilangowego	ilangowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilangowego	ilangowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilangowe	ilangowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowe	ilangowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowe	ilangowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilangowe	ilangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilangowej	ilangowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilangowej	ilangowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilangowej	ilangowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilangowemu	ilangowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilangowi	ilangowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilangowo	ilangowy	adja		
ilangowych	ilangowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilangowych	ilangowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowych	ilangowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowy	ilangowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilangowy	ilangowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilangowymi	ilangowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowym	ilangowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilangowym	ilangowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilangowym	ilangowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilastościach	ilastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastościami	ilastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastością	ilastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastości	ilastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastości	ilastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastości	ilastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastości	ilastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastości	ilastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastościom	ilastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastość	ilastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilastość	ilastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilasta	ilasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilastą	ilasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilastą	ilasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilastego	ilasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilastego	ilasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilaste	ilasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilaste	ilasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilaste	ilasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilaste	ilasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilastej	ilasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilastej	ilasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilastej	ilasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilastemu	ilasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilasto	ilasty	adja		
ilastych	ilasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilastych	ilasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilastych	ilasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilasty	ilasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilasty	ilasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilastymi	ilasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilastym	ilasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilastym	ilasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilastym	ilasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilaści	ilasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ile	ile:d	adv		
ilekolwiek	ilekolwiek:n1	num:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:rec		
ilomakolwiek	ilekolwiek:n1	num:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		rzad.
ilukolwiek	ilekolwiek:n1	num:pl:acc:m1:rec		
ilukolwiek	ilekolwiek:n1	num:pl:gen.dat.inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		
ilukolwiek	ilekolwiek:n1	num:pl:nom.voc:m1:rec		
ilekolwiek	ilekolwiek:n2	num:sg:nom.gen.acc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:rec		rzad.
ilekroć	ilekroć	adv		przest.
ilekrotnie	ilekrotnie	adv:pos		daw.
ilekrotnościach	ilekrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotnościami	ilekrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotnością	ilekrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotności	ilekrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotności	ilekrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotności	ilekrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotności	ilekrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotności	ilekrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotnościom	ilekrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotność	ilekrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotność	ilekrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilekrotna	ilekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotną	ilekrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotną	ilekrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotnego	ilekrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ilekrotnego	ilekrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotne	ilekrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotne	ilekrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotne	ilekrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
ilekrotne	ilekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
ilekrotnej	ilekrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotnej	ilekrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotnej	ilekrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ilekrotnemu	ilekrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotni	ilekrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
ilekrotno	ilekrotny	adja		daw.
ilekrotnych	ilekrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
ilekrotnych	ilekrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotnych	ilekrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotny	ilekrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ilekrotny	ilekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ilekrotnymi	ilekrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotnym	ilekrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotnym	ilekrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
ilekrotnym	ilekrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
ile	ile:n1	num:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:rec		
ilo	ile:n1	numcomp		
iloma	ile:n1	num:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		
ilu	ile:n1	numcomp		
ilu	ile:n1	num:pl:acc:m1:rec		
ilu	ile:n1	num:pl:gen.dat.inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		
ilu	ile:n1	num:pl:nom.voc:m1:rec		
ile	ile:n2	num:sg:nom.gen.acc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:rec		rzad.
ileś	ileś:n1	num:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:rec		
ilomaś	ileś:n1	num:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		rzad.
iluś	ileś:n1	num:pl:acc:m1:rec		
iluś	ileś:n1	num:pl:gen.dat.inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		
iluś	ileś:n1	num:pl:nom.voc:m1:rec		
ileś	ileś:n2	num:sg:nom.gen.acc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:rec		rzad.
ileusach	ileus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusa	ileus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusami	ileus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusem	ileus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusie	ileus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusie	ileus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileus	ileus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusom	ileus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusowi	ileus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusów	ileus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileusy	ileus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ileż	ileż:n1	num:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:rec		
ilomaż	ileż:n1	num:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		rzad.
iluż	ileż:n1	num:pl:acc:m1:rec		
iluż	ileż:n1	num:pl:gen.dat.inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:congr		
iluż	ileż:n1	num:pl:nom.voc:m1:rec		
ileż	ileż:n2	num:sg:nom.gen.acc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:rec		rzad.
iliryjscy	iliryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iliryjska	iliryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iliryjską	iliryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iliryjską	iliryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iliryjskich	iliryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iliryjskich	iliryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskich	iliryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskiego	iliryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iliryjskiego	iliryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iliryjskie	iliryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskie	iliryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskie	iliryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iliryjskie	iliryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iliryjskiej	iliryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iliryjskiej	iliryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iliryjskiej	iliryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iliryjskiemu	iliryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iliryjski	iliryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iliryjski	iliryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iliryjskimi	iliryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskim	iliryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iliryjskim	iliryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iliryjskim	iliryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iliryjsko	iliryjski	adja		
iliryjsku	iliryjski	adjp		
iliryjsko	iliryjsko	adv:pos		
iliryjskościach	iliryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskościami	iliryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskością	iliryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskości	iliryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskości	iliryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskości	iliryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskości	iliryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskości	iliryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskościom	iliryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskość	iliryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iliryjskość	iliryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
illacjach	illacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacja	illacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacjami	illacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacją	illacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacje	illacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illację	illacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacji	illacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
illacji	illacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacji	illacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacjo	illacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacjom	illacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illacyj	illacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
illegalnościach	illegalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalnościami	illegalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalnością	illegalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalności	illegalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalności	illegalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalności	illegalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalności	illegalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalności	illegalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalnościom	illegalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalność	illegalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalność	illegalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
illegalna	illegalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
illegalną	illegalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
illegalną	illegalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
illegalnego	illegalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
illegalnego	illegalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
illegalne	illegalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalne	illegalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalne	illegalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
illegalne	illegalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
illegalnej	illegalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
illegalnej	illegalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
illegalnej	illegalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
illegalnemu	illegalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
illegalni	illegalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
illegalno	illegalny	adja		daw.
illegalnych	illegalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
illegalnych	illegalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalnych	illegalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalny	illegalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
illegalny	illegalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
illegalnymi	illegalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalnym	illegalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
illegalnym	illegalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
illegalnym	illegalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
illinojscy	illinojski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
illinojska	illinojski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
illinojską	illinojski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
illinojską	illinojski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
illinojskich	illinojski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
illinojskich	illinojski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskich	illinojski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskiego	illinojski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
illinojskiego	illinojski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
illinojskie	illinojski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskie	illinojski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskie	illinojski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
illinojskie	illinojski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
illinojskiej	illinojski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
illinojskiej	illinojski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
illinojskiej	illinojski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
illinojskiemu	illinojski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
illinojski	illinojski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
illinojski	illinojski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
illinojskimi	illinojski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskim	illinojski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
illinojskim	illinojski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
illinojskim	illinojski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
illinojsko	illinojski	adja		
illinojsku	illinojski	adjp		
illinojsko	illinojsko	adv:pos		
illinojskościach	illinojskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskościami	illinojskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskością	illinojskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskości	illinojskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskości	illinojskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskości	illinojskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskości	illinojskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskości	illinojskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskościom	illinojskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskość	illinojskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
illinojskość	illinojskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
illicie	illit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illicie	illit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitach	illit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitami	illit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitem	illit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illit	illit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitom	illit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitowi	illit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitów	illit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illitu	illit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
illity	illit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenicie	ilmenit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenicie	ilmenit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitach	ilmenit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitami	ilmenit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitem	ilmenit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenit	ilmenit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitom	ilmenit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowi	ilmenit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitów	ilmenit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitu	ilmenit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenity	ilmenit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowościach	ilmenitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowościami	ilmenitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowością	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowości	ilmenitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowości	ilmenitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowości	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowości	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowości	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowościom	ilmenitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowość	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowość	ilmenitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilmenitowa	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilmenitową	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilmenitową	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilmenitowego	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilmenitowego	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilmenitowe	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowe	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowe	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilmenitowe	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilmenitowej	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilmenitowej	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilmenitowej	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilmenitowemu	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilmenitowi	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilmenitowo	ilmenitowy	adja		
ilmenitowych	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilmenitowych	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowych	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowy	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilmenitowy	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilmenitowymi	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowym	ilmenitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilmenitowym	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilmenitowym	ilmenitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczasach	iloczas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasami	iloczas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasem	iloczas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasie	iloczas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasie	iloczas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczas	iloczas	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasom	iloczas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowi	iloczas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasów	iloczas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasu	iloczas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasy	iloczas	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowo	iloczasowo	adv:pos		
iloczasowościach	iloczasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowościami	iloczasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowością	iloczasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowości	iloczasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowości	iloczasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowości	iloczasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowości	iloczasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowości	iloczasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowościom	iloczasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowość	iloczasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowość	iloczasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczasowa	iloczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iloczasową	iloczasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iloczasową	iloczasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iloczasowego	iloczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iloczasowego	iloczasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczasowe	iloczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowe	iloczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowe	iloczasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iloczasowe	iloczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iloczasowej	iloczasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iloczasowej	iloczasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iloczasowej	iloczasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iloczasowemu	iloczasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczasowi	iloczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iloczasowo	iloczasowy	adja		
iloczasowych	iloczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iloczasowych	iloczasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowych	iloczasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowy	iloczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iloczasowy	iloczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iloczasowymi	iloczasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowym	iloczasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczasowym	iloczasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczasowym	iloczasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczynach	iloczyn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynami	iloczyn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynem	iloczyn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynie	iloczyn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynie	iloczyn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczyn	iloczyn	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynom	iloczyn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynowi	iloczyn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynów	iloczyn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynu	iloczyn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczyny	iloczyn	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloczynowościach	iloczynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowościami	iloczynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowością	iloczynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowości	iloczynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowości	iloczynowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowości	iloczynowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowości	iloczynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowości	iloczynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowościom	iloczynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowość	iloczynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowość	iloczynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloczynowa	iloczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iloczynową	iloczynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iloczynową	iloczynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iloczynowego	iloczynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iloczynowego	iloczynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczynowe	iloczynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowe	iloczynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowe	iloczynowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iloczynowe	iloczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iloczynowej	iloczynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iloczynowej	iloczynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iloczynowej	iloczynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iloczynowemu	iloczynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczynowi	iloczynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iloczynowo	iloczynowy	adja		
iloczynowych	iloczynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iloczynowych	iloczynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowych	iloczynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowy	iloczynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iloczynowy	iloczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iloczynowymi	iloczynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowym	iloczynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloczynowym	iloczynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloczynowym	iloczynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilokrotnie	ilokrotnie	adv:pos		
ilokrotnościach	ilokrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotnościami	ilokrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotnością	ilokrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotności	ilokrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotności	ilokrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotności	ilokrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotności	ilokrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotności	ilokrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotnościom	ilokrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotność	ilokrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotność	ilokrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilokrotna	ilokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilokrotną	ilokrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilokrotną	ilokrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilokrotnego	ilokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilokrotnego	ilokrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilokrotne	ilokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotne	ilokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotne	ilokrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilokrotne	ilokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilokrotnej	ilokrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilokrotnej	ilokrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilokrotnej	ilokrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilokrotnemu	ilokrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilokrotni	ilokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilokrotno	ilokrotny	adja		
ilokrotnych	ilokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilokrotnych	ilokrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotnych	ilokrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotny	ilokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilokrotny	ilokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilokrotnymi	ilokrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotnym	ilokrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilokrotnym	ilokrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilokrotnym	ilokrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloletnia	iloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iloletnią	iloletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iloletnią	iloletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iloletnich	iloletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iloletnich	iloletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletnich	iloletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletniego	iloletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iloletniego	iloletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloletnie	iloletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletnie	iloletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletnie	iloletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iloletnie	iloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iloletniej	iloletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iloletniej	iloletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iloletniej	iloletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iloletniemu	iloletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloletni	iloletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iloletni	iloletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iloletni	iloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iloletnimi	iloletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletnim	iloletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloletnim	iloletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloletnim	iloletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloletnio	iloletni	adja		
iloletniościach	iloletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniościami	iloletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniością	iloletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniości	iloletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniości	iloletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniości	iloletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniości	iloletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniości	iloletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniościom	iloletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniość	iloletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloletniość	iloletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowościach	ilometrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowościami	ilometrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowością	ilometrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowości	ilometrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowości	ilometrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowości	ilometrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowości	ilometrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowości	ilometrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowościom	ilometrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowość	ilometrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowość	ilometrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilometrowa	ilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilometrową	ilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilometrową	ilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilometrowego	ilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilometrowego	ilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilometrowe	ilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowe	ilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowe	ilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilometrowe	ilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilometrowej	ilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilometrowej	ilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilometrowej	ilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilometrowemu	ilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilometrowi	ilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilometrowo	ilometrowy	adja		
ilometrowych	ilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilometrowych	ilometrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowych	ilometrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowy	ilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilometrowy	ilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilometrowymi	ilometrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowym	ilometrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilometrowym	ilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilometrowym	ilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloprocentowościach	iloprocentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowościami	iloprocentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowością	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowości	iloprocentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowości	iloprocentowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowości	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowości	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowości	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowościom	iloprocentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowość	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowość	iloprocentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iloprocentowa	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iloprocentową	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iloprocentową	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iloprocentowego	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iloprocentowego	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloprocentowe	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowe	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowe	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iloprocentowe	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iloprocentowej	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iloprocentowej	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iloprocentowej	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iloprocentowemu	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloprocentowi	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iloprocentowo	iloprocentowy	adja		
iloprocentowych	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iloprocentowych	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowych	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowy	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iloprocentowy	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iloprocentowymi	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowym	iloprocentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iloprocentowym	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloprocentowym	iloprocentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloracy	iloraki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iloraka	iloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iloraką	iloraki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iloraką	iloraki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilorakich	iloraki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilorakich	iloraki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakich	iloraki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakiego	iloraki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilorakiego	iloraki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorakie	iloraki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakie	iloraki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakie	iloraki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilorakie	iloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilorakiej	iloraki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilorakiej	iloraki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilorakiej	iloraki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilorakiemu	iloraki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iloraki	iloraki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iloraki	iloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilorakimi	iloraki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakim	iloraki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorakim	iloraki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorakim	iloraki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorako	iloraki	adja		
ilorakościach	ilorakość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakościami	ilorakość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakością	ilorakość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakości	ilorakość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakości	ilorakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakości	ilorakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakości	ilorakość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakości	ilorakość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakościom	ilorakość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakość	ilorakość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorakość	ilorakość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazach	iloraz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazami	iloraz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazem	iloraz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazie	iloraz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazie	iloraz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
iloraz	iloraz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazom	iloraz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazowi	iloraz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazów	iloraz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazu	iloraz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazy	iloraz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
ilorazowościach	ilorazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowościami	ilorazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowością	ilorazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowości	ilorazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowości	ilorazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowości	ilorazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowości	ilorazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowości	ilorazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowościom	ilorazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowość	ilorazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowość	ilorazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilorazowa	ilorazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilorazową	ilorazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilorazową	ilorazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilorazowego	ilorazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilorazowego	ilorazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorazowe	ilorazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowe	ilorazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowe	ilorazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilorazowe	ilorazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilorazowej	ilorazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilorazowej	ilorazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilorazowej	ilorazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilorazowemu	ilorazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorazowi	ilorazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilorazowo	ilorazowy	adja		
ilorazowych	ilorazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilorazowych	ilorazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowych	ilorazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowy	ilorazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilorazowy	ilorazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilorazowymi	ilorazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowym	ilorazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilorazowym	ilorazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilorazowym	ilorazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilostanach	ilostan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanami	ilostan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanem	ilostan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanie	ilostan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanie	ilostan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostan	ilostan	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanom	ilostan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanowi	ilostan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanów	ilostan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostanu	ilostan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostany	ilostan	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowościach	ilostopniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowościami	ilostopniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowością	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowości	ilostopniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowości	ilostopniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowości	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowości	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowości	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowościom	ilostopniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowość	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowość	ilostopniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilostopniowa	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilostopniową	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilostopniową	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilostopniowego	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilostopniowego	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilostopniowe	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowe	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowe	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilostopniowe	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilostopniowej	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilostopniowej	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilostopniowej	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilostopniowemu	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilostopniowi	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilostopniowo	ilostopniowy	adja		
ilostopniowych	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilostopniowych	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowych	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowy	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilostopniowy	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilostopniowymi	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowym	ilostopniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilostopniowym	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilostopniowym	ilostopniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilościowo	ilościowo	adv:pos		
ilościowościach	ilościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowościami	ilościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowością	ilościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowości	ilościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowości	ilościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowości	ilościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowości	ilościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowości	ilościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowościom	ilościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowość	ilościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowość	ilościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościowa	ilościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilościową	ilościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilościową	ilościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilościowego	ilościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilościowego	ilościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilościowe	ilościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowe	ilościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowe	ilościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilościowe	ilościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilościowej	ilościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilościowej	ilościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilościowej	ilościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilościowemu	ilościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilościowi	ilościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilościowo	ilościowy	adja		
ilościowych	ilościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilościowych	ilościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowych	ilościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowy	ilościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilościowy	ilościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilościowymi	ilościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowym	ilościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilościowym	ilościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilościowym	ilościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilościach	ilość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościami	ilość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilością	ilość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilości	ilość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilości	ilość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilości	ilość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilości	ilość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilości	ilość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilościom	ilość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilość	ilość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilość	ilość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilocie	ilot	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilocie	ilot	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloci	ilot	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotach	ilot	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilota	ilot	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotami	ilot	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotem	ilot	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilot	ilot	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotom	ilot	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotowi	ilot	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotów	ilot	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloty	ilot	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilocie	ilota	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloci	ilota	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotach	ilota	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilota	ilota	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotami	ilota	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotą	ilota	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotę	ilota	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloto	ilota	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotom	ilota	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotów	ilota	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloty	ilota	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iloty	ilota	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmach	ilotyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmami	ilotyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmem	ilotyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmie	ilotyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmie	ilotyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzm	ilotyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmom	ilotyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmowi	ilotyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmów	ilotyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmu	ilotyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ilotyzmy	ilotyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iluletnia	iluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluletnią	iluletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluletnią	iluletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluletnich	iluletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluletnich	iluletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletnich	iluletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletniego	iluletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluletniego	iluletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluletnie	iluletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletnie	iluletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletnie	iluletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluletnie	iluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluletniej	iluletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluletniej	iluletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluletniej	iluletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluletniemu	iluletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluletni	iluletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluletni	iluletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluletni	iluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluletnimi	iluletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletnim	iluletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluletnim	iluletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluletnim	iluletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluletnio	iluletni	adja		
iluletniościach	iluletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniościami	iluletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniością	iluletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniości	iluletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniości	iluletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniości	iluletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniości	iluletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniości	iluletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniościom	iluletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniość	iluletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluletniość	iluletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowościach	ilumetrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowościami	ilumetrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowością	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowości	ilumetrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowości	ilumetrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowości	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowości	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowości	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowościom	ilumetrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowość	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowość	ilumetrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilumetrowa	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilumetrową	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilumetrową	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilumetrowego	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilumetrowego	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilumetrowe	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowe	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowe	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilumetrowe	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilumetrowej	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilumetrowej	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilumetrowej	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilumetrowemu	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilumetrowi	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilumetrowo	ilumetrowy	adja		
ilumetrowych	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilumetrowych	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowych	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowy	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilumetrowy	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilumetrowymi	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowym	ilumetrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilumetrowym	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilumetrowym	ilumetrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminacjach	iluminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacja	iluminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacjami	iluminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacją	iluminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacje	iluminacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminację	iluminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacji	iluminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iluminacji	iluminacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacji	iluminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacjo	iluminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacjom	iluminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyj	iluminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iluminacyjnościach	iluminacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjnościami	iluminacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjnością	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjności	iluminacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjności	iluminacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjności	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjności	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjności	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjnościom	iluminacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjność	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjność	iluminacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacyjna	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluminacyjną	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluminacyjną	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluminacyjnego	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluminacyjnego	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminacyjne	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjne	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjne	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluminacyjne	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluminacyjnej	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluminacyjnej	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluminacyjnej	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluminacyjnemu	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminacyjni	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluminacyjno	iluminacyjny	adja		
iluminacyjnych	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluminacyjnych	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjnych	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjny	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluminacyjny	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluminacyjnymi	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjnym	iluminacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminacyjnym	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminacyjnym	iluminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminacie	iluminat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminacie	iluminat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminaci	iluminat	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatach	iluminat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminata	iluminat	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatami	iluminat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatem	iluminat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminat	iluminat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatom	iluminat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatowi	iluminat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatów	iluminat	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminaty	iluminat	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorach	iluminator:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatora	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorami	iluminator:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorem	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminator	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorom	iluminator:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorowi	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorów	iluminator:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatory	iluminator:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorze	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorze	iluminator:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorzy	iluminator:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorach	iluminator:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatora	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorami	iluminator:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorem	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminator	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorom	iluminator:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorowi	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorów	iluminator:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatory	iluminator:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorze	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorze	iluminator:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorscy	iluminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluminatorska	iluminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluminatorską	iluminatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluminatorską	iluminatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluminatorskich	iluminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluminatorskich	iluminatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskich	iluminatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskiego	iluminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluminatorskiego	iluminatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminatorskie	iluminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskie	iluminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskie	iluminatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluminatorskie	iluminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluminatorskiej	iluminatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluminatorskiej	iluminatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluminatorskiej	iluminatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluminatorskiemu	iluminatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminatorski	iluminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluminatorski	iluminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluminatorskimi	iluminatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskim	iluminatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminatorskim	iluminatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminatorskim	iluminatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminatorsko	iluminatorski	adja		
iluminatorsku	iluminatorski	adjp		
iluminatorsko	iluminatorsko	adv:pos		
iluminatorskościach	iluminatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskościami	iluminatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskością	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskości	iluminatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskości	iluminatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskości	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskości	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskości	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskościom	iluminatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskość	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminatorskość	iluminatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmach	iluminizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmami	iluminizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmem	iluminizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmie	iluminizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmie	iluminizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizm	iluminizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmom	iluminizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmowi	iluminizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmów	iluminizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmu	iluminizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminizmy	iluminizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofonicznościach	iluminofoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofonicznościami	iluminofoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofonicznością	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczności	iluminofoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczności	iluminofoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczności	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczności	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczności	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofonicznościom	iluminofoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczność	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczność	iluminofoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluminofoniczna	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluminofoniczną	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluminofoniczną	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluminofonicznego	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluminofonicznego	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminofoniczne	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofoniczne	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofoniczne	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluminofoniczne	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluminofonicznej	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluminofonicznej	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluminofonicznej	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluminofonicznemu	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminofoniczni	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluminofoniczno	iluminofoniczny	adja		
iluminofonicznych	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluminofonicznych	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofonicznych	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofoniczny	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluminofoniczny	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluminofonicznymi	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofonicznym	iluminofoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluminofonicznym	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminofonicznym	iluminofoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluminować	iluminować	inf:imperf		
iluminowaliby	iluminować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iluminowalibyście	iluminować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iluminowalibyśmy	iluminować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iluminowali	iluminować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iluminowali	iluminować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iluminowaliście	iluminować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iluminowaliśmy	iluminować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iluminowałaby	iluminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iluminowałabym	iluminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iluminowałabyś	iluminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iluminowała	iluminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iluminowała	iluminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iluminowałam	iluminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iluminowałaś	iluminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iluminowałby	iluminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iluminowałbym	iluminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iluminowałbyś	iluminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iluminowałem	iluminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iluminowałeś	iluminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iluminował	iluminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iluminował	iluminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iluminowałoby	iluminować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iluminowałobym	iluminować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iluminowałobyś	iluminować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iluminowało	iluminować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iluminowało	iluminować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iluminowałom	iluminować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iluminowałoś	iluminować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iluminowałyby	iluminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iluminowałybyście	iluminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iluminowałybyśmy	iluminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iluminowały	iluminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iluminowały	iluminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iluminowałyście	iluminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iluminowałyśmy	iluminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iluminowana	iluminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iluminowaną	iluminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iluminowanego	iluminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iluminowanego	iluminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowane	iluminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowane	iluminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowanej	iluminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iluminowanemu	iluminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowaniach	iluminować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowania	iluminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowania	iluminować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowaniami	iluminować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowanie	iluminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowaniem	iluminować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowani	iluminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iluminowaniom	iluminować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowaniu	iluminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminowano	iluminować	imps:imperf		
iluminowanych	iluminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iluminowanych	iluminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowany	iluminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iluminowany	iluminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iluminowanymi	iluminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowanym	iluminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowanym	iluminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminowań	iluminować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iluminująca	iluminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iluminującą	iluminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iluminującego	iluminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iluminującego	iluminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminujące	iluminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminujące	iluminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iluminującej	iluminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iluminującemu	iluminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminując	iluminować	pcon:imperf		
iluminująco	iluminować	pacta		
iluminujących	iluminować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iluminujących	iluminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminujący	iluminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iluminujący	iluminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iluminujący	iluminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iluminującymi	iluminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminującym	iluminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iluminującym	iluminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iluminują	iluminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iluminujcie	iluminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iluminujecie	iluminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iluminuje	iluminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iluminujemy	iluminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iluminujesz	iluminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iluminuję	iluminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iluminuj	iluminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iluminujmy	iluminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iluprocentowościach	iluprocentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowościami	iluprocentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowością	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowości	iluprocentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowości	iluprocentowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowości	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowości	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowości	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowościom	iluprocentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowość	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowość	iluprocentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluprocentowa	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluprocentową	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluprocentową	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluprocentowego	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluprocentowego	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluprocentowe	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowe	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowe	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluprocentowe	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluprocentowej	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluprocentowej	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluprocentowej	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluprocentowemu	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluprocentowi	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluprocentowo	iluprocentowy	adja		
iluprocentowych	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluprocentowych	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowych	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowy	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluprocentowy	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluprocentowymi	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowym	iluprocentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluprocentowym	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluprocentowym	iluprocentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustopniowościach	ilustopniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowościami	ilustopniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowością	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowości	ilustopniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowości	ilustopniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowości	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowości	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowości	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowościom	ilustopniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowość	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowość	ilustopniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustopniowa	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilustopniową	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilustopniową	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilustopniowego	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilustopniowego	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustopniowe	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowe	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowe	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilustopniowe	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilustopniowej	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilustopniowej	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilustopniowej	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilustopniowemu	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustopniowi	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilustopniowo	ilustopniowy	adja		
ilustopniowych	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilustopniowych	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowych	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowy	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilustopniowy	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilustopniowymi	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowym	ilustopniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustopniowym	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustopniowym	ilustopniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustracjach	ilustracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracja	ilustracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracjami	ilustracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracją	ilustracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracje	ilustracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustrację	ilustracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracji	ilustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ilustracji	ilustracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracji	ilustracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracjo	ilustracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracjom	ilustracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyj	ilustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ilustracyjce	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjek	ilustracyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjkach	ilustracyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjka	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjkami	ilustracyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjką	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjkę	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjki	ilustracyjka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjki	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjko	ilustracyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjkom	ilustracyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjnie	ilustracyjnie	adv:pos		
ilustracyjnościach	ilustracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjnościami	ilustracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjnością	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjności	ilustracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjności	ilustracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjności	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjności	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjności	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjnościom	ilustracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjność	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjność	ilustracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustracyjna	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilustracyjną	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilustracyjną	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilustracyjnego	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilustracyjnego	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustracyjne	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjne	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjne	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilustracyjne	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilustracyjnej	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilustracyjnej	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilustracyjnej	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilustracyjnemu	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustracyjni	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilustracyjno	ilustracyjny	adja		
ilustracyjnych	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilustracyjnych	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjnych	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjny	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilustracyjny	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilustracyjnymi	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjnym	ilustracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustracyjnym	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustracyjnym	ilustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratorach	ilustrator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratora	ilustrator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorami	ilustrator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorem	ilustrator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustrator	ilustrator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorom	ilustrator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorowi	ilustrator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorów	ilustrator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratory	ilustrator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorze	ilustrator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorze	ilustrator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorzy	ilustrator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorce	ilustratorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorek	ilustratorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorkach	ilustratorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorka	ilustratorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorkami	ilustratorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorką	ilustratorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorkę	ilustratorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorki	ilustratorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorki	ilustratorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorko	ilustratorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorkom	ilustratorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorscy	ilustratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilustratorska	ilustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilustratorską	ilustratorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilustratorską	ilustratorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilustratorskich	ilustratorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilustratorskich	ilustratorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskich	ilustratorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskiego	ilustratorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilustratorskiego	ilustratorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratorskie	ilustratorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskie	ilustratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskie	ilustratorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilustratorskie	ilustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilustratorskiej	ilustratorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilustratorskiej	ilustratorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilustratorskiej	ilustratorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilustratorskiemu	ilustratorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratorski	ilustratorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilustratorski	ilustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilustratorskimi	ilustratorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskim	ilustratorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratorskim	ilustratorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratorskim	ilustratorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratorsko	ilustratorski	adja		
ilustratorsku	ilustratorski	adjp		
ilustratorsko	ilustratorsko	adv:pos		
ilustratorskościach	ilustratorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskościami	ilustratorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskością	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskości	ilustratorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskości	ilustratorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskości	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskości	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskości	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskościom	ilustratorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskość	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorskość	ilustratorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwach	ilustratorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwa	ilustratorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwa	ilustratorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwami	ilustratorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwem	ilustratorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwie	ilustratorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstw	ilustratorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwo	ilustratorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwom	ilustratorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratorstwu	ilustratorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywnościach	ilustratywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywnościami	ilustratywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywnością	ilustratywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywności	ilustratywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywności	ilustratywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywności	ilustratywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywności	ilustratywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywności	ilustratywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywnościom	ilustratywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywność	ilustratywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywność	ilustratywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ilustratywna	ilustratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ilustratywną	ilustratywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ilustratywną	ilustratywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ilustratywnego	ilustratywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ilustratywnego	ilustratywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratywne	ilustratywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywne	ilustratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywne	ilustratywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ilustratywne	ilustratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ilustratywnej	ilustratywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ilustratywnej	ilustratywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ilustratywnej	ilustratywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ilustratywnemu	ilustratywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratywni	ilustratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ilustratywno	ilustratywny	adja		
ilustratywnych	ilustratywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ilustratywnych	ilustratywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywnych	ilustratywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywny	ilustratywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ilustratywny	ilustratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ilustratywnymi	ilustratywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywnym	ilustratywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ilustratywnym	ilustratywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustratywnym	ilustratywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ilustrować	ilustrować	inf:imperf		
ilustrowaliby	ilustrować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ilustrowalibyście	ilustrować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ilustrowalibyśmy	ilustrować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ilustrowali	ilustrować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ilustrowali	ilustrować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ilustrowaliście	ilustrować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ilustrowaliśmy	ilustrować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałaby	ilustrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałabym	ilustrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałabyś	ilustrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ilustrowała	ilustrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ilustrowała	ilustrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałam	ilustrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałaś	ilustrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ilustrowałby	ilustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałbym	ilustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałbyś	ilustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ilustrowałem	ilustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałeś	ilustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ilustrował	ilustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ilustrował	ilustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałoby	ilustrować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałobym	ilustrować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałobyś	ilustrować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ilustrowało	ilustrować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ilustrowało	ilustrować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałom	ilustrować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ilustrowałoś	ilustrować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ilustrowałyby	ilustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałybyście	ilustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ilustrowałybyśmy	ilustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ilustrowały	ilustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ilustrowały	ilustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ilustrowałyście	ilustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ilustrowałyśmy	ilustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ilustrowana	ilustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaną	ilustrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanego	ilustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanego	ilustrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowane	ilustrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowane	ilustrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanej	ilustrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanemu	ilustrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaniach	ilustrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowania	ilustrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowania	ilustrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaniami	ilustrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanie	ilustrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaniem	ilustrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowani	ilustrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaniom	ilustrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowaniu	ilustrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowano	ilustrować	imps:imperf		
ilustrowanych	ilustrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanych	ilustrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowany	ilustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ilustrowany	ilustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanymi	ilustrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanym	ilustrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowanym	ilustrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrowań	ilustrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrująca	ilustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrującą	ilustrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrującego	ilustrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ilustrującego	ilustrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrujące	ilustrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrujące	ilustrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ilustrującej	ilustrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ilustrującemu	ilustrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrując	ilustrować	pcon:imperf		
ilustrująco	ilustrować	pacta		
ilustrujących	ilustrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ilustrujących	ilustrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrujący	ilustrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ilustrujący	ilustrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ilustrujący	ilustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ilustrującymi	ilustrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrującym	ilustrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrującym	ilustrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ilustrują	ilustrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ilustrujcie	ilustrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ilustrujecie	ilustrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ilustruje	ilustrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ilustrujemy	ilustrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ilustrujesz	ilustrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ilustruję	ilustrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ilustruj	ilustrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ilustrujmy	ilustrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iluwialnościach	iluwialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialnościami	iluwialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialnością	iluwialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialności	iluwialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialności	iluwialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialności	iluwialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialności	iluwialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialności	iluwialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialnościom	iluwialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialność	iluwialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialność	iluwialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluwialna	iluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluwialną	iluwialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluwialną	iluwialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluwialnego	iluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluwialnego	iluwialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluwialne	iluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialne	iluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialne	iluwialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluwialne	iluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluwialnej	iluwialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluwialnej	iluwialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluwialnej	iluwialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluwialnemu	iluwialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluwialni	iluwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluwialno	iluwialny	adja		
iluwialnych	iluwialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluwialnych	iluwialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialnych	iluwialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialny	iluwialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluwialny	iluwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluwialnymi	iluwialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialnym	iluwialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluwialnym	iluwialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluwialnym	iluwialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluwiach	iluwium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwia	iluwium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwiami	iluwium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwiom	iluwium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwiów	iluwium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwium	iluwium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwium	iluwium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwium	iluwium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwium	iluwium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluwium	iluwium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjach	iluzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzja	iluzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjami	iluzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzją	iluzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzje	iluzja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzję	iluzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzji	iluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iluzji	iluzja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzji	iluzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjo	iluzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjom	iluzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyj	iluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iluzjonach	iluzjon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonami	iluzjon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonem	iluzjon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonie	iluzjon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonie	iluzjon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjon	iluzjon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonom	iluzjon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonowi	iluzjon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonów	iluzjon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonu	iluzjon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjony	iluzjon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjonistach	iluzjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonista	iluzjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistami	iluzjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistą	iluzjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistę	iluzjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonisto	iluzjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistom	iluzjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistów	iluzjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonisty	iluzjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonisty	iluzjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjoniście	iluzjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjoniści	iluzjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistce	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistek	iluzjonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistkach	iluzjonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistka	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistkami	iluzjonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistką	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistkę	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistki	iluzjonistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistki	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistko	iluzjonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistkom	iluzjonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistycznościach	iluzjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistycznościami	iluzjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistycznością	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczności	iluzjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczności	iluzjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczności	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczności	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczności	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistycznościom	iluzjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczność	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczność	iluzjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonistyczna	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluzjonistyczną	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluzjonistyczną	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluzjonistycznego	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluzjonistycznego	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzjonistyczne	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistyczne	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistyczne	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluzjonistyczne	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluzjonistycznej	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluzjonistycznej	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluzjonistycznej	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluzjonistycznemu	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzjonistyczni	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluzjonistyczno	iluzjonistyczny	adja		
iluzjonistycznych	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluzjonistycznych	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistycznych	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistyczny	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluzjonistyczny	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluzjonistycznymi	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistycznym	iluzjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzjonistycznym	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzjonistycznym	iluzjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzjonizmach	iluzjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmami	iluzjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmem	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmie	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmie	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizm	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmom	iluzjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmowi	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmów	iluzjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmu	iluzjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjonizmy	iluzjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iluzjowościach	iluzjowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowościami	iluzjowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowością	iluzjowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowości	iluzjowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowości	iluzjowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowości	iluzjowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowości	iluzjowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowości	iluzjowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowościom	iluzjowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowość	iluzjowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowość	iluzjowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
iluzjowa	iluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
iluzjową	iluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
iluzjową	iluzjowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
iluzjowego	iluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
iluzjowego	iluzjowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowe	iluzjowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowe	iluzjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowe	iluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
iluzjowe	iluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
iluzjowej	iluzjowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
iluzjowej	iluzjowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
iluzjowej	iluzjowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
iluzjowemu	iluzjowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowi	iluzjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
iluzjowo	iluzjowy	adja		przest.
iluzjowych	iluzjowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
iluzjowych	iluzjowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowych	iluzjowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowy	iluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
iluzjowy	iluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
iluzjowymi	iluzjowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowym	iluzjowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowym	iluzjowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
iluzjowym	iluzjowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
iluzorycznie	iluzorycznie	adv:pos		
iluzorycznościach	iluzoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzorycznościami	iluzoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzorycznością	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczności	iluzoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczności	iluzoryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczności	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczności	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczności	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzorycznościom	iluzoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczność	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczność	iluzoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzoryczna	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluzoryczną	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluzoryczną	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluzorycznego	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluzorycznego	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzoryczne	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzoryczne	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzoryczne	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluzoryczne	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluzorycznej	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluzorycznej	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluzorycznej	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluzorycznemu	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzoryczni	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluzoryczno	iluzoryczny	adja		
iluzorycznych	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluzorycznych	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzorycznych	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzoryczny	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluzoryczny	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluzorycznymi	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzorycznym	iluzoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzorycznym	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzorycznym	iluzoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzyjnie	iluzyjnie	adv:pos		
iluzyjnościach	iluzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjnościami	iluzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjnością	iluzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjności	iluzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjności	iluzyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjności	iluzyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjności	iluzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjności	iluzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjnościom	iluzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjność	iluzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjność	iluzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iluzyjna	iluzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iluzyjną	iluzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iluzyjną	iluzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iluzyjnego	iluzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iluzyjnego	iluzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzyjne	iluzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjne	iluzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjne	iluzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iluzyjne	iluzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iluzyjnej	iluzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iluzyjnej	iluzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iluzyjnej	iluzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iluzyjnemu	iluzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzyjni	iluzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iluzyjno	iluzyjny	adja		
iluzyjnych	iluzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iluzyjnych	iluzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjnych	iluzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjny	iluzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iluzyjny	iluzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iluzyjnymi	iluzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjnym	iluzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iluzyjnym	iluzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iluzyjnym	iluzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławeccy	iławecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iławecka	iławecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iławecką	iławecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iławecką	iławecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iławeckich	iławecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iławeckich	iławecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckich	iławecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckiego	iławecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iławeckiego	iławecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławeckie	iławecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckie	iławecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckie	iławecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iławeckie	iławecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iławeckiej	iławecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iławeckiej	iławecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iławeckiej	iławecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iławeckiemu	iławecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławecki	iławecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iławecki	iławecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iławeckimi	iławecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckim	iławecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławeckim	iławecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławeckim	iławecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławecko	iławecki	adja		
iławecku	iławecki	adjp		
iławecko	iławecko	adv:pos		
iławeckościach	iławeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckościami	iławeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckością	iławeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckości	iławeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckości	iławeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckości	iławeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckości	iławeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckości	iławeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckościom	iławeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckość	iławeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławeckość	iławeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławscy	iławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iławska	iławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iławską	iławski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iławską	iławski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iławskich	iławski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iławskich	iławski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskich	iławski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskiego	iławski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iławskiego	iławski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławskie	iławski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskie	iławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskie	iławski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iławskie	iławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iławskiej	iławski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iławskiej	iławski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iławskiej	iławski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iławskiemu	iławski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławski	iławski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iławski	iławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iławskimi	iławski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskim	iławski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iławskim	iławski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławskim	iławski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iławsko	iławski	adja		
iławsku	iławski	adjp		
iławsko	iławsko	adv:pos		
iławskościach	iławskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskościami	iławskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskością	iławskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskości	iławskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskości	iławskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskości	iławskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskości	iławskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskości	iławskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskościom	iławskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskość	iławskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iławskość	iławskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupek	iłołupek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupkach	iłołupek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupka	iłołupek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupkami	iłołupek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupkiem	iłołupek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupki	iłołupek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupkom	iłołupek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupkowi	iłołupek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupków	iłołupek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupku	iłołupek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłołupku	iłołupek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowaceniach	iłowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowacenia	iłowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowacenia	iłowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaceniami	iłowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iłowacenie	iłowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaceniem	iłowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaceniom	iłowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaceniu	iłowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaceń	iłowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciałaby	iłowacieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałabym	iłowacieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałabyś	iłowacieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iłowaciała	iłowacieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iłowaciała	iłowacieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałam	iłowacieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałaś	iłowacieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iłowaciałby	iłowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałbym	iłowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałbyś	iłowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iłowaciałem	iłowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałeś	iłowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iłowaciał	iłowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iłowaciał	iłowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałoby	iłowacieć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałobym	iłowacieć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałobyś	iłowacieć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iłowaciało	iłowacieć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iłowaciało	iłowacieć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałom	iłowacieć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iłowaciałoś	iłowacieć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iłowaciałyby	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałybyście	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iłowaciałybyśmy	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iłowaciały	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iłowaciały	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iłowaciałyście	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iłowaciałyśmy	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iłowaciano	iłowacieć	imps:imperf		
iłowacieć	iłowacieć	inf:imperf		
iłowaciejąca	iłowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącą	iłowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącego	iłowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącego	iłowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejące	iłowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejące	iłowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącej	iłowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącemu	iłowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejąc	iłowacieć	pcon:imperf		
iłowaciejąco	iłowacieć	pacta		
iłowaciejących	iłowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejących	iłowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejący	iłowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejący	iłowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejący	iłowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącymi	iłowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącym	iłowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaciejącym	iłowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowacieją	iłowacieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iłowaciejcie	iłowacieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iłowaciejecie	iłowacieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iłowacieje	iłowacieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iłowaciejemy	iłowacieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iłowaciejesz	iłowacieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iłowacieję	iłowacieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iłowaciej	iłowacieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iłowaciejmy	iłowacieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iłowacieliby	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iłowacielibyście	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iłowacielibyśmy	iłowacieć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iłowacieli	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iłowacieli	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iłowacieliście	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iłowacieliśmy	iłowacieć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iłować	iłować	inf:imperf		
iłowaliby	iłować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iłowalibyście	iłować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iłowalibyśmy	iłować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iłowali	iłować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iłowali	iłować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iłowaliście	iłować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iłowaliśmy	iłować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iłowałaby	iłować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iłowałabym	iłować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iłowałabyś	iłować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iłowała	iłować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iłowała	iłować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iłowałam	iłować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iłowałaś	iłować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iłowałby	iłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iłowałbym	iłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iłowałbyś	iłować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iłowałem	iłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iłowałeś	iłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iłował	iłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iłował	iłować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iłowałoby	iłować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iłowałobym	iłować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iłowałobyś	iłować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iłowało	iłować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iłowało	iłować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iłowałom	iłować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iłowałoś	iłować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iłowałyby	iłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iłowałybyście	iłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iłowałybyśmy	iłować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iłowały	iłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iłowały	iłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iłowałyście	iłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iłowałyśmy	iłować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iłowana	iłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iłowaną	iłować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iłowanego	iłować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iłowanego	iłować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowane	iłować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowane	iłować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowanej	iłować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iłowanemu	iłować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowaniach	iłować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowania	iłować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowania	iłować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaniami	iłować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iłowanie	iłować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaniem	iłować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iłowani	iłować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłowaniom	iłować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iłowaniu	iłować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iłowano	iłować	imps:imperf		
iłowanych	iłować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłowanych	iłować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowany	iłować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iłowany	iłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iłowanymi	iłować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowanym	iłować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłowanym	iłować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłowań	iłować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iłująca	iłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iłującą	iłować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iłującego	iłować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iłującego	iłować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłujące	iłować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłujące	iłować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iłującej	iłować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iłującemu	iłować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłując	iłować	pcon:imperf		
iłująco	iłować	pacta		
iłujących	iłować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłujących	iłować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłujący	iłować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iłujący	iłować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iłujący	iłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iłującymi	iłować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłującym	iłować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iłującym	iłować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iłują	iłować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iłujcie	iłować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iłujecie	iłować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iłuje	iłować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iłujemy	iłować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iłujesz	iłować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iłuję	iłować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iłuj	iłować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iłujmy	iłować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iłowatościach	iłowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatościami	iłowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatością	iłowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatości	iłowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatości	iłowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatości	iłowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatości	iłowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatości	iłowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatościom	iłowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatość	iłowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowatość	iłowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowaci	iłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iłowata	iłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iłowatą	iłowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iłowatą	iłowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iłowatego	iłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iłowatego	iłowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowate	iłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowate	iłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowate	iłowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iłowate	iłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iłowatej	iłowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iłowatej	iłowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iłowatej	iłowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iłowatemu	iłowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowato	iłowaty	adja		
iłowatych	iłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iłowatych	iłowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowatych	iłowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowaty	iłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iłowaty	iłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iłowatymi	iłowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowatym	iłowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowatym	iłowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowatym	iłowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowcach	iłowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowca	iłowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcami	iłowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowce	iłowiec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcem	iłowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcom	iłowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcowi	iłowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowców	iłowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcu	iłowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowcu	iłowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowiec	iłowiec	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowościach	iłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowościami	iłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowością	iłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowości	iłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowości	iłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowości	iłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowości	iłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowości	iłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowościom	iłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowość	iłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowość	iłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowscy	iłowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iłowska	iłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iłowską	iłowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iłowską	iłowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iłowskich	iłowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iłowskich	iłowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskich	iłowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskiego	iłowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iłowskiego	iłowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowskie	iłowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskie	iłowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskie	iłowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iłowskie	iłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iłowskiej	iłowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iłowskiej	iłowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iłowskiej	iłowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iłowskiemu	iłowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowski	iłowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iłowski	iłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iłowskimi	iłowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskim	iłowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowskim	iłowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowskim	iłowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowsko	iłowski	adja		
iłowsku	iłowski	adjp		
iłowsko	iłowsko	adv:pos		
iłowskościach	iłowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskościami	iłowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskością	iłowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskości	iłowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskości	iłowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskości	iłowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskości	iłowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskości	iłowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskościom	iłowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskość	iłowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowskość	iłowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłowa	iłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iłową	iłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iłową	iłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iłowego	iłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iłowego	iłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowe	iłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowe	iłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowe	iłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iłowe	iłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iłowej	iłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iłowej	iłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iłowej	iłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iłowemu	iłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowi	iłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iłowo	iłowy	adja		
iłowych	iłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iłowych	iłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowych	iłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowy	iłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iłowy	iłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iłowymi	iłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowym	iłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłowym	iłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłowym	iłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ile	ił:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
ile	ił:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłach	ił:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłami	ił:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłem	ił:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
ił	ił:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłom	ił:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłowi	ił:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłów	ił:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iłu	ił:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
iły	ił:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
ile	ił:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ile	ił:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ile	ił:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ile	ił:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłach	ił:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłach	ił:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iła	ił:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iła	ił:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłami	ił:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłami	ił:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłem	ił:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłem	ił:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ił	ił:s2	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ił	ił:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłom	ił:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłom	ił:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłowi	ił:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłowi	ił:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłów	ił:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iłów	ił:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iły	ił:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iły	ił:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeccy	iłżecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iłżecka	iłżecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iłżecką	iłżecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iłżecką	iłżecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iłżeckich	iłżecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iłżeckich	iłżecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckich	iłżecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckiego	iłżecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iłżeckiego	iłżecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłżeckie	iłżecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckie	iłżecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckie	iłżecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iłżeckie	iłżecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iłżeckiej	iłżecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iłżeckiej	iłżecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iłżeckiej	iłżecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iłżeckiemu	iłżecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłżecki	iłżecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iłżecki	iłżecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iłżeckimi	iłżecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckim	iłżecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iłżeckim	iłżecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłżeckim	iłżecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iłżecko	iłżecki	adja		
iłżecku	iłżecki	adjp		
iłżecko	iłżecko	adv:pos		
iłżeckościach	iłżeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckościami	iłżeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckością	iłżeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckości	iłżeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckości	iłżeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckości	iłżeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckości	iłżeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckości	iłżeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckościom	iłżeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckość	iłżeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iłżeckość	iłżeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
im	im	comp		
imaczach	imacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczach	imacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imacza	imacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imacza	imacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczami	imacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczami	imacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imacze	imacz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imacze	imacz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczem	imacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczem	imacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imacz	imacz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imacz	imacz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczom	imacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczom	imacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczowi	imacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczowi	imacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczów	imacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczu	imacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczu	imacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczu	imacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaczu	imacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
imaczy	imacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imacie	imać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imać	imać	inf:imperf		
ima	imać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
imająca	imać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imającą	imać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imającego	imać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imającego	imać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imające	imać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imające	imać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imającej	imać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imającemu	imać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imając	imać	pcon:imperf		
imająco	imać	pacta		
imających	imać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imających	imać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imający	imać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imający	imać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imający	imać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imającymi	imać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imającym	imać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imającym	imać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imają	imać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
imajcie	imać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
imaj	imać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
imajmy	imać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
imaliby	imać	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imalibyście	imać	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imalibyśmy	imać	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imali	imać	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
imali	imać	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imaliście	imać	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imaliśmy	imać	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imałaby	imać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imałabym	imać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imałabyś	imać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imała	imać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
imała	imać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imałam	imać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imałaś	imać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imałby	imać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imałbym	imać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imałbyś	imać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imałem	imać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imałeś	imać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imał	imać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
imał	imać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imałoby	imać	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imałobym	imać	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imałobyś	imać	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imało	imać	praet:sg:n:imperf		
imało	imać	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imałom	imać	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imałoś	imać	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imałyby	imać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imałybyście	imać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imałybyśmy	imać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imały	imać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
imały	imać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imałyście	imać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imałyśmy	imać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imam	imać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imamy	imać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
imaniach	imać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imania	imać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imania	imać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imaniami	imać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imanie	imać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imaniem	imać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imaniom	imać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imaniu	imać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imano	imać	imps:imperf		
imań	imać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imasz	imać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imadełek	imadełko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełkach	imadełko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełka	imadełko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełka	imadełko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełkami	imadełko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełkiem	imadełko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełko	imadełko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełkom	imadełko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełku	imadełko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadełku	imadełko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadeł	imadło	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadle	imadło	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadłach	imadło	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadła	imadło	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadła	imadło	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadłami	imadło	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadłem	imadło	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadło	imadło	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadłom	imadło	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imadłu	imadło	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
image’ach	image	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’ami	image	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’e	image	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’em	image	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image	image	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image	image	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’om	image	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’owi	image	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’ów	image	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’u	image	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’u	image	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
image’u	image	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacjach	imaginacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacja	imaginacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacjami	imaginacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacją	imaginacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacje	imaginacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginację	imaginacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacji	imaginacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imaginacji	imaginacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacji	imaginacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacjo	imaginacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacjom	imaginacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyj	imaginacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imaginacyjnie	imaginacyjnie	adv:pos		
imaginacyjnościach	imaginacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjnościami	imaginacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjnością	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjności	imaginacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjności	imaginacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjności	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjności	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjności	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjnościom	imaginacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjność	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjność	imaginacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginacyjna	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imaginacyjną	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imaginacyjną	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imaginacyjnego	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imaginacyjnego	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginacyjne	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjne	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjne	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imaginacyjne	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imaginacyjnej	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imaginacyjnej	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imaginacyjnej	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imaginacyjnemu	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginacyjni	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imaginacyjno	imaginacyjny	adja		
imaginacyjnych	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imaginacyjnych	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjnych	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjny	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imaginacyjny	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imaginacyjnymi	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjnym	imaginacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginacyjnym	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginacyjnym	imaginacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginatycy	imaginatyk	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatykach	imaginatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyka	imaginatyk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatykami	imaginatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatykiem	imaginatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyki	imaginatyk	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyk	imaginatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatykom	imaginatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatykowi	imaginatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyków	imaginatyk	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyku	imaginatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatyku	imaginatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywnościach	imaginatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywnościami	imaginatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywnością	imaginatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywności	imaginatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywności	imaginatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywności	imaginatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywności	imaginatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywności	imaginatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywnościom	imaginatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywność	imaginatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywność	imaginatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginatywna	imaginatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imaginatywną	imaginatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imaginatywną	imaginatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imaginatywnego	imaginatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imaginatywnego	imaginatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginatywne	imaginatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywne	imaginatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywne	imaginatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imaginatywne	imaginatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imaginatywnej	imaginatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imaginatywnej	imaginatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imaginatywnej	imaginatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imaginatywnemu	imaginatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginatywni	imaginatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imaginatywno	imaginatywny	adja		
imaginatywnych	imaginatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imaginatywnych	imaginatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywnych	imaginatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywny	imaginatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imaginatywny	imaginatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imaginatywnymi	imaginatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywnym	imaginatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginatywnym	imaginatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginatywnym	imaginatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginistach	imaginista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginista	imaginista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistami	imaginista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistą	imaginista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistę	imaginista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginisto	imaginista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistom	imaginista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistów	imaginista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginisty	imaginista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imaginisty	imaginista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginiście	imaginista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginiści	imaginista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistycznościach	imaginistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistycznościami	imaginistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistycznością	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczności	imaginistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczności	imaginistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczności	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczności	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczności	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistycznościom	imaginistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczność	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczność	imaginistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imaginistyczna	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imaginistyczną	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imaginistyczną	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imaginistycznego	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imaginistycznego	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginistyczne	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistyczne	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistyczne	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imaginistyczne	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imaginistycznej	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imaginistycznej	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imaginistycznej	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imaginistycznemu	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginistyczni	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imaginistyczno	imaginistyczny	adja		
imaginistycznych	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imaginistycznych	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistycznych	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistyczny	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imaginistyczny	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imaginistycznymi	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistycznym	imaginistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imaginistycznym	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginistycznym	imaginistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imaginizmach	imaginizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmami	imaginizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmem	imaginizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmie	imaginizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmie	imaginizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizm	imaginizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmom	imaginizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmowi	imaginizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmów	imaginizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmu	imaginizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginizmy	imaginizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaginować	imaginować	inf:imperf		
imaginowaliby	imaginować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imaginowalibyście	imaginować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imaginowalibyśmy	imaginować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imaginowali	imaginować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
imaginowali	imaginować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imaginowaliście	imaginować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imaginowaliśmy	imaginować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imaginowałaby	imaginować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imaginowałabym	imaginować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imaginowałabyś	imaginować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imaginowała	imaginować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
imaginowała	imaginować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imaginowałam	imaginować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imaginowałaś	imaginować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imaginowałby	imaginować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imaginowałbym	imaginować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imaginowałbyś	imaginować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imaginowałem	imaginować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imaginowałeś	imaginować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imaginował	imaginować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
imaginował	imaginować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imaginowałoby	imaginować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imaginowałobym	imaginować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imaginowałobyś	imaginować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imaginowało	imaginować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
imaginowało	imaginować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imaginowałom	imaginować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imaginowałoś	imaginować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imaginowałyby	imaginować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imaginowałybyście	imaginować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imaginowałybyśmy	imaginować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imaginowały	imaginować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
imaginowały	imaginować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imaginowałyście	imaginować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imaginowałyśmy	imaginować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imaginowana	imaginować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imaginowaną	imaginować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imaginowanego	imaginować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imaginowanego	imaginować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowane	imaginować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowane	imaginować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowanej	imaginować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imaginowanemu	imaginować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowaniach	imaginować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowania	imaginować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowania	imaginować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowaniami	imaginować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowanie	imaginować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowaniem	imaginować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowani	imaginować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imaginowaniom	imaginować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowaniu	imaginować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginowano	imaginować	imps:imperf		
imaginowanych	imaginować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imaginowanych	imaginować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowany	imaginować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imaginowany	imaginować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imaginowanymi	imaginować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowanym	imaginować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowanym	imaginować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginowań	imaginować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imaginująca	imaginować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imaginującą	imaginować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imaginującego	imaginować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imaginującego	imaginować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginujące	imaginować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginujące	imaginować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imaginującej	imaginować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imaginującemu	imaginować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginując	imaginować	pcon:imperf		
imaginująco	imaginować	pacta		
imaginujących	imaginować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imaginujących	imaginować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginujący	imaginować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imaginujący	imaginować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imaginujący	imaginować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imaginującymi	imaginować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginującym	imaginować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imaginującym	imaginować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imaginują	imaginować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
imaginujcie	imaginować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
imaginujecie	imaginować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imaginuje	imaginować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
imaginujemy	imaginować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
imaginujesz	imaginować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imaginuję	imaginować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imaginuj	imaginować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
imaginujmy	imaginować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
imagistach	imagista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagista	imagista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagistami	imagista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagistą	imagista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagistę	imagista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagisto	imagista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagistom	imagista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagistów	imagista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagisty	imagista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imagisty	imagista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagiście	imagista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagiści	imagista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmach	imagizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmami	imagizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmem	imagizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmie	imagizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmie	imagizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizm	imagizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmom	imagizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmowi	imagizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmów	imagizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmu	imagizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagizmy	imagizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imagach	imago	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imaga	imago	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imaga	imago	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imagami	imago	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imagiem	imago	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imag	imago	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imago	imago	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imagom	imago	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imagu	imago	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imagu	imago	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imainować	imainować	inf:imperf		daw.
imainowaliby	imainować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowalibyście	imainować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowalibyśmy	imainować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowali	imainować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
imainowali	imainować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowaliście	imainować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowaliśmy	imainować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałaby	imainować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałabym	imainować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałabyś	imainować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowała	imainować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
imainowała	imainować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałam	imainować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałaś	imainować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowałby	imainować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałbym	imainować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałbyś	imainować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowałem	imainować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałeś	imainować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
imainował	imainować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
imainował	imainować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałoby	imainować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałobym	imainować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałobyś	imainować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowało	imainować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
imainowało	imainować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałom	imainować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowałoś	imainować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowałyby	imainować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałybyście	imainować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowałybyśmy	imainować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowały	imainować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
imainowały	imainować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
imainowałyście	imainować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
imainowałyśmy	imainować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
imainowana	imainować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imainowaną	imainować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imainowanego	imainować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imainowanego	imainować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainowane	imainować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainowane	imainować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imainowanej	imainować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imainowanemu	imainować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainowaniach	imainować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imainowania	imainować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imainowania	imainować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imainowaniami	imainować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imainowanie	imainować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imainowaniem	imainować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imainowani	imainować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imainowaniom	imainować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imainowaniu	imainować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imainowano	imainować	imps:imperf		daw.
imainowanych	imainować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imainowanych	imainować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainowany	imainować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imainowany	imainować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imainowanymi	imainować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainowanym	imainować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainowanym	imainować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainowań	imainować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imainująca	imainować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imainującą	imainować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imainującego	imainować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imainującego	imainować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainujące	imainować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainujące	imainować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imainującej	imainować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imainującemu	imainować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainując	imainować	pcon:imperf		daw.
imainująco	imainować	pacta		
imainujących	imainować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imainujących	imainować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainujący	imainować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imainujący	imainować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imainujący	imainować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imainującymi	imainować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainującym	imainować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imainującym	imainować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imainują	imainować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
imainujcie	imainować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
imainujecie	imainować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
imainuje	imainować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
imainujemy	imainować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
imainujesz	imainować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
imainuję	imainować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
imainuj	imainować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
imainujmy	imainować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
imakach	imak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaka	imak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imakami	imak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imakiem	imak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaki	imak	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imak	imak	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imakom	imak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imakowi	imak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaków	imak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaku	imak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imaku	imak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamach	imam	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imama	imam	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamami	imam	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamem	imam	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamie	imam	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamie	imam	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imam	imam	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamom	imam	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamowie	imam	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamowi	imam	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamów	imam	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamy	imam	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imamicie	imamita	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamici	imamita	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitach	imamita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamita	imamita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitami	imamita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitą	imamita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitę	imamita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamito	imamita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitom	imamita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamitów	imamita	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamity	imamita	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imamity	imamita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmach	imamizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmami	imamizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmem	imamizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmie	imamizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmie	imamizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizm	imamizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmom	imamizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmowi	imamizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmów	imamizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmu	imamizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imamizmy	imamizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmach	imażinizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmami	imażinizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmem	imażinizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmie	imażinizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmie	imażinizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizm	imażinizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmom	imażinizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmowi	imażinizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmów	imażinizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmu	imażinizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażinizmy	imażinizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistach	imażynista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynista	imażynista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistami	imażynista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistą	imażynista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistę	imażynista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynisto	imażynista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistom	imażynista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistów	imażynista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynisty	imażynista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imażynisty	imażynista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażyniście	imażynista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażyniści	imażynista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistycznościach	imażynistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistycznościami	imażynistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistycznością	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczności	imażynistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczności	imażynistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczności	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczności	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczności	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistycznościom	imażynistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczność	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczność	imażynistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imażynistyczna	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imażynistyczną	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imażynistyczną	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imażynistycznego	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imażynistycznego	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imażynistyczne	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistyczne	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistyczne	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imażynistyczne	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imażynistycznej	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imażynistycznej	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imażynistycznej	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imażynistycznemu	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imażynistyczni	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imażynistyczno	imażynistyczny	adja		
imażynistycznych	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imażynistycznych	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistycznych	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistyczny	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imażynistyczny	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imażynistycznymi	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistycznym	imażynistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imażynistycznym	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imażynistycznym	imażynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imażynizmach	imażynizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmami	imażynizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmem	imażynizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmie	imażynizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmie	imażynizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizm	imażynizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmom	imażynizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmowi	imażynizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmów	imażynizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmu	imażynizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imażynizmy	imażynizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylach	imbecyl	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecyla	imbecyl	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylami	imbecyl	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecyle	imbecyl	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecyle	imbecyl	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylem	imbecyl	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecyli	imbecyl	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecyl	imbecyl	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylom	imbecyl	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylowi	imbecyl	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylów	imbecyl	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylu	imbecyl	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylu	imbecyl	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
imbecylizmach	imbecylizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmami	imbecylizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmem	imbecylizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmie	imbecylizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmie	imbecylizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizm	imbecylizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmom	imbecylizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmowi	imbecylizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmów	imbecylizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmu	imbecylizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylizmy	imbecylizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylnie	imbecylnie	adv:pos		
imbecylnościach	imbecylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylnościami	imbecylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylnością	imbecylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylności	imbecylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylności	imbecylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylności	imbecylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylności	imbecylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylności	imbecylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylnościom	imbecylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylność	imbecylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylność	imbecylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylna	imbecylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imbecylną	imbecylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imbecylną	imbecylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imbecylnego	imbecylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imbecylnego	imbecylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylne	imbecylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylne	imbecylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylne	imbecylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imbecylne	imbecylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imbecylnej	imbecylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imbecylnej	imbecylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imbecylnej	imbecylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imbecylnemu	imbecylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylni	imbecylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imbecylno	imbecylny	adja		
imbecylnych	imbecylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imbecylnych	imbecylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylnych	imbecylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylny	imbecylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imbecylny	imbecylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imbecylnymi	imbecylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylnym	imbecylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylnym	imbecylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylnym	imbecylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylowatościach	imbecylowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatościami	imbecylowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatością	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatości	imbecylowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatości	imbecylowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatości	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatości	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatości	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatościom	imbecylowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatość	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowatość	imbecylowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbecylowaci	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imbecylowata	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imbecylowatą	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imbecylowatą	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imbecylowatego	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imbecylowatego	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylowate	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowate	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowate	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imbecylowate	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imbecylowatej	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imbecylowatej	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imbecylowatej	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imbecylowatemu	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylowato	imbecylowaty	adja		
imbecylowatych	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imbecylowatych	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowatych	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowaty	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imbecylowaty	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imbecylowatymi	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowatym	imbecylowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbecylowatym	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbecylowatym	imbecylowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbibicjach	imbibicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicja	imbibicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicjami	imbibicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicją	imbibicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicje	imbibicja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicję	imbibicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicji	imbibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imbibicji	imbibicja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicji	imbibicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicjo	imbibicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicjom	imbibicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbibicyj	imbibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imbierach	imbier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierami	imbier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierem	imbier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbier	imbier	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierom	imbier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierowi	imbier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierów	imbier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbieru	imbier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbiery	imbier	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierze	imbier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbierze	imbier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imbirach	imbir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirami	imbir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirem	imbir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbir	imbir	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirom	imbir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowi	imbir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirów	imbir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbiru	imbir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbiry	imbir	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirze	imbir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirze	imbir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowate	imbirowate	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatych	imbirowate	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatych	imbirowate	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatymi	imbirowate	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatym	imbirowate	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatościach	imbirowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatościami	imbirowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatością	imbirowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatości	imbirowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatości	imbirowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatości	imbirowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatości	imbirowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatości	imbirowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatościom	imbirowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatość	imbirowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowatość	imbirowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowaci	imbirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imbirowata	imbirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imbirowatą	imbirowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imbirowatą	imbirowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imbirowatego	imbirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imbirowatego	imbirowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowate	imbirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowate	imbirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowate	imbirowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imbirowate	imbirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imbirowatej	imbirowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imbirowatej	imbirowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imbirowatej	imbirowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imbirowatemu	imbirowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowato	imbirowaty	adja		
imbirowatych	imbirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imbirowatych	imbirowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowatych	imbirowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowaty	imbirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imbirowaty	imbirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imbirowatymi	imbirowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowatym	imbirowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowatym	imbirowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowatym	imbirowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowościach	imbirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowościami	imbirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowością	imbirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowości	imbirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowości	imbirowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowości	imbirowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowości	imbirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowości	imbirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowościom	imbirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowość	imbirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowość	imbirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imbirowa	imbirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imbirową	imbirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imbirową	imbirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imbirowego	imbirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imbirowego	imbirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowe	imbirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowe	imbirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowe	imbirowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imbirowe	imbirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imbirowej	imbirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imbirowej	imbirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imbirowej	imbirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imbirowemu	imbirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowi	imbirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imbirowo	imbirowy	adja		
imbirowych	imbirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imbirowych	imbirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowych	imbirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowy	imbirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imbirowy	imbirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imbirowymi	imbirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowym	imbirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imbirowym	imbirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbirowym	imbirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imbryczek	imbryczek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczkach	imbryczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczka	imbryczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczkami	imbryczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczkiem	imbryczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczki	imbryczek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczkom	imbryczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczkowi	imbryczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczków	imbryczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczku	imbryczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryczku	imbryczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbrykach	imbryk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryka	imbryk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbrykami	imbryk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbrykiem	imbryk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryki	imbryk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryk	imbryk	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbrykom	imbryk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbrykowi	imbryk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryków	imbryk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryku	imbryk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imbryku	imbryk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imcipanach	imćpan	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipana	imćpan	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanami	imćpan	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanem	imćpan	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanie	imćpan	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanom	imćpan	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanów	imćpan	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanu	imćpan	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipanu	imćpan	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imcipany	imćpan	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanach	imćpan	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpana	imćpan	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanami	imćpan	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanem	imćpan	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanie	imćpan	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpan	imćpan	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanom	imćpan	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanowie	imćpan	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanów	imćpan	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanu	imćpan	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpanu	imćpan	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imćpany	imćpan	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imciach	imć:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imciami	imć:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imcią	imć:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imcie	imć:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imcie	imć:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imci	imć:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imci	imć:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imci	imć:s1	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imci	imć:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imci	imć:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imciom	imć:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imć	imć:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imć	imć:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imć	imć:s2	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanach	imelman	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanach	imelman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmana	imelman	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmana	imelman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanami	imelman	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanami	imelman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanem	imelman	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanem	imelman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanie	imelman	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanie	imelman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanie	imelman	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanie	imelman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelman	imelman	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelman	imelman	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanom	imelman	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanom	imelman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanowi	imelman	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanowi	imelman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanów	imelman	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmanów	imelman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imelmany	imelman	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imelmany	imelman	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imencie	iment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imencie	iment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentach	iment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentami	iment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentem	iment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iment	iment	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentom	iment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentowi	iment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentów	iment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imentu	iment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imenty	iment	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imersjach	imersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersja	imersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersjami	imersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersją	imersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersje	imersja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersję	imersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersji	imersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imersji	imersja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersji	imersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersjo	imersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersjom	imersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imersyj	imersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imidach	imid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidami	imid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidem	imid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imid	imid	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidom	imid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidowi	imid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidów	imid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidu	imid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidy	imid	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidzie	imid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imidzie	imid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńscy	imieleński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imieleńska	imieleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imieleńską	imieleński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imieleńską	imieleński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imieleńskich	imieleński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imieleńskich	imieleński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskich	imieleński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskiego	imieleński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imieleńskiego	imieleński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieleńskie	imieleński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskie	imieleński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskie	imieleński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imieleńskie	imieleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imieleńskiej	imieleński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imieleńskiej	imieleński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imieleńskiej	imieleński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imieleńskiemu	imieleński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieleński	imieleński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imieleński	imieleński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imieleńskimi	imieleński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskim	imieleński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieleńskim	imieleński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieleńskim	imieleński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieleńsko	imieleński	adja		
imieleńsku	imieleński	adjp		
imieleńsko	imieleńsko	adv:pos		
imieleńskościach	imieleńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskościami	imieleńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskością	imieleńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskości	imieleńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskości	imieleńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskości	imieleńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskości	imieleńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskości	imieleńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskościom	imieleńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskość	imieleńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieleńskość	imieleńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińscy	imieliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imielińska	imieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imielińską	imieliński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imielińską	imieliński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imielińskich	imieliński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imielińskich	imieliński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskich	imieliński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskiego	imieliński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imielińskiego	imieliński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imielińskie	imieliński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskie	imieliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskie	imieliński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imielińskie	imieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imielińskiej	imieliński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imielińskiej	imieliński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imielińskiej	imieliński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imielińskiemu	imieliński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieliński	imieliński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imieliński	imieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imielińskimi	imieliński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskim	imieliński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imielińskim	imieliński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imielińskim	imieliński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imielińsko	imieliński	adja		
imielińsku	imieliński	adjp		
imielińsko	imielińsko	adv:pos		
imielińskościach	imielińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskościami	imielińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskością	imielińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskości	imielińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskości	imielińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskości	imielińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskości	imielińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskości	imielińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskościom	imielińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskość	imielińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imielińskość	imielińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
im	imienia	brev:pun		
imieniach	imienie	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienia	imienie	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienia	imienie	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniami	imienie	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienie	imienie	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniem	imienie	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieni	imienie	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniom	imienie	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniu	imienie	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniu	imienie	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imiona	imienie	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imion	imienie	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieninek	imieninki	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninkach	imieninki	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninkami	imieninki	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninki	imieninki	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninkom	imieninki	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowo	imieninowo	adv:pos		
imieninowościach	imieninowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowościami	imieninowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowością	imieninowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowości	imieninowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowości	imieninowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowości	imieninowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowości	imieninowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowości	imieninowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowościom	imieninowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowość	imieninowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowość	imieninowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imieninowa	imieninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imieninową	imieninowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imieninową	imieninowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imieninowego	imieninowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imieninowego	imieninowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieninowe	imieninowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowe	imieninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowe	imieninowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imieninowe	imieninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imieninowej	imieninowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imieninowej	imieninowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imieninowej	imieninowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imieninowemu	imieninowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieninowi	imieninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imieninowo	imieninowy	adja		
imieninowych	imieninowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imieninowych	imieninowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowych	imieninowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowy	imieninowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imieninowy	imieninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imieninowymi	imieninowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowym	imieninowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imieninowym	imieninowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieninowym	imieninowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imieninach	imieniny	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninami	imieniny	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imienin	imieniny	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieninom	imieniny	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieniny	imieniny	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imieniskach	imienisko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniska	imienisko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniska	imienisko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniskami	imienisko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniskiem	imienisko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienisk	imienisko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienisko	imienisko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imieniskom	imienisko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienisku	imienisko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imienisku	imienisko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imiennictwach	imiennictwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwa	imiennictwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwa	imiennictwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwami	imiennictwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwem	imiennictwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwie	imiennictwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictw	imiennictwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwo	imiennictwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwom	imiennictwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiennictwu	imiennictwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczce	imienniczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczek	imienniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczkach	imienniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczka	imienniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczkami	imienniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczką	imienniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczkę	imienniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczki	imienniczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczki	imienniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczko	imienniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczkom	imienniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczościach	imienniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczościami	imienniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczością	imienniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczości	imienniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczości	imienniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczości	imienniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczości	imienniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczości	imienniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczościom	imienniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczość	imienniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienniczość	imienniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennicza	imienniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imienniczą	imienniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imienniczą	imienniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imienniczego	imienniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imienniczego	imienniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennicze	imienniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennicze	imienniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennicze	imienniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imiennicze	imienniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imienniczej	imienniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imienniczej	imienniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imienniczej	imienniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imienniczemu	imienniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imienniczo	imienniczy	adja		
imienniczych	imienniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imienniczych	imienniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienniczych	imienniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienniczy	imienniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imienniczy	imienniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imienniczy	imienniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imienniczymi	imienniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienniczym	imienniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienniczym	imienniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imienniczym	imienniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennie	imiennie	adv:pos		
imiennicy	imiennik	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikach	imiennik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennika	imiennik	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikami	imiennik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikiem	imiennik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imienniki	imiennik	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imiennik	imiennik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikom	imiennik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowi	imiennik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imienników	imiennik	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imienniku	imiennik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imienniku	imiennik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowościach	imiennikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowościami	imiennikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowością	imiennikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowości	imiennikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowości	imiennikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowości	imiennikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowości	imiennikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowości	imiennikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowościom	imiennikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowość	imiennikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowość	imiennikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennikowa	imiennikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imiennikową	imiennikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imiennikową	imiennikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imiennikowego	imiennikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imiennikowego	imiennikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennikowe	imiennikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowe	imiennikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowe	imiennikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imiennikowe	imiennikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imiennikowej	imiennikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imiennikowej	imiennikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imiennikowej	imiennikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imiennikowemu	imiennikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennikowi	imiennikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imiennikowo	imiennikowy	adja		
imiennikowych	imiennikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imiennikowych	imiennikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowych	imiennikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowy	imiennikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imiennikowy	imiennikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imiennikowymi	imiennikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowym	imiennikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennikowym	imiennikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennikowym	imiennikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennościach	imienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennościami	imienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennością	imienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienności	imienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienności	imienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienności	imienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienności	imienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienności	imienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiennościom	imienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienność	imienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienność	imienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imienna	imienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imienną	imienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imienną	imienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imiennego	imienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imiennego	imienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imienne	imienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienne	imienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienne	imienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imienne	imienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imiennej	imienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imiennej	imienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imiennej	imienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imiennemu	imienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imienni	imienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imienno	imienny	adja		
imiennych	imienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imiennych	imienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennych	imienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imienny	imienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imienny	imienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imiennymi	imienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennym	imienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiennym	imienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiennym	imienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiesłowowościach	imiesłowowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowościami	imiesłowowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowością	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowości	imiesłowowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowości	imiesłowowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowości	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowości	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowości	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowościom	imiesłowowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowość	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowość	imiesłowowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imiesłowowa	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imiesłowową	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imiesłowową	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imiesłowowego	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imiesłowowego	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiesłowowe	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowe	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowe	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imiesłowowe	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imiesłowowej	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imiesłowowej	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imiesłowowej	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imiesłowowemu	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiesłowowi	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imiesłowowo	imiesłowowy	adja		
imiesłowowych	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imiesłowowych	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowych	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowy	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imiesłowowy	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imiesłowowymi	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowym	imiesłowowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imiesłowowym	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiesłowowym	imiesłowowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imiesłowach	imiesłów	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowami	imiesłów	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowem	imiesłów	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowie	imiesłów	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowie	imiesłów	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowom	imiesłów	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowowi	imiesłów	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowów	imiesłów	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowu	imiesłów	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłowy	imiesłów	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imiesłów	imiesłów	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
imienia	imię	subst:sg:gen:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imienia	imię	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imieniem	imię	subst:sg:inst:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imieniem	imię	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imieniu	imię	subst:sg:dat:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imieniu	imię	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imieniu	imię	subst:sg:loc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imieniu	imię	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imię	imię	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imię	imię	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionach	imię	subst:pl:loc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionach	imię	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imiona	imię	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imiona	imię	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionami	imię	subst:pl:inst:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionami	imię	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imion	imię	subst:pl:gen:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imion	imię	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionom	imię	subst:pl:dat:n:col	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionom	imię	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imigracjach	imigracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracja	imigracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracjami	imigracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracją	imigracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracje	imigracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrację	imigracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracji	imigracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imigracji	imigracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracji	imigracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracjo	imigracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracjom	imigracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyj	imigracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imigracyjnościach	imigracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjnościami	imigracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjnością	imigracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjności	imigracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjności	imigracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjności	imigracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjności	imigracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjności	imigracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjnościom	imigracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjność	imigracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjność	imigracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigracyjna	imigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imigracyjną	imigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imigracyjną	imigracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imigracyjnego	imigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imigracyjnego	imigracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigracyjne	imigracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjne	imigracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjne	imigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imigracyjne	imigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imigracyjnej	imigracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imigracyjnej	imigracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imigracyjnej	imigracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imigracyjnemu	imigracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigracyjni	imigracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imigracyjno	imigracyjny	adja		
imigracyjnych	imigracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imigracyjnych	imigracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjnych	imigracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjny	imigracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imigracyjny	imigracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imigracyjnymi	imigracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjnym	imigracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigracyjnym	imigracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigracyjnym	imigracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigranccy	imigrancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imigrancka	imigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imigrancką	imigrancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imigrancką	imigrancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imigranckich	imigrancki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imigranckich	imigrancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckich	imigrancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckiego	imigrancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imigranckiego	imigrancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigranckie	imigrancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckie	imigrancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckie	imigrancki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imigranckie	imigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imigranckiej	imigrancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imigranckiej	imigrancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imigranckiej	imigrancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imigranckiemu	imigrancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigrancki	imigrancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imigrancki	imigrancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imigranckimi	imigrancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckim	imigrancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imigranckim	imigrancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigranckim	imigrancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imigrancko	imigrancki	adja		
imigrancku	imigrancki	adjp		
imigrancko	imigrancko	adv:pos		
imigranckościach	imigranckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckościami	imigranckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckością	imigranckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckości	imigranckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckości	imigranckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckości	imigranckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckości	imigranckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckości	imigranckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckościom	imigranckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckość	imigranckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigranckość	imigranckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrancie	imigrant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrancie	imigrant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigranci	imigrant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantach	imigrant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigranta	imigrant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantami	imigrant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantem	imigrant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrant	imigrant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantom	imigrant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantowi	imigrant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantów	imigrant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imigranty	imigrant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantce	imigrantka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantek	imigrantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantkach	imigrantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantka	imigrantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantkami	imigrantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantką	imigrantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantkę	imigrantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantki	imigrantka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantki	imigrantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantko	imigrantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrantkom	imigrantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imigrować	imigrować	inf:imperf.perf		
imigrowaliby	imigrować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowalibyście	imigrować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowalibyśmy	imigrować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowali	imigrować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
imigrowali	imigrować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowaliście	imigrować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowaliśmy	imigrować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałaby	imigrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałabym	imigrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałabyś	imigrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowała	imigrować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
imigrowała	imigrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałam	imigrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałaś	imigrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowałby	imigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałbym	imigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałbyś	imigrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowałem	imigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałeś	imigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrował	imigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
imigrował	imigrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałoby	imigrować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałobym	imigrować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałobyś	imigrować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowało	imigrować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
imigrowało	imigrować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałom	imigrować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowałoś	imigrować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowałyby	imigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałybyście	imigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowałybyśmy	imigrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowały	imigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
imigrowały	imigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrowałyście	imigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrowałyśmy	imigrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrowaniach	imigrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowania	imigrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowania	imigrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowaniami	imigrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowanie	imigrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowaniem	imigrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowaniom	imigrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowaniu	imigrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowano	imigrować	imps:imperf.perf		
imigrowań	imigrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
imigrowawszy	imigrować	pant:perf		
imigrująca	imigrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imigrującą	imigrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imigrującego	imigrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imigrującego	imigrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imigrujące	imigrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imigrujące	imigrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imigrującej	imigrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imigrującemu	imigrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imigrując	imigrować	pcon:imperf		
imigrująco	imigrować	pacta		
imigrujących	imigrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imigrujących	imigrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imigrujący	imigrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imigrujący	imigrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imigrujący	imigrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imigrującymi	imigrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imigrującym	imigrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imigrującym	imigrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imigrują	imigrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrujcie	imigrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrujecie	imigrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
imigruje	imigrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
imigrujemy	imigrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
imigrujesz	imigrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
imigruję	imigrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
imigruj	imigrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
imigrujmy	imigrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
iminach	imina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imina	imina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminami	imina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminą	imina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminę	imina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminie	imina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imin	imina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imino	imina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminom	imina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminy	imina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iminy	imina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imioniskach	imionisko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imioniska	imionisko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imioniska	imionisko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imioniskami	imionisko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imioniskiem	imionisko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionisk	imionisko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionisko	imionisko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imioniskom	imionisko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionisku	imionisko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionisku	imionisko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imionek	imionko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionkach	imionko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionka	imionko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionka	imionko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionkami	imionko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionkiem	imionko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionko	imionko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionkom	imionko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionku	imionko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionku	imionko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionnikach	imionnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnika	imionnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikami	imionnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikiem	imionnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionniki	imionnik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnik	imionnik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikom	imionnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowi	imionnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionników	imionnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionniku	imionnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionniku	imionnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowościach	imionnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowościami	imionnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowością	imionnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowości	imionnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowości	imionnikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowości	imionnikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowości	imionnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowości	imionnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowościom	imionnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowość	imionnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowość	imionnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imionnikowa	imionnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
imionnikową	imionnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
imionnikową	imionnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
imionnikowego	imionnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
imionnikowego	imionnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowe	imionnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowe	imionnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowe	imionnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
imionnikowe	imionnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
imionnikowej	imionnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
imionnikowej	imionnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
imionnikowej	imionnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
imionnikowemu	imionnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowi	imionnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
imionnikowo	imionnikowy	adja		daw.
imionnikowych	imionnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
imionnikowych	imionnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowych	imionnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowy	imionnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
imionnikowy	imionnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
imionnikowymi	imionnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowym	imionnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowym	imionnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imionnikowym	imionnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imionotwórstwach	imionotwórstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwa	imionotwórstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwa	imionotwórstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwami	imionotwórstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwem	imionotwórstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwie	imionotwórstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstw	imionotwórstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwo	imionotwórstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwom	imionotwórstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imionotwórstwu	imionotwórstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imisjach	imisja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisja	imisja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisjami	imisja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisją	imisja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisje	imisja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisję	imisja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisji	imisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
imisji	imisja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisji	imisja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisjo	imisja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisjom	imisja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imisyj	imisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
imitacjach	imitacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacja	imitacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjami	imitacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacją	imitacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacje	imitacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitację	imitacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacji	imitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imitacji	imitacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacji	imitacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjo	imitacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjom	imitacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyj	imitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imitacjonizmach	imitacjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmami	imitacjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmem	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmie	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmie	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizm	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmom	imitacjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmowi	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmów	imitacjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmu	imitacjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacjonizmy	imitacjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjnościach	imitacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjnościami	imitacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjnością	imitacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjności	imitacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjności	imitacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjności	imitacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjności	imitacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjności	imitacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjnościom	imitacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjność	imitacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjność	imitacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitacyjna	imitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imitacyjną	imitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imitacyjną	imitacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imitacyjnego	imitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imitacyjnego	imitacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitacyjne	imitacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjne	imitacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjne	imitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imitacyjne	imitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imitacyjnej	imitacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imitacyjnej	imitacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imitacyjnej	imitacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imitacyjnemu	imitacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitacyjni	imitacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imitacyjno	imitacyjny	adja		
imitacyjnych	imitacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imitacyjnych	imitacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjnych	imitacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjny	imitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imitacyjny	imitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imitacyjnymi	imitacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjnym	imitacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitacyjnym	imitacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitacyjnym	imitacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitatorach	imitator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatora	imitator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorami	imitator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorem	imitator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitator	imitator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorom	imitator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorowie	imitator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorowi	imitator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorów	imitator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatory	imitator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorze	imitator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorze	imitator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorzy	imitator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorce	imitatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorek	imitatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorkach	imitatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorka	imitatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorkami	imitatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorką	imitatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorkę	imitatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorki	imitatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorki	imitatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorko	imitatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorkom	imitatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorscy	imitatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imitatorska	imitatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imitatorską	imitatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imitatorską	imitatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imitatorskich	imitatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imitatorskich	imitatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskich	imitatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskiego	imitatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imitatorskiego	imitatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitatorskie	imitatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskie	imitatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskie	imitatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imitatorskie	imitatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imitatorskiej	imitatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imitatorskiej	imitatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imitatorskiej	imitatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imitatorskiemu	imitatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitatorski	imitatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imitatorski	imitatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imitatorskimi	imitatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskim	imitatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imitatorskim	imitatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitatorskim	imitatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imitatorsko	imitatorski	adja		
imitatorsku	imitatorski	adjp		
imitatorsko	imitatorsko	adv:pos		
imitatorskościach	imitatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskościami	imitatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskością	imitatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskości	imitatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskości	imitatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskości	imitatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskości	imitatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskości	imitatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskościom	imitatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskość	imitatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorskość	imitatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwach	imitatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwa	imitatorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwa	imitatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwami	imitatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwem	imitatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwie	imitatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstw	imitatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwo	imitatorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwom	imitatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitatorstwu	imitatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imitować	imitować	inf:imperf		
imitowaliby	imitować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imitowalibyście	imitować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imitowalibyśmy	imitować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imitowali	imitować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
imitowali	imitować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imitowaliście	imitować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imitowaliśmy	imitować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imitowałaby	imitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imitowałabym	imitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imitowałabyś	imitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imitowała	imitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
imitowała	imitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imitowałam	imitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imitowałaś	imitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imitowałby	imitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imitowałbym	imitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imitowałbyś	imitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imitowałem	imitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imitowałeś	imitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imitował	imitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
imitował	imitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imitowałoby	imitować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imitowałobym	imitować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imitowałobyś	imitować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imitowało	imitować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
imitowało	imitować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imitowałom	imitować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imitowałoś	imitować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imitowałyby	imitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imitowałybyście	imitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imitowałybyśmy	imitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imitowały	imitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
imitowały	imitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imitowałyście	imitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imitowałyśmy	imitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imitowana	imitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imitowaną	imitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imitowanego	imitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imitowanego	imitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitowane	imitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitowane	imitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imitowanej	imitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imitowanemu	imitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitowaniach	imitować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imitowania	imitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imitowania	imitować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imitowaniami	imitować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imitowanie	imitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imitowaniem	imitować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imitowani	imitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imitowaniom	imitować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imitowaniu	imitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imitowano	imitować	imps:imperf		
imitowanych	imitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imitowanych	imitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitowany	imitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imitowany	imitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imitowanymi	imitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitowanym	imitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitowanym	imitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitowań	imitować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imitująca	imitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imitującą	imitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imitującego	imitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imitującego	imitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitujące	imitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitujące	imitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imitującej	imitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imitującemu	imitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitując	imitować	pcon:imperf		
imitująco	imitować	pacta		
imitujących	imitować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imitujących	imitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitujący	imitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imitujący	imitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imitujący	imitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imitującymi	imitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitującym	imitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imitującym	imitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imitują	imitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
imitujcie	imitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
imitujecie	imitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imituje	imitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
imitujemy	imitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
imitujesz	imitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imituję	imitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imituj	imitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
imitujmy	imitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
immanencjach	immanencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencja	immanencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencjami	immanencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencją	immanencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencje	immanencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencję	immanencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencji	immanencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immanencji	immanencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencji	immanencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencjo	immanencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencjom	immanencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanencyj	immanencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immanentnie	immanentnie	adv:pos		
immanentnościach	immanentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentnościami	immanentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentnością	immanentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentności	immanentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentności	immanentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentności	immanentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentności	immanentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentności	immanentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentnościom	immanentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentność	immanentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentność	immanentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immanentna	immanentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immanentną	immanentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immanentną	immanentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immanentnego	immanentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immanentnego	immanentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immanentne	immanentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentne	immanentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentne	immanentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immanentne	immanentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immanentnej	immanentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immanentnej	immanentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immanentnej	immanentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immanentnemu	immanentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immanentni	immanentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immanentno	immanentny	adja		
immanentnych	immanentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immanentnych	immanentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentnych	immanentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentny	immanentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immanentny	immanentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immanentnymi	immanentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentnym	immanentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immanentnym	immanentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immanentnym	immanentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immanentyzmach	immanentyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmami	immanentyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmem	immanentyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmie	immanentyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmie	immanentyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzm	immanentyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmom	immanentyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmowi	immanentyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmów	immanentyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmu	immanentyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immanentyzmy	immanentyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmach	immaterializm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmami	immaterializm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmem	immaterializm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmie	immaterializm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmie	immaterializm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializm	immaterializm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmom	immaterializm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmowi	immaterializm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmów	immaterializm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmu	immaterializm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immaterializmy	immaterializm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacjach	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacja	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacjami	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacją	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacje	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulację	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacji	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immatrykulacji	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacji	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacjo	immatrykulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacjom	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyj	immatrykulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immatrykulacyjnościach	immatrykulacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjnościami	immatrykulacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjnością	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjności	immatrykulacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjności	immatrykulacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjności	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjności	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjności	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjnościom	immatrykulacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjność	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjność	immatrykulacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immatrykulacyjna	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjną	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjną	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjnego	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immatrykulacyjnego	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjne	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjne	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjne	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immatrykulacyjne	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immatrykulacyjnej	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjnej	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjnej	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immatrykulacyjnemu	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjni	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immatrykulacyjno	immatrykulacyjny	adja		
immatrykulacyjnych	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immatrykulacyjnych	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjnych	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjny	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immatrykulacyjny	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immatrykulacyjnymi	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjnym	immatrykulacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjnym	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immatrykulacyjnym	immatrykulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immatrykulować	immatrykulować	inf:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowaliby	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowalibyście	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowalibyśmy	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowali	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowali	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowaliście	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowaliśmy	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałaby	immatrykulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałabym	immatrykulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałabyś	immatrykulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowała	immatrykulować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowała	immatrykulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałam	immatrykulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałaś	immatrykulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałby	immatrykulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałbym	immatrykulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałbyś	immatrykulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałem	immatrykulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałeś	immatrykulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulował	immatrykulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
immatrykulował	immatrykulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałoby	immatrykulować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałobym	immatrykulować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałobyś	immatrykulować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowało	immatrykulować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowało	immatrykulować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałom	immatrykulować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałoś	immatrykulować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałyby	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałybyście	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałybyśmy	immatrykulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowały	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowały	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałyście	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowałyśmy	immatrykulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowana	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaną	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanego	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanego	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowane	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowane	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanej	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanemu	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaniach	immatrykulować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowania	immatrykulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowania	immatrykulować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaniami	immatrykulować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanie	immatrykulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaniem	immatrykulować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowani	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaniom	immatrykulować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowaniu	immatrykulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowano	immatrykulować	imps:imperf.perf		
immatrykulowanych	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanych	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowany	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowany	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanymi	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanym	immatrykulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowanym	immatrykulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowań	immatrykulować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
immatrykulowawszy	immatrykulować	pant:perf		
immatrykulująca	immatrykulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującą	immatrykulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującego	immatrykulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującego	immatrykulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujące	immatrykulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujące	immatrykulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującej	immatrykulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującemu	immatrykulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulując	immatrykulować	pcon:imperf		
immatrykulująco	immatrykulować	pacta		
immatrykulujących	immatrykulować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujących	immatrykulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujący	immatrykulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujący	immatrykulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
immatrykulujący	immatrykulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującymi	immatrykulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującym	immatrykulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulującym	immatrykulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immatrykulują	immatrykulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulujcie	immatrykulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulujecie	immatrykulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykuluje	immatrykulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
immatrykulujemy	immatrykulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykulujesz	immatrykulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykuluję	immatrykulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
immatrykuluj	immatrykulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
immatrykulujmy	immatrykulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
immelmanach	immelman	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanach	immelman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmana	immelman	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmana	immelman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanami	immelman	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanami	immelman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanem	immelman	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanem	immelman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanie	immelman	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanie	immelman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanie	immelman	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanie	immelman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelman	immelman	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelman	immelman	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanom	immelman	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanom	immelman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanowi	immelman	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanowi	immelman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanów	immelman	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmanów	immelman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immelmany	immelman	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immelmany	immelman	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immersjach	immersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersja	immersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersjami	immersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersją	immersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersje	immersja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersję	immersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersji	immersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immersji	immersja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersji	immersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersjo	immersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersjom	immersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyj	immersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immersyjnościach	immersyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjnościami	immersyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjnością	immersyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjności	immersyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjności	immersyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjności	immersyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjności	immersyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjności	immersyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjnościom	immersyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjność	immersyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjność	immersyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immersyjna	immersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immersyjną	immersyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immersyjną	immersyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immersyjnego	immersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immersyjnego	immersyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immersyjne	immersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjne	immersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjne	immersyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immersyjne	immersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immersyjnej	immersyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immersyjnej	immersyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immersyjnej	immersyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immersyjnemu	immersyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immersyjni	immersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immersyjno	immersyjny	adja		
immersyjnych	immersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immersyjnych	immersyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjnych	immersyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjny	immersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immersyjny	immersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immersyjnymi	immersyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjnym	immersyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immersyjnym	immersyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immersyjnym	immersyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immobiliserach	immobiliser	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilisera	immobiliser	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserami	immobiliser	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserem	immobiliser	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliser	immobiliser	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserom	immobiliser	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserowi	immobiliser	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserów	immobiliser	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilisery	immobiliser	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserze	immobiliser	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobiliserze	immobiliser	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacjach	immobilizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacja	immobilizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacjami	immobilizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacją	immobilizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacje	immobilizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizację	immobilizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacji	immobilizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immobilizacji	immobilizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacji	immobilizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacjo	immobilizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacjom	immobilizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizacyj	immobilizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immobilizerach	immobilizer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizera	immobilizer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerami	immobilizer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerem	immobilizer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizer	immobilizer	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerom	immobilizer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerowi	immobilizer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerów	immobilizer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizery	immobilizer	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerze	immobilizer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizerze	immobilizer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmach	immobilizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmami	immobilizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmem	immobilizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmie	immobilizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmie	immobilizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizm	immobilizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmom	immobilizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmowi	immobilizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmów	immobilizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmu	immobilizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizmy	immobilizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immobilizować	immobilizować	inf:imperf		
immobilizowaliby	immobilizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
immobilizowalibyście	immobilizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
immobilizowalibyśmy	immobilizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
immobilizowali	immobilizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
immobilizowali	immobilizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
immobilizowaliście	immobilizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
immobilizowaliśmy	immobilizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałaby	immobilizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałabym	immobilizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałabyś	immobilizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
immobilizowała	immobilizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
immobilizowała	immobilizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałam	immobilizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałaś	immobilizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
immobilizowałby	immobilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałbym	immobilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałbyś	immobilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
immobilizowałem	immobilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałeś	immobilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
immobilizował	immobilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
immobilizował	immobilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałoby	immobilizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałobym	immobilizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałobyś	immobilizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
immobilizowało	immobilizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
immobilizowało	immobilizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałom	immobilizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
immobilizowałoś	immobilizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
immobilizowałyby	immobilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałybyście	immobilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
immobilizowałybyśmy	immobilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
immobilizowały	immobilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
immobilizowały	immobilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
immobilizowałyście	immobilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
immobilizowałyśmy	immobilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
immobilizowana	immobilizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaną	immobilizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanego	immobilizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanego	immobilizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowane	immobilizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowane	immobilizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanej	immobilizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanemu	immobilizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaniach	immobilizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowania	immobilizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowania	immobilizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaniami	immobilizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanie	immobilizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaniem	immobilizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowani	immobilizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaniom	immobilizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowaniu	immobilizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowano	immobilizować	imps:imperf		
immobilizowanych	immobilizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanych	immobilizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowany	immobilizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
immobilizowany	immobilizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanymi	immobilizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanym	immobilizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowanym	immobilizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizowań	immobilizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizująca	immobilizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizującą	immobilizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizującego	immobilizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
immobilizującego	immobilizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizujące	immobilizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizujące	immobilizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
immobilizującej	immobilizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
immobilizującemu	immobilizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizując	immobilizować	pcon:imperf		
immobilizująco	immobilizować	pacta		
immobilizujących	immobilizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
immobilizujących	immobilizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizujący	immobilizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
immobilizujący	immobilizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
immobilizujący	immobilizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
immobilizującymi	immobilizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizującym	immobilizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizującym	immobilizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immobilizują	immobilizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
immobilizujcie	immobilizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
immobilizujecie	immobilizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
immobilizuje	immobilizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
immobilizujemy	immobilizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
immobilizujesz	immobilizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
immobilizuję	immobilizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
immobilizuj	immobilizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
immobilizujmy	immobilizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
immobilna	immobilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immobilną	immobilny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immobilną	immobilny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immobilnego	immobilny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immobilnego	immobilny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immobilne	immobilny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilne	immobilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilne	immobilny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immobilne	immobilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immobilnej	immobilny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immobilnej	immobilny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immobilnej	immobilny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immobilnemu	immobilny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immobilni	immobilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immobilno	immobilny	adja		
immobilnych	immobilny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immobilnych	immobilny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilnych	immobilny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilny	immobilny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immobilny	immobilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immobilnymi	immobilny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilnym	immobilny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immobilnym	immobilny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immobilnym	immobilny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immoralistach	immoralista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralista	immoralista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralistami	immoralista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralistą	immoralista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralistę	immoralista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralisto	immoralista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralistom	immoralista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralistów	immoralista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralisty	immoralista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immoralisty	immoralista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoraliście	immoralista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoraliści	immoralista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmach	immoralizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmami	immoralizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmem	immoralizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmie	immoralizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmie	immoralizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizm	immoralizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmom	immoralizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmowi	immoralizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmów	immoralizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmu	immoralizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immoralizmy	immoralizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitecie	immunitet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitecie	immunitet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetach	immunitet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetami	immunitet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetem	immunitet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitet	immunitet	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetom	immunitet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowi	immunitet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetów	immunitet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetu	immunitet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitety	immunitet	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowościach	immunitetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowościami	immunitetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowością	immunitetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowości	immunitetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowości	immunitetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowości	immunitetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowości	immunitetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowości	immunitetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowościom	immunitetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowość	immunitetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowość	immunitetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunitetowa	immunitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunitetową	immunitetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunitetową	immunitetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunitetowego	immunitetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunitetowego	immunitetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunitetowe	immunitetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowe	immunitetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowe	immunitetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunitetowe	immunitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunitetowej	immunitetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunitetowej	immunitetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunitetowej	immunitetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunitetowemu	immunitetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunitetowi	immunitetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunitetowo	immunitetowy	adja		
immunitetowych	immunitetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunitetowych	immunitetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowych	immunitetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowy	immunitetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunitetowy	immunitetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunitetowymi	immunitetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowym	immunitetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunitetowym	immunitetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunitetowym	immunitetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunizacjach	immunizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacja	immunizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacjami	immunizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacją	immunizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacje	immunizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizację	immunizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacji	immunizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunizacji	immunizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacji	immunizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacjo	immunizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacjom	immunizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyj	immunizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunizacyjnościach	immunizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjnościami	immunizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjnością	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjności	immunizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjności	immunizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjności	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjności	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjności	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjnościom	immunizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjność	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjność	immunizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunizacyjna	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunizacyjną	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunizacyjną	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunizacyjnego	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunizacyjnego	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunizacyjne	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjne	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjne	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunizacyjne	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunizacyjnej	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunizacyjnej	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunizacyjnej	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunizacyjnemu	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunizacyjni	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunizacyjno	immunizacyjny	adja		
immunizacyjnych	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunizacyjnych	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjnych	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjny	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunizacyjny	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunizacyjnymi	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjnym	immunizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunizacyjnym	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunizacyjnym	immunizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunizatorach	immunizator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatora	immunizator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorami	immunizator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorem	immunizator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizator	immunizator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorom	immunizator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorowi	immunizator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorów	immunizator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatory	immunizator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorze	immunizator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizatorze	immunizator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
immunizować	immunizować	inf:imperf		
immunizowaliby	immunizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
immunizowalibyście	immunizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
immunizowalibyśmy	immunizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
immunizowali	immunizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
immunizowali	immunizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
immunizowaliście	immunizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
immunizowaliśmy	immunizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
immunizowałaby	immunizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
immunizowałabym	immunizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
immunizowałabyś	immunizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
immunizowała	immunizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
immunizowała	immunizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
immunizowałam	immunizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
immunizowałaś	immunizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
immunizowałby	immunizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
immunizowałbym	immunizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
immunizowałbyś	immunizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
immunizowałem	immunizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
immunizowałeś	immunizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
immunizował	immunizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
immunizował	immunizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
immunizowałoby	immunizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
immunizowałobym	immunizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
immunizowałobyś	immunizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
immunizowało	immunizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
immunizowało	immunizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
immunizowałom	immunizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
immunizowałoś	immunizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
immunizowałyby	immunizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
immunizowałybyście	immunizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
immunizowałybyśmy	immunizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
immunizowały	immunizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
immunizowały	immunizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
immunizowałyście	immunizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
immunizowałyśmy	immunizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
immunizowana	immunizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
immunizowaną	immunizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
immunizowanego	immunizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
immunizowanego	immunizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowane	immunizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowane	immunizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowanej	immunizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
immunizowanemu	immunizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowaniach	immunizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowania	immunizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowania	immunizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowaniami	immunizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowanie	immunizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowaniem	immunizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowani	immunizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
immunizowaniom	immunizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowaniu	immunizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizowano	immunizować	imps:imperf		
immunizowanych	immunizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
immunizowanych	immunizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowany	immunizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
immunizowany	immunizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
immunizowanymi	immunizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowanym	immunizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowanym	immunizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizowań	immunizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
immunizująca	immunizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
immunizującą	immunizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
immunizującego	immunizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
immunizującego	immunizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizujące	immunizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizujące	immunizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
immunizującej	immunizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
immunizującemu	immunizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizując	immunizować	pcon:imperf		
immunizująco	immunizować	pacta		
immunizujących	immunizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
immunizujących	immunizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizujący	immunizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
immunizujący	immunizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
immunizujący	immunizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
immunizującymi	immunizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizującym	immunizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
immunizującym	immunizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
immunizują	immunizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
immunizujcie	immunizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
immunizujecie	immunizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
immunizuje	immunizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
immunizujemy	immunizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
immunizujesz	immunizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
immunizuję	immunizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
immunizuj	immunizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
immunizujmy	immunizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
immunobiologiach	immunobiologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologia	immunobiologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologiami	immunobiologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologią	immunobiologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologie	immunobiologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologię	immunobiologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologii	immunobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunobiologii	immunobiologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologii	immunobiologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologij	immunobiologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunobiologio	immunobiologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunobiologiom	immunobiologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiach	immunochemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemia	immunochemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiami	immunochemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemią	immunochemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemie	immunochemia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemię	immunochemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemii	immunochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunochemii	immunochemia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemii	immunochemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemij	immunochemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunochemio	immunochemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiom	immunochemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemicznościach	immunochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemicznościami	immunochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemicznością	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczności	immunochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczności	immunochemiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczności	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczności	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczności	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemicznościom	immunochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczność	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczność	immunochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiczna	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunochemiczną	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunochemiczną	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunochemicznego	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunochemicznego	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunochemiczne	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemiczne	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemiczne	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunochemiczne	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunochemicznej	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunochemicznej	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunochemicznej	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunochemicznemu	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunochemiczni	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunochemiczno	immunochemiczny	adja		
immunochemicznych	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunochemicznych	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemicznych	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemiczny	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunochemiczny	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunochemicznymi	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemicznym	immunochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunochemicznym	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunochemicznym	immunochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunochemicy	immunochemik	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemikach	immunochemik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemika	immunochemik	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemikami	immunochemik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemikiem	immunochemik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiki	immunochemik	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemik	immunochemik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemikom	immunochemik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemikowi	immunochemik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemików	immunochemik	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiku	immunochemik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunochemiku	immunochemik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresjach	immunodepresja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresja	immunodepresja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresjami	immunodepresja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresją	immunodepresja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresje	immunodepresja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresję	immunodepresja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresji	immunodepresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunodepresji	immunodepresja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresji	immunodepresja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresjo	immunodepresja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresjom	immunodepresja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyj	immunodepresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunodepresyjnościach	immunodepresyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjnościami	immunodepresyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjnością	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjności	immunodepresyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjności	immunodepresyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjności	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjności	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjności	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjnościom	immunodepresyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjność	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjność	immunodepresyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunodepresyjna	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunodepresyjną	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunodepresyjną	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunodepresyjnego	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunodepresyjnego	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunodepresyjne	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjne	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjne	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunodepresyjne	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunodepresyjnej	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunodepresyjnej	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunodepresyjnej	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunodepresyjnemu	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunodepresyjni	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunodepresyjno	immunodepresyjny	adja		
immunodepresyjnych	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunodepresyjnych	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjnych	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjny	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunodepresyjny	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunodepresyjnymi	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjnym	immunodepresyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunodepresyjnym	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunodepresyjnym	immunodepresyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunofluorescencjach	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencja	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencjami	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencją	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencje	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencję	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencji	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunofluorescencji	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencji	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencjo	immunofluorescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencjom	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunofluorescencyj	immunofluorescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunogenetyce	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetykach	immunogenetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyka	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetykami	immunogenetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyką	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetykę	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyki	immunogenetyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyki	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyk	immunogenetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetyko	immunogenetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenetykom	immunogenetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogennie	immunogennie	adv:pos		
immunogennościach	immunogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogennościami	immunogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogennością	immunogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenności	immunogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenności	immunogenność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenności	immunogenność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenności	immunogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenności	immunogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogennościom	immunogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenność	immunogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenność	immunogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunogenna	immunogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunogenną	immunogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunogenną	immunogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunogennego	immunogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunogennego	immunogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunogenne	immunogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogenne	immunogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogenne	immunogenny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunogenne	immunogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunogennej	immunogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunogennej	immunogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunogennej	immunogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunogennemu	immunogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunogenni	immunogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunogenno	immunogenny	adja		
immunogennych	immunogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunogennych	immunogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogennych	immunogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogenny	immunogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunogenny	immunogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunogennymi	immunogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogennym	immunogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunogennym	immunogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunogennym	immunogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunoglobinach	immunoglobina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobina	immunoglobina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobinami	immunoglobina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobiną	immunoglobina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobinę	immunoglobina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobinie	immunoglobina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobin	immunoglobina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobino	immunoglobina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobinom	immunoglobina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobiny	immunoglobina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobiny	immunoglobina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulinach	immunoglobulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulina	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulinami	immunoglobulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobuliną	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulinę	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulinie	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulin	immunoglobulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulino	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobulinom	immunoglobulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobuliny	immunoglobulina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoglobuliny	immunoglobulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologiach	immunohematologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologia	immunohematologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologiami	immunohematologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologią	immunohematologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologie	immunohematologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologię	immunohematologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologii	immunohematologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunohematologii	immunohematologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologii	immunohematologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologij	immunohematologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunohematologio	immunohematologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunohematologiom	immunohematologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunolodzy	immunolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologach	immunolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologa	immunolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologami	immunolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiem	immunolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologi	immunolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
immunolog	immunolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologom	immunolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologowie	immunolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologowi	immunolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologów	immunolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologu	immunolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologu	immunolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiach	immunologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologia	immunologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiami	immunologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologią	immunologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologie	immunologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologię	immunologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologii	immunologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunologii	immunologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologii	immunologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologij	immunologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunologio	immunologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiom	immunologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologicznie	immunologicznie	adv:pos		
immunologicznościach	immunologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologicznościami	immunologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologicznością	immunologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczności	immunologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczności	immunologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczności	immunologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczności	immunologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczności	immunologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologicznościom	immunologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczność	immunologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczność	immunologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunologiczna	immunologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunologiczną	immunologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunologiczną	immunologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunologicznego	immunologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunologicznego	immunologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunologiczne	immunologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologiczne	immunologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologiczne	immunologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunologiczne	immunologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunologicznej	immunologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunologicznej	immunologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunologicznej	immunologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunologicznemu	immunologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunologiczni	immunologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunologiczno	immunologiczny	adja		
immunologicznych	immunologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunologicznych	immunologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologicznych	immunologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologiczny	immunologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunologiczny	immunologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunologicznymi	immunologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologicznym	immunologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunologicznym	immunologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunologicznym	immunologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunopatologiach	immunopatologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologia	immunopatologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologiami	immunopatologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologią	immunopatologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologie	immunopatologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologię	immunopatologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologii	immunopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunopatologii	immunopatologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologii	immunopatologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologij	immunopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunopatologio	immunopatologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunopatologiom	immunopatologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresjach	immunosupresja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresja	immunosupresja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresjami	immunosupresja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresją	immunosupresja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresje	immunosupresja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresję	immunosupresja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresji	immunosupresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunosupresji	immunosupresja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresji	immunosupresja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresjo	immunosupresja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresjom	immunosupresja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyj	immunosupresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunosupresyjnościach	immunosupresyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjnościami	immunosupresyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjnością	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjności	immunosupresyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjności	immunosupresyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjności	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjności	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjności	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjnościom	immunosupresyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjność	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjność	immunosupresyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunosupresyjna	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
immunosupresyjną	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
immunosupresyjną	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
immunosupresyjnego	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
immunosupresyjnego	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunosupresyjne	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjne	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjne	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
immunosupresyjne	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
immunosupresyjnej	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
immunosupresyjnej	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
immunosupresyjnej	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
immunosupresyjnemu	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunosupresyjni	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
immunosupresyjno	immunosupresyjny	adja		
immunosupresyjnych	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
immunosupresyjnych	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjnych	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjny	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
immunosupresyjny	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
immunosupresyjnymi	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjnym	immunosupresyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
immunosupresyjnym	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunosupresyjnym	immunosupresyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
immunoterapiach	immunoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapia	immunoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapiami	immunoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapią	immunoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapie	immunoterapia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapię	immunoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapii	immunoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
immunoterapii	immunoterapia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapii	immunoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapij	immunoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
immunoterapio	immunoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
immunoterapiom	immunoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imościance	imościanka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanek	imościanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościankach	imościanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanka	imościanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościankami	imościanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanką	imościanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościankę	imościanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanki	imościanka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanki	imościanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościanko	imościanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościankom	imościanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościnościach	imościność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościnościami	imościność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościnością	imościność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościności	imościność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościności	imościność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościności	imościność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościności	imościność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościności	imościność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościnościom	imościność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościność	imościność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościność	imościność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościna	imościny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
imościną	imościny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
imościną	imościny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
imościnego	imościny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
imościnego	imościny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imościne	imościny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościne	imościny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościne	imościny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
imościne	imościny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
imościnej	imościny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
imościnej	imościny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
imościnej	imościny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
imościnemu	imościny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imościni	imościny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
imościn	imościny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
imościn	imościny	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
imościno	imościny	adja		daw.
imościnych	imościny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
imościnych	imościny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościnych	imościny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościny	imościny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
imościny	imościny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
imościnymi	imościny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościnym	imościny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
imościnym	imościny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imościnym	imościny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
imościach	imość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościami	imość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imością	imość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imości	imość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imości	imość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imości	imość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imości	imość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imości	imość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imościom	imość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imość	imość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imość	imość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impakcjach	impakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcja	impakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcjami	impakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcją	impakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcje	impakcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcję	impakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcji	impakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impakcji	impakcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcji	impakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcjo	impakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcjom	impakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impakcyj	impakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impakcie	impakt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impakcie	impakt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktach	impakt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktami	impakt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktem	impakt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impakt	impakt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktom	impakt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowi	impakt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktów	impakt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktu	impakt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impakty	impakt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowościach	impaktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowościami	impaktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowością	impaktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowości	impaktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowości	impaktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowości	impaktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowości	impaktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowości	impaktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowościom	impaktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowość	impaktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowość	impaktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impaktowa	impaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impaktową	impaktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impaktową	impaktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impaktowego	impaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impaktowego	impaktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impaktowe	impaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowe	impaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowe	impaktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impaktowe	impaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impaktowej	impaktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impaktowej	impaktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impaktowej	impaktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impaktowemu	impaktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impaktowi	impaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impaktowo	impaktowy	adja		
impaktowych	impaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impaktowych	impaktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowych	impaktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowy	impaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impaktowy	impaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impaktowymi	impaktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowym	impaktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impaktowym	impaktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impaktowym	impaktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impalach	impala	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impala	impala	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impalami	impala	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impalą	impala	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impale	impala	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impalę	impala	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impali	impala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impali	impala	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impali	impala	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impal	impala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
impalo	impala	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impalom	impala	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imparcjalnościach	imparcjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalnościami	imparcjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalnością	imparcjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalności	imparcjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalności	imparcjalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalności	imparcjalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalności	imparcjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalności	imparcjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalnościom	imparcjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalność	imparcjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalność	imparcjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imparcjalna	imparcjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalną	imparcjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalną	imparcjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalnego	imparcjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
imparcjalnego	imparcjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalne	imparcjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalne	imparcjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalne	imparcjalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
imparcjalne	imparcjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
imparcjalnej	imparcjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalnej	imparcjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalnej	imparcjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
imparcjalnemu	imparcjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalni	imparcjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
imparcjalno	imparcjalny	adja		przest.
imparcjalnych	imparcjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
imparcjalnych	imparcjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalnych	imparcjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalny	imparcjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
imparcjalny	imparcjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
imparcjalnymi	imparcjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalnym	imparcjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalnym	imparcjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
imparcjalnym	imparcjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
impasach	impas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasami	impas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasem	impas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasie	impas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasie	impas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impas	impas	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasom	impas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasowi	impas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasów	impas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasu	impas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasy	impas	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasować	impasować	inf:imperf		karc.
impasowaliby	impasować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowalibyście	impasować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowalibyśmy	impasować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowali	impasować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		karc.
impasowali	impasować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowaliście	impasować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowaliśmy	impasować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałaby	impasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałabym	impasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałabyś	impasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowała	impasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		karc.
impasowała	impasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałam	impasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałaś	impasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowałby	impasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałbym	impasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałbyś	impasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowałem	impasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałeś	impasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		karc.
impasował	impasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		karc.
impasował	impasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałoby	impasować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałobym	impasować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałobyś	impasować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowało	impasować	praet:sg:n:imperf		karc.
impasowało	impasować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałom	impasować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowałoś	impasować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowałyby	impasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałybyście	impasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowałybyśmy	impasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowały	impasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		karc.
impasowały	impasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		karc.
impasowałyście	impasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		karc.
impasowałyśmy	impasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowana	impasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impasowaną	impasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impasowanego	impasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impasowanego	impasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasowane	impasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasowane	impasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impasowanej	impasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impasowanemu	impasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasowaniach	impasować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
impasowania	impasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impasowania	impasować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impasowaniami	impasować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impasowanie	impasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impasowaniem	impasować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impasowani	impasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impasowaniom	impasować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
impasowaniu	impasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
impasowano	impasować	imps:imperf		karc.
impasowanych	impasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impasowanych	impasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasowany	impasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impasowany	impasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impasowanymi	impasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasowanym	impasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasowanym	impasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasowań	impasować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impasująca	impasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impasującą	impasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impasującego	impasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impasującego	impasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasujące	impasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasujące	impasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impasującej	impasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impasującemu	impasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasując	impasować	pcon:imperf		karc.
impasująco	impasować	pacta		
impasujących	impasować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impasujących	impasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasujący	impasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impasujący	impasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impasujący	impasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impasującymi	impasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasującym	impasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impasującym	impasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impasują	impasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		karc.
impasujcie	impasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		karc.
impasujecie	impasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		karc.
impasuje	impasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		karc.
impasujemy	impasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		karc.
impasujesz	impasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		karc.
impasuję	impasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		karc.
impasuj	impasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		karc.
impasujmy	impasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		karc.
impasowościach	impasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowościami	impasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowością	impasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowości	impasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowości	impasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowości	impasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowości	impasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowości	impasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowościom	impasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowość	impasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowość	impasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impasowa	impasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impasową	impasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impasową	impasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impasowego	impasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impasowego	impasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impasowe	impasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowe	impasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowe	impasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impasowe	impasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impasowej	impasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impasowej	impasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impasowej	impasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impasowemu	impasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impasowi	impasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impasowo	impasowy	adja		
impasowych	impasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impasowych	impasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowych	impasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowy	impasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impasowy	impasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impasowymi	impasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowym	impasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impasowym	impasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impasowym	impasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impastach	impast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastami	impast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastem	impast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impast	impast	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastom	impast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastowi	impast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastów	impast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastu	impast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impasty	impast	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaście	impast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impaście	impast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impastować	impastować	inf:imperf		
impastowaliby	impastować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impastowalibyście	impastować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impastowalibyśmy	impastować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impastowali	impastować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
impastowali	impastować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impastowaliście	impastować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impastowaliśmy	impastować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impastowałaby	impastować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impastowałabym	impastować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impastowałabyś	impastować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impastowała	impastować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
impastowała	impastować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impastowałam	impastować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impastowałaś	impastować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impastowałby	impastować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impastowałbym	impastować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impastowałbyś	impastować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impastowałem	impastować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impastowałeś	impastować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impastował	impastować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
impastował	impastować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impastowałoby	impastować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impastowałobym	impastować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impastowałobyś	impastować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impastowało	impastować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
impastowało	impastować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impastowałom	impastować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impastowałoś	impastować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impastowałyby	impastować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impastowałybyście	impastować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impastowałybyśmy	impastować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impastowały	impastować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
impastowały	impastować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impastowałyście	impastować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impastowałyśmy	impastować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impastowana	impastować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impastowaną	impastować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impastowanego	impastować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impastowanego	impastować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastowane	impastować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastowane	impastować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impastowanej	impastować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impastowanemu	impastować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastowaniach	impastować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
impastowania	impastować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impastowania	impastować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impastowaniami	impastować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impastowanie	impastować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impastowaniem	impastować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impastowani	impastować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impastowaniom	impastować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
impastowaniu	impastować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
impastowano	impastować	imps:imperf		
impastowanych	impastować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impastowanych	impastować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastowany	impastować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impastowany	impastować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impastowanymi	impastować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastowanym	impastować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastowanym	impastować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastowań	impastować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impastująca	impastować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impastującą	impastować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impastującego	impastować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impastującego	impastować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastujące	impastować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastujące	impastować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impastującej	impastować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impastującemu	impastować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastując	impastować	pcon:imperf		
impastująco	impastować	pacta		
impastujących	impastować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impastujących	impastować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastujący	impastować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impastujący	impastować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impastujący	impastować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impastującymi	impastować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastującym	impastować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impastującym	impastować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impastują	impastować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
impastujcie	impastować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
impastujecie	impastować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
impastuje	impastować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
impastujemy	impastować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
impastujesz	impastować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
impastuję	impastować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
impastuj	impastować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
impastujmy	impastować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
impastowościach	impastowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowościami	impastowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowością	impastowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowości	impastowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowości	impastowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowości	impastowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowości	impastowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowości	impastowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowościom	impastowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowość	impastowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowość	impastowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impastowa	impastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impastową	impastowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impastową	impastowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impastowego	impastowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impastowego	impastowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impastowe	impastowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowe	impastowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowe	impastowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impastowe	impastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impastowej	impastowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impastowej	impastowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impastowej	impastowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impastowemu	impastowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impastowi	impastowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impastowo	impastowy	adja		
impastowych	impastowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impastowych	impastowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowych	impastowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowy	impastowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impastowy	impastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impastowymi	impastowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowym	impastowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impastowym	impastowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impastowym	impastowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impeachmencie	impeachment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmencie	impeachment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentach	impeachment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentami	impeachment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentem	impeachment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachment	impeachment	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentom	impeachment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentowi	impeachment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentów	impeachment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmentu	impeachment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impeachmenty	impeachment	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	praw.
impedancjach	impedancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancja	impedancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancjami	impedancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancją	impedancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancje	impedancja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancję	impedancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancji	impedancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impedancji	impedancja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancji	impedancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancjo	impedancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancjom	impedancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impedancyj	impedancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impedymentach	impedymenta	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impedymenta	impedymenta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impedymentami	impedymenta	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impedymentom	impedymenta	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impedymentów	impedymenta	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imperativach	imperativus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativami	imperativus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativem	imperativus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativie	imperativus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativie	imperativus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativom	imperativus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativowi	imperativus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativów	imperativus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativu	imperativus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativus	imperativus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperativy	imperativus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwach	imperatiwus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwami	imperatiwus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwem	imperatiwus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwie	imperatiwus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwie	imperatiwus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwom	imperatiwus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwowi	imperatiwus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwów	imperatiwus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwu	imperatiwus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwus	imperatiwus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatiwy	imperatiwus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorach	imperator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatora	imperator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorami	imperator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorem	imperator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperator	imperator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorom	imperator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowie	imperator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowi	imperator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorów	imperator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatory	imperator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorze	imperator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorze	imperator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorzy	imperator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowa	imperatorowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorową	imperatorowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorową	imperatorowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowe	imperatorowa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowej	imperatorowa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowej	imperatorowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowo	imperatorowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowych	imperatorowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowych	imperatorowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowymi	imperatorowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowym	imperatorowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowościach	imperatorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowościami	imperatorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowością	imperatorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowości	imperatorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowości	imperatorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowości	imperatorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowości	imperatorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowości	imperatorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowościom	imperatorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowość	imperatorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowość	imperatorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorowa	imperatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imperatorową	imperatorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imperatorową	imperatorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imperatorowego	imperatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imperatorowego	imperatorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorowe	imperatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowe	imperatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowe	imperatorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imperatorowe	imperatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imperatorowej	imperatorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imperatorowej	imperatorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imperatorowej	imperatorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imperatorowemu	imperatorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorowi	imperatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imperatorowo	imperatorowy	adja		
imperatorowych	imperatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imperatorowych	imperatorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowych	imperatorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowy	imperatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imperatorowy	imperatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imperatorowymi	imperatorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowym	imperatorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorowym	imperatorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorowym	imperatorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorscy	imperatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imperatorska	imperatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imperatorską	imperatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imperatorską	imperatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imperatorskich	imperatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imperatorskich	imperatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskich	imperatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskiego	imperatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imperatorskiego	imperatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorskie	imperatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskie	imperatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskie	imperatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imperatorskie	imperatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imperatorskiej	imperatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imperatorskiej	imperatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imperatorskiej	imperatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imperatorskiemu	imperatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorski	imperatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imperatorski	imperatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imperatorskimi	imperatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskim	imperatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatorskim	imperatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorskim	imperatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatorsko	imperatorski	adja		
imperatorsku	imperatorski	adjp		
imperatorsko	imperatorsko	adv:pos		
imperatorskościach	imperatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskościami	imperatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskością	imperatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskości	imperatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskości	imperatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskości	imperatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskości	imperatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskości	imperatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskościom	imperatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskość	imperatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatorskość	imperatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmach	imperatoryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmami	imperatoryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmem	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmie	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmie	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzm	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmom	imperatoryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmowi	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmów	imperatoryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmu	imperatoryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatoryzmy	imperatoryzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywach	imperatyw	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywami	imperatyw	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywem	imperatyw	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywie	imperatyw	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywie	imperatyw	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatyw	imperatyw	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywom	imperatyw	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywowi	imperatyw	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywów	imperatyw	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywu	imperatyw	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywy	imperatyw	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywnie	imperatywnie	adv:pos		
imperatywnościach	imperatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywnościami	imperatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywnością	imperatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywności	imperatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywności	imperatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywności	imperatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywności	imperatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywności	imperatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywnościom	imperatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywność	imperatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywność	imperatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperatywna	imperatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imperatywną	imperatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imperatywną	imperatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imperatywnego	imperatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imperatywnego	imperatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatywne	imperatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywne	imperatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywne	imperatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imperatywne	imperatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imperatywnej	imperatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imperatywnej	imperatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imperatywnej	imperatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imperatywnemu	imperatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatywni	imperatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imperatywno	imperatywny	adja		
imperatywnych	imperatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imperatywnych	imperatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywnych	imperatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywny	imperatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imperatywny	imperatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imperatywnymi	imperatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywnym	imperatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperatywnym	imperatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperatywnym	imperatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperfektach	imperfektum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfekta	imperfektum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektami	imperfektum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektom	imperfektum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektów	imperfektum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektum	imperfektum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektum	imperfektum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektum	imperfektum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektum	imperfektum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperfektum	imperfektum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistach	imperialista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialista	imperialista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistami	imperialista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistą	imperialista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistę	imperialista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialisto	imperialista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistom	imperialista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistów	imperialista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialisty	imperialista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperialisty	imperialista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialiście	imperialista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialiści	imperialista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistycznie	imperialistycznie	adv:pos		
imperialistycznościach	imperialistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistycznościami	imperialistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistycznością	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczności	imperialistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczności	imperialistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczności	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczności	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczności	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistycznościom	imperialistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczność	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczność	imperialistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialistyczna	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imperialistyczną	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imperialistyczną	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imperialistycznego	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imperialistycznego	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialistyczne	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistyczne	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistyczne	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imperialistyczne	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imperialistycznej	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imperialistycznej	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imperialistycznej	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imperialistycznemu	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialistyczni	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imperialistyczno	imperialistyczny	adja		
imperialistycznych	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imperialistycznych	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistycznych	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistyczny	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imperialistyczny	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imperialistycznymi	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistycznym	imperialistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialistycznym	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialistycznym	imperialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperializmach	imperializm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmami	imperializm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmem	imperializm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmie	imperializm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmie	imperializm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializm	imperializm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmom	imperializm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmowi	imperializm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmów	imperializm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmu	imperializm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperializmy	imperializm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imperialnie	imperialnie	adv:pos		
imperialnościach	imperialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialnościami	imperialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialnością	imperialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialności	imperialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialności	imperialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialności	imperialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialności	imperialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialności	imperialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialnościom	imperialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialność	imperialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialność	imperialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imperialna	imperialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imperialną	imperialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imperialną	imperialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imperialnego	imperialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imperialnego	imperialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialne	imperialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialne	imperialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialne	imperialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imperialne	imperialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imperialnej	imperialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imperialnej	imperialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imperialnej	imperialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imperialnemu	imperialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialni	imperialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imperialno	imperialny	adja		
imperialnych	imperialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imperialnych	imperialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialnych	imperialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialny	imperialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imperialny	imperialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imperialnymi	imperialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialnym	imperialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imperialnym	imperialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperialnym	imperialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imperiale	imperiał	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiale	imperiał	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałach	imperiał	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiała	imperiał	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałami	imperiał	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałem	imperiał	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiał	imperiał	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałom	imperiał	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałowi	imperiał	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiałów	imperiał	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiały	imperiał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
imperiach	imperium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperia	imperium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperiami	imperium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperiom	imperium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperiów	imperium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperium	imperium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperium	imperium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperium	imperium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperium	imperium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imperium	imperium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalnie	impersonalnie	adv:pos		
impersonalnościach	impersonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalnościami	impersonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalnością	impersonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalności	impersonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalności	impersonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalności	impersonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalności	impersonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalności	impersonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalnościom	impersonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalność	impersonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalność	impersonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impersonalna	impersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impersonalną	impersonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impersonalną	impersonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impersonalnego	impersonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impersonalnego	impersonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impersonalne	impersonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalne	impersonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalne	impersonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impersonalne	impersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impersonalnej	impersonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impersonalnej	impersonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impersonalnej	impersonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impersonalnemu	impersonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impersonalni	impersonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impersonalno	impersonalny	adja		
impersonalnych	impersonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impersonalnych	impersonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalnych	impersonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalny	impersonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impersonalny	impersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impersonalnymi	impersonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalnym	impersonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impersonalnym	impersonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impersonalnym	impersonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impertynencjach	impertynencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencja	impertynencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencjami	impertynencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencją	impertynencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencje	impertynencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencję	impertynencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencji	impertynencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impertynencji	impertynencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencji	impertynencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencjo	impertynencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencjom	impertynencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencyj	impertynencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impertynencjach	impertynencje	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencjami	impertynencje	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencje	impertynencje	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencji	impertynencje	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impertynencjom	impertynencje	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencyj	impertynencje	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impertynenccy	impertynencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impertynencka	impertynencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impertynencką	impertynencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impertynencką	impertynencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impertynenckich	impertynencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impertynenckich	impertynencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckich	impertynencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckiego	impertynencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impertynenckiego	impertynencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impertynenckie	impertynencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckie	impertynencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckie	impertynencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impertynenckie	impertynencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impertynenckiej	impertynencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impertynenckiej	impertynencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impertynenckiej	impertynencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impertynenckiemu	impertynencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impertynencki	impertynencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impertynencki	impertynencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impertynenckimi	impertynencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckim	impertynencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impertynenckim	impertynencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impertynenckim	impertynencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impertynencko	impertynencki	adja		
impertynencku	impertynencki	adjp		
impertynencko	impertynencko	adv:pos		
impertynenckościach	impertynenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckościami	impertynenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckością	impertynenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckości	impertynenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckości	impertynenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckości	impertynenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckości	impertynenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckości	impertynenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckościom	impertynenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckość	impertynenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenckość	impertynenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencie	impertynent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynencie	impertynent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenci	impertynent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentach	impertynent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenta	impertynent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentami	impertynent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentem	impertynent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynent	impertynent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentom	impertynent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentowi	impertynent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentów	impertynent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impertynenty	impertynent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentce	impertynentka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentek	impertynentka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentkach	impertynentka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentka	impertynentka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentkami	impertynentka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentką	impertynentka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentkę	impertynentka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentki	impertynentka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentki	impertynentka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentko	impertynentka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impertynentkom	impertynentka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impecie	impet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impecie	impet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetach	impet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetami	impet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetem	impet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impet	impet	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetom	impet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetowi	impet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetów	impet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetu	impet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impety	impet	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impetycjach	impetycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycja	impetycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycjami	impetycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycją	impetycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycje	impetycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycję	impetycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycji	impetycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impetycji	impetycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycji	impetycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycjo	impetycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycjom	impetycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycyj	impetycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impetyczce	impetyczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczek	impetyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczkach	impetyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczka	impetyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczkami	impetyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczką	impetyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczkę	impetyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczki	impetyczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczki	impetyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczko	impetyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetyczkom	impetyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impetycznie	impetycznie	adv:pos		przest.
impetycznościach	impetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetycznościami	impetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetycznością	impetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczności	impetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczności	impetyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczności	impetyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczności	impetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczności	impetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetycznościom	impetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczność	impetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczność	impetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impetyczna	impetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
impetyczną	impetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
impetyczną	impetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
impetycznego	impetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
impetycznego	impetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
impetyczne	impetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetyczne	impetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetyczne	impetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
impetyczne	impetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
impetycznej	impetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
impetycznej	impetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
impetycznej	impetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
impetycznemu	impetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
impetyczni	impetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
impetyczno	impetyczny	adja		przest.
impetycznych	impetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
impetycznych	impetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetycznych	impetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetyczny	impetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
impetyczny	impetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
impetycznymi	impetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetycznym	impetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
impetycznym	impetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
impetycznym	impetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
impetycy	impetyk	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetykach	impetyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetyka	impetyk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetykami	impetyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetykiem	impetyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetyki	impetyk	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impetyk	impetyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetykom	impetyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetykowi	impetyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetyków	impetyk	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetyku	impetyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impetyku	impetyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
implancie	implant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implancie	implant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantach	implant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantami	implant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantem	implant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implant	implant	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantom	implant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantowi	implant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantów	implant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantu	implant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implanty	implant	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
implantacjach	implantacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacja	implantacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacjami	implantacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacją	implantacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacje	implantacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantację	implantacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacji	implantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
implantacji	implantacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacji	implantacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacjo	implantacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacjom	implantacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyj	implantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
implantacyjnościach	implantacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjnościami	implantacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjnością	implantacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjności	implantacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjności	implantacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjności	implantacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjności	implantacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjności	implantacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjnościom	implantacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjność	implantacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjność	implantacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantacyjna	implantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
implantacyjną	implantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
implantacyjną	implantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
implantacyjnego	implantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
implantacyjnego	implantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantacyjne	implantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjne	implantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjne	implantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
implantacyjne	implantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
implantacyjnej	implantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
implantacyjnej	implantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
implantacyjnej	implantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
implantacyjnemu	implantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantacyjni	implantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
implantacyjno	implantacyjny	adja		
implantacyjnych	implantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
implantacyjnych	implantacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjnych	implantacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjny	implantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
implantacyjny	implantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
implantacyjnymi	implantacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjnym	implantacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantacyjnym	implantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantacyjnym	implantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantologiach	implantologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologia	implantologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologiami	implantologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologią	implantologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologie	implantologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologię	implantologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologii	implantologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
implantologii	implantologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologii	implantologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologij	implantologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
implantologio	implantologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantologiom	implantologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyce	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetykach	implantoprotetyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyka	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetykami	implantoprotetyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyką	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetykę	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyki	implantoprotetyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyki	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyk	implantoprotetyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetyko	implantoprotetyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantoprotetykom	implantoprotetyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantować	implantować	inf:imperf		
implantowaliby	implantować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implantowalibyście	implantować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implantowalibyśmy	implantować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implantowali	implantować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
implantowali	implantować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implantowaliście	implantować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implantowaliśmy	implantować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implantowałaby	implantować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implantowałabym	implantować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implantowałabyś	implantować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implantowała	implantować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
implantowała	implantować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implantowałam	implantować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implantowałaś	implantować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implantowałby	implantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implantowałbym	implantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implantowałbyś	implantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implantowałem	implantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implantowałeś	implantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implantował	implantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
implantował	implantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implantowałoby	implantować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implantowałobym	implantować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implantowałobyś	implantować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implantowało	implantować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
implantowało	implantować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implantowałom	implantować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implantowałoś	implantować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implantowałyby	implantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implantowałybyście	implantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implantowałybyśmy	implantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implantowały	implantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
implantowały	implantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implantowałyście	implantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implantowałyśmy	implantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implantowana	implantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implantowaną	implantować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implantowanego	implantować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implantowanego	implantować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantowane	implantować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantowane	implantować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implantowanej	implantować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implantowanemu	implantować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantowaniach	implantować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
implantowania	implantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implantowania	implantować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implantowaniami	implantować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implantowanie	implantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implantowaniem	implantować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implantowani	implantować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implantowaniom	implantować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
implantowaniu	implantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
implantowano	implantować	imps:imperf		
implantowanych	implantować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implantowanych	implantować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantowany	implantować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implantowany	implantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implantowanymi	implantować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantowanym	implantować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantowanym	implantować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantowań	implantować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implantująca	implantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implantującą	implantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implantującego	implantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implantującego	implantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantujące	implantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantujące	implantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implantującej	implantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implantującemu	implantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantując	implantować	pcon:imperf		
implantująco	implantować	pacta		
implantujących	implantować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implantujących	implantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantujący	implantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implantujący	implantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implantujący	implantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implantującymi	implantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantującym	implantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implantującym	implantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implantują	implantować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
implantujcie	implantować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
implantujecie	implantować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
implantuje	implantować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
implantujemy	implantować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
implantujesz	implantować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
implantuję	implantować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
implantuj	implantować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
implantujmy	implantować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
implantowościach	implantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowościami	implantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowością	implantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowości	implantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowości	implantowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowości	implantowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowości	implantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowości	implantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowościom	implantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowość	implantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowość	implantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implantowa	implantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
implantową	implantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
implantową	implantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
implantowego	implantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
implantowego	implantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantowe	implantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowe	implantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowe	implantowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
implantowe	implantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
implantowej	implantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
implantowej	implantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
implantowej	implantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
implantowemu	implantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantowi	implantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
implantowo	implantowy	adja		
implantowych	implantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
implantowych	implantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowych	implantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowy	implantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
implantowy	implantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
implantowymi	implantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowym	implantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implantowym	implantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implantowym	implantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implementacjach	implementacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacja	implementacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacjami	implementacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacją	implementacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacje	implementacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementację	implementacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacji	implementacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
implementacji	implementacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacji	implementacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacjo	implementacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacjom	implementacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyj	implementacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
implementacyjnościach	implementacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjnościami	implementacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjnością	implementacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjności	implementacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjności	implementacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjności	implementacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjności	implementacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjności	implementacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjnościom	implementacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjność	implementacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjność	implementacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implementacyjna	implementacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
implementacyjną	implementacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
implementacyjną	implementacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
implementacyjnego	implementacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
implementacyjnego	implementacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implementacyjne	implementacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjne	implementacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjne	implementacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
implementacyjne	implementacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
implementacyjnej	implementacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
implementacyjnej	implementacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
implementacyjnej	implementacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
implementacyjnemu	implementacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implementacyjni	implementacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
implementacyjno	implementacyjny	adja		
implementacyjnych	implementacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
implementacyjnych	implementacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjnych	implementacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjny	implementacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
implementacyjny	implementacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
implementacyjnymi	implementacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjnym	implementacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implementacyjnym	implementacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implementacyjnym	implementacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implementować	implementować	inf:imperf		
implementowaliby	implementować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implementowalibyście	implementować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implementowalibyśmy	implementować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implementowali	implementować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
implementowali	implementować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implementowaliście	implementować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implementowaliśmy	implementować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implementowałaby	implementować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implementowałabym	implementować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implementowałabyś	implementować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implementowała	implementować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
implementowała	implementować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implementowałam	implementować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implementowałaś	implementować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implementowałby	implementować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implementowałbym	implementować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implementowałbyś	implementować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implementowałem	implementować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implementowałeś	implementować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implementował	implementować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
implementował	implementować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implementowałoby	implementować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implementowałobym	implementować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implementowałobyś	implementować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implementowało	implementować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
implementowało	implementować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implementowałom	implementować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implementowałoś	implementować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implementowałyby	implementować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implementowałybyście	implementować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implementowałybyśmy	implementować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implementowały	implementować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
implementowały	implementować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implementowałyście	implementować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implementowałyśmy	implementować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implementowana	implementować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implementowaną	implementować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implementowanego	implementować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implementowanego	implementować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementowane	implementować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementowane	implementować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implementowanej	implementować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implementowanemu	implementować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementowaniach	implementować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
implementowania	implementować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implementowania	implementować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implementowaniami	implementować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implementowanie	implementować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implementowaniem	implementować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implementowani	implementować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implementowaniom	implementować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
implementowaniu	implementować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
implementowano	implementować	imps:imperf		
implementowanych	implementować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implementowanych	implementować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementowany	implementować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implementowany	implementować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implementowanymi	implementować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementowanym	implementować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementowanym	implementować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementowań	implementować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implementująca	implementować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implementującą	implementować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implementującego	implementować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implementującego	implementować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementujące	implementować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementujące	implementować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implementującej	implementować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implementującemu	implementować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementując	implementować	pcon:imperf		
implementująco	implementować	pacta		
implementujących	implementować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implementujących	implementować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementujący	implementować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implementujący	implementować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implementujący	implementować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implementującymi	implementować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementującym	implementować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implementującym	implementować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implementują	implementować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
implementujcie	implementować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
implementujecie	implementować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
implementuje	implementować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
implementujemy	implementować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
implementujesz	implementować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
implementuję	implementować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
implementuj	implementować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
implementujmy	implementować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
implicite	implicite	adv		
implicytnie	implicytnie	adv:pos		
implicytnościach	implicytność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytnościami	implicytność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytnością	implicytność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytności	implicytność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytności	implicytność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytności	implicytność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytności	implicytność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytności	implicytność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytnościom	implicytność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytność	implicytność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytność	implicytność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implicytna	implicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
implicytną	implicytny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
implicytną	implicytny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
implicytnego	implicytny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
implicytnego	implicytny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implicytne	implicytny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytne	implicytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytne	implicytny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
implicytne	implicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
implicytnej	implicytny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
implicytnej	implicytny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
implicytnej	implicytny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
implicytnemu	implicytny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implicytni	implicytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
implicytno	implicytny	adja		
implicytnych	implicytny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
implicytnych	implicytny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytnych	implicytny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytny	implicytny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
implicytny	implicytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
implicytnymi	implicytny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytnym	implicytny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implicytnym	implicytny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implicytnym	implicytny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implikacjach	implikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacja	implikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacjami	implikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacją	implikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacje	implikacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikację	implikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacji	implikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
implikacji	implikacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacji	implikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacjo	implikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacjom	implikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyj	implikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
implikacyjnościach	implikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjnościami	implikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjnością	implikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjności	implikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjności	implikacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjności	implikacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjności	implikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjności	implikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjnościom	implikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjność	implikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjność	implikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implikacyjna	implikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
implikacyjną	implikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
implikacyjną	implikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
implikacyjnego	implikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
implikacyjnego	implikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implikacyjne	implikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjne	implikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjne	implikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
implikacyjne	implikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
implikacyjnej	implikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
implikacyjnej	implikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
implikacyjnej	implikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
implikacyjnemu	implikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implikacyjni	implikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
implikacyjno	implikacyjny	adja		
implikacyjnych	implikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
implikacyjnych	implikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjnych	implikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjny	implikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
implikacyjny	implikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
implikacyjnymi	implikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjnym	implikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
implikacyjnym	implikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implikacyjnym	implikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
implikować	implikować	inf:imperf		
implikowaliby	implikować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implikowalibyście	implikować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implikowalibyśmy	implikować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implikowali	implikować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
implikowali	implikować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implikowaliście	implikować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implikowaliśmy	implikować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implikowałaby	implikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implikowałabym	implikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implikowałabyś	implikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implikowała	implikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
implikowała	implikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implikowałam	implikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implikowałaś	implikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implikowałby	implikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implikowałbym	implikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implikowałbyś	implikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implikowałem	implikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implikowałeś	implikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implikował	implikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
implikował	implikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implikowałoby	implikować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implikowałobym	implikować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implikowałobyś	implikować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implikowało	implikować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
implikowało	implikować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implikowałom	implikować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implikowałoś	implikować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implikowałyby	implikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implikowałybyście	implikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implikowałybyśmy	implikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implikowały	implikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
implikowały	implikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implikowałyście	implikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implikowałyśmy	implikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implikowana	implikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implikowaną	implikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implikowanego	implikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implikowanego	implikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikowane	implikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikowane	implikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implikowanej	implikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implikowanemu	implikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikowaniach	implikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
implikowania	implikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implikowania	implikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implikowaniami	implikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implikowanie	implikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implikowaniem	implikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implikowani	implikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implikowaniom	implikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
implikowaniu	implikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
implikowano	implikować	imps:imperf		
implikowanych	implikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implikowanych	implikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikowany	implikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implikowany	implikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implikowanymi	implikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikowanym	implikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikowanym	implikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikowań	implikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implikująca	implikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implikującą	implikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implikującego	implikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implikującego	implikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikujące	implikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikujące	implikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implikującej	implikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implikującemu	implikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikując	implikować	pcon:imperf		
implikująco	implikować	pacta		
implikujących	implikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implikujących	implikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikujący	implikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implikujący	implikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implikujący	implikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implikującymi	implikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikującym	implikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implikującym	implikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implikują	implikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
implikujcie	implikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
implikujecie	implikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
implikuje	implikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
implikujemy	implikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
implikujesz	implikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
implikuję	implikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
implikuj	implikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
implikujmy	implikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
implodować	implodować	inf:imperf		
implodowaliby	implodować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implodowalibyście	implodować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implodowalibyśmy	implodować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implodowali	implodować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
implodowali	implodować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
implodowaliście	implodować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
implodowaliśmy	implodować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
implodowałaby	implodować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implodowałabym	implodować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implodowałabyś	implodować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implodowała	implodować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
implodowała	implodować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
implodowałam	implodować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
implodowałaś	implodować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
implodowałby	implodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implodowałbym	implodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implodowałbyś	implodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implodowałem	implodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
implodowałeś	implodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
implodował	implodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
implodował	implodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
implodowałoby	implodować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implodowałobym	implodować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implodowałobyś	implodować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implodowało	implodować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
implodowało	implodować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
implodowałom	implodować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
implodowałoś	implodować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
implodowałyby	implodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implodowałybyście	implodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implodowałybyśmy	implodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implodowały	implodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
implodowały	implodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
implodowałyście	implodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
implodowałyśmy	implodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
implodowaniach	implodować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
implodowania	implodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implodowania	implodować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implodowaniami	implodować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implodowanie	implodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
implodowaniem	implodować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
implodowaniom	implodować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
implodowaniu	implodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
implodowano	implodować	imps:imperf		
implodowań	implodować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
implodująca	implodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
implodującą	implodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
implodującego	implodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
implodującego	implodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implodujące	implodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implodujące	implodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
implodującej	implodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
implodującemu	implodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implodując	implodować	pcon:imperf		
implodująco	implodować	pacta		
implodujących	implodować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
implodujących	implodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implodujący	implodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
implodujący	implodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
implodujący	implodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
implodującymi	implodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implodującym	implodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
implodującym	implodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
implodują	implodować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
implodujcie	implodować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
implodujecie	implodować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imploduje	implodować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
implodujemy	implodować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
implodujesz	implodować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imploduję	implodować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imploduj	implodować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
implodujmy	implodować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
implozjach	implozja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozja	implozja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozjami	implozja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozją	implozja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozje	implozja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozję	implozja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozji	implozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
implozji	implozja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozji	implozja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozjo	implozja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozjom	implozja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
implozyj	implozja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impluviach	impluvium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvia	impluvium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluviami	impluvium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluviom	impluvium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluviów	impluvium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvium	impluvium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvium	impluvium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvium	impluvium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvium	impluvium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluvium	impluvium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwiach	impluwium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwia	impluwium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwiami	impluwium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwiom	impluwium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwiów	impluwium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwium	impluwium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwium	impluwium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwium	impluwium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwium	impluwium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
impluwium	impluwium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imponderabiliach	imponderabilia	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imponderabilia	imponderabilia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imponderabiliami	imponderabilia	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imponderabiliom	imponderabilia	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imponderabiliów	imponderabilia	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
imponować	imponować	inf:imperf		
imponowaliby	imponować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imponowalibyście	imponować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imponowalibyśmy	imponować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imponowali	imponować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
imponowali	imponować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imponowaliście	imponować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imponowaliśmy	imponować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imponowałaby	imponować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imponowałabym	imponować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imponowałabyś	imponować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imponowała	imponować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
imponowała	imponować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imponowałam	imponować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imponowałaś	imponować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imponowałby	imponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imponowałbym	imponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imponowałbyś	imponować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imponowałem	imponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imponowałeś	imponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imponował	imponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
imponował	imponować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imponowałoby	imponować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imponowałobym	imponować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imponowałobyś	imponować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imponowało	imponować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
imponowało	imponować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imponowałom	imponować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imponowałoś	imponować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imponowałyby	imponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imponowałybyście	imponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imponowałybyśmy	imponować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imponowały	imponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
imponowały	imponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imponowałyście	imponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imponowałyśmy	imponować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imponowaniach	imponować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imponowania	imponować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imponowania	imponować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imponowaniami	imponować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imponowanie	imponować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imponowaniem	imponować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imponowaniom	imponować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imponowaniu	imponować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imponowano	imponować	imps:imperf		
imponowań	imponować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imponująca	imponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imponującą	imponować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imponującego	imponować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imponującego	imponować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imponujące	imponować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imponujące	imponować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imponującej	imponować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imponującemu	imponować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imponując	imponować	pcon:imperf		
imponująco	imponować	pacta		
imponujących	imponować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imponujących	imponować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imponujący	imponować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imponujący	imponować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imponujący	imponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imponującymi	imponować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imponującym	imponować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imponującym	imponować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imponują	imponować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
imponujcie	imponować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
imponujecie	imponować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imponuje	imponować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
imponujemy	imponować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
imponujesz	imponować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imponuję	imponować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imponuj	imponować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
imponujmy	imponować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
imponująco	imponująco	adv:pos		
imponująca	imponujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imponującą	imponujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imponującą	imponujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imponującego	imponujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imponującego	imponujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imponujące	imponujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponujące	imponujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponujące	imponujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imponujące	imponujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imponującej	imponujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imponującej	imponujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imponującej	imponujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imponującemu	imponujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imponująco	imponujący	adja		
imponujących	imponujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imponujących	imponujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponujących	imponujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponujący	imponujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imponujący	imponujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imponujący	imponujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imponującymi	imponujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponującym	imponujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imponującym	imponujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imponującym	imponujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imporcie	import	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
imporcie	import	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importach	import	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importami	import	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importem	import	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
import	import	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importom	import	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importowi	import	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importów	import	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importu	import	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importy	import	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
importerach	importer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importera	importer	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerami	importer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerem	importer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importer	importer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerom	importer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerowi	importer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerów	importer	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importery	importer	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
importerze	importer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerze	importer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerzy	importer	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
importerscy	importerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
importerska	importerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
importerską	importerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
importerską	importerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
importerskich	importerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
importerskich	importerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskich	importerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskiego	importerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
importerskiego	importerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importerskie	importerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskie	importerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskie	importerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
importerskie	importerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
importerskiej	importerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
importerskiej	importerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
importerskiej	importerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
importerskiemu	importerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importerski	importerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
importerski	importerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
importerskimi	importerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskim	importerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importerskim	importerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importerskim	importerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importersko	importerski	adja		
importersku	importerski	adjp		
importersko	importersko	adv:pos		
importerskościach	importerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskościami	importerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskością	importerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskości	importerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskości	importerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskości	importerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskości	importerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskości	importerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskościom	importerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskość	importerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importerskość	importerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonnie	importochłonnie	adv:pos		
importochłonnościach	importochłonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonnościami	importochłonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonnością	importochłonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonności	importochłonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonności	importochłonność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonności	importochłonność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonności	importochłonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonności	importochłonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonnościom	importochłonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonność	importochłonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonność	importochłonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
importochłonna	importochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
importochłonną	importochłonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
importochłonną	importochłonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
importochłonnego	importochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
importochłonnego	importochłonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importochłonne	importochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonne	importochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonne	importochłonny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
importochłonne	importochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
importochłonnej	importochłonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
importochłonnej	importochłonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
importochłonnej	importochłonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
importochłonnemu	importochłonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importochłonni	importochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
importochłonno	importochłonny	adja		
importochłonnych	importochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
importochłonnych	importochłonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonnych	importochłonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonny	importochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
importochłonny	importochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
importochłonnymi	importochłonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonnym	importochłonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importochłonnym	importochłonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importochłonnym	importochłonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importować	importować	inf:imperf.perf		
importowaliby	importować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
importowalibyście	importować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
importowalibyśmy	importować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
importowali	importować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
importowali	importować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
importowaliście	importować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
importowaliśmy	importować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałaby	importować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałabym	importować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałabyś	importować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
importowała	importować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
importowała	importować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałam	importować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałaś	importować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
importowałby	importować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałbym	importować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałbyś	importować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
importowałem	importować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałeś	importować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
importował	importować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
importował	importować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałoby	importować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałobym	importować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałobyś	importować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
importowało	importować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
importowało	importować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałom	importować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
importowałoś	importować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
importowałyby	importować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałybyście	importować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
importowałybyśmy	importować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
importowały	importować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
importowały	importować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
importowałyście	importować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
importowałyśmy	importować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
importowana	importować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaną	importować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanego	importować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanego	importować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowane	importować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowane	importować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanej	importować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanemu	importować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaniach	importować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowania	importować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowania	importować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaniami	importować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanie	importować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaniem	importować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowani	importować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaniom	importować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowaniu	importować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowano	importować	imps:imperf.perf		
importowanych	importować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanych	importować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowany	importować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
importowany	importować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanymi	importować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanym	importować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowanym	importować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowań	importować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
importowawszy	importować	pant:perf		
importująca	importować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
importującą	importować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
importującego	importować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
importującego	importować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
importujące	importować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
importujące	importować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
importującej	importować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
importującemu	importować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
importując	importować	pcon:imperf		
importująco	importować	pacta		
importujących	importować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
importujących	importować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
importujący	importować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
importujący	importować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
importujący	importować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
importującymi	importować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
importującym	importować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
importującym	importować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
importują	importować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
importujcie	importować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
importujecie	importować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
importuje	importować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
importujemy	importować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
importujesz	importować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
importuję	importować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
importuj	importować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
importujmy	importować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
importowościach	importowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowościami	importowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowością	importowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowości	importowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowości	importowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowości	importowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowości	importowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowości	importowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowościom	importowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowość	importowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowość	importowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
importowa	importowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
importową	importowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
importową	importowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
importowego	importowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
importowego	importowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importowe	importowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowe	importowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowe	importowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
importowe	importowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
importowej	importowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
importowej	importowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
importowej	importowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
importowemu	importowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importowi	importowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
importowo	importowy	adja		
importowych	importowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
importowych	importowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowych	importowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowy	importowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
importowy	importowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
importowymi	importowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowym	importowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
importowym	importowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importowym	importowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
importunach	importun	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importuna	importun	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunami	importun	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunem	importun	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunie	importun	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunie	importun	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importuni	importun	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importun	importun	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunom	importun	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunowi	importun	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importunów	importun	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
importuny	importun	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impostach	impost	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostami	impost	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostem	impost	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impost	impost	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostom	impost	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostowi	impost	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostów	impost	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostu	impost	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposty	impost	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impoście	impost	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impoście	impost	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impostacjach	impostacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacja	impostacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacjami	impostacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacją	impostacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacje	impostacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostację	impostacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacji	impostacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impostacji	impostacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacji	impostacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacjo	impostacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacjom	impostacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impostacyj	impostacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imposterach	imposter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impostera	imposter	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterami	imposter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterem	imposter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposter	imposter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterom	imposter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterowi	imposter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterów	imposter	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impostery	imposter	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterze	imposter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterze	imposter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imposterzy	imposter	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impostorach	impostor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostora	impostor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorami	impostor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorem	impostor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostor	impostor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorom	impostor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorowi	impostor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorów	impostor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostory	impostor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impostorze	impostor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorze	impostor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impostorzy	impostor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
imposturach	impostura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impostura	impostura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturami	impostura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturą	impostura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturę	impostura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impostur	impostura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturo	impostura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturom	impostura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impostury	impostura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impostury	impostura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposturze	impostura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
imposybilizmach	imposybilizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmami	imposybilizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmem	imposybilizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmie	imposybilizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmie	imposybilizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizm	imposybilizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmom	imposybilizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmowi	imposybilizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmów	imposybilizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmu	imposybilizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imposybilizmy	imposybilizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impotencjach	impotencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencja	impotencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencjami	impotencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencją	impotencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencje	impotencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencję	impotencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencji	impotencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impotencji	impotencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencji	impotencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencjo	impotencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencjom	impotencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencyj	impotencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impotenccy	impotencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impotencka	impotencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impotencką	impotencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impotencką	impotencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impotenckich	impotencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impotenckich	impotencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckich	impotencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckiego	impotencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impotenckiego	impotencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotenckie	impotencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckie	impotencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckie	impotencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impotenckie	impotencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impotenckiej	impotencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impotenckiej	impotencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impotenckiej	impotencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impotenckiemu	impotencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotencki	impotencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impotencki	impotencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impotenckimi	impotencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckim	impotencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotenckim	impotencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotenckim	impotencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotencko	impotencki	adja		
impotencku	impotencki	adjp		
impotencko	impotencko	adv:pos		
impotenckościach	impotenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckościami	impotenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckością	impotenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckości	impotenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckości	impotenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckości	impotenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckości	impotenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckości	impotenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckościom	impotenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckość	impotenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotenckość	impotenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotencie	impotent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotencie	impotent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotenci	impotent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentach	impotent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotenta	impotent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentami	impotent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentem	impotent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotent	impotent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentom	impotent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentowi	impotent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotentów	impotent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impotenty	impotent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impotentnościach	impotentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentnościami	impotentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentnością	impotentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentności	impotentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentności	impotentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentności	impotentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentności	impotentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentności	impotentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentnościom	impotentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentność	impotentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentność	impotentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impotentna	impotentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impotentną	impotentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impotentną	impotentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impotentnego	impotentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impotentnego	impotentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotentne	impotentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentne	impotentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentne	impotentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impotentne	impotentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impotentnej	impotentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impotentnej	impotentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impotentnej	impotentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impotentnemu	impotentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotentni	impotentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impotentno	impotentny	adja		
impotentnych	impotentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impotentnych	impotentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentnych	impotentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentny	impotentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impotentny	impotentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impotentnymi	impotentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentnym	impotentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impotentnym	impotentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impotentnym	impotentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impozycjach	impozycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycja	impozycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycjami	impozycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycją	impozycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycje	impozycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycję	impozycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycji	impozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
impozycji	impozycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycji	impozycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycjo	impozycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycjom	impozycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
impozycyj	impozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
imprach	impra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impra	impra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprami	impra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprą	impra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprę	impra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impr	impra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impro	impra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improm	impra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impry	impra	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impry	impra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprze	impra	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacjach	impregnacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacja	impregnacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacjami	impregnacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacją	impregnacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacje	impregnacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnację	impregnacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacji	impregnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impregnacji	impregnacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacji	impregnacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacjo	impregnacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacjom	impregnacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyj	impregnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impregnacyjnościach	impregnacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjnościami	impregnacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjnością	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjności	impregnacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjności	impregnacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjności	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjności	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjności	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjnościom	impregnacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjność	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjność	impregnacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacyjna	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impregnacyjną	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impregnacyjną	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impregnacyjnego	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impregnacyjnego	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impregnacyjne	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjne	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjne	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impregnacyjne	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impregnacyjnej	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impregnacyjnej	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impregnacyjnej	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impregnacyjnemu	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impregnacyjni	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impregnacyjno	impregnacyjny	adja		
impregnacyjnych	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impregnacyjnych	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjnych	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjny	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impregnacyjny	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impregnacyjnymi	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjnym	impregnacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impregnacyjnym	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impregnacyjnym	impregnacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impregnarce	impregnarka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarek	impregnarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarkach	impregnarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarka	impregnarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarkami	impregnarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarką	impregnarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarkę	impregnarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarki	impregnarka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarki	impregnarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarko	impregnarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnarkom	impregnarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacie	impregnat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnacie	impregnat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatach	impregnat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatami	impregnat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatem	impregnat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnat	impregnat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatom	impregnat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatowi	impregnat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatów	impregnat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatu	impregnat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnaty	impregnat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorach	impregnator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatora	impregnator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorami	impregnator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorem	impregnator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnator	impregnator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorom	impregnator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorowi	impregnator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorów	impregnator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatory	impregnator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorze	impregnator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnatorze	impregnator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impregnować	impregnować	inf:imperf		
impregnowaliby	impregnować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impregnowalibyście	impregnować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impregnowalibyśmy	impregnować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impregnowali	impregnować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
impregnowali	impregnować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impregnowaliście	impregnować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impregnowaliśmy	impregnować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impregnowałaby	impregnować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impregnowałabym	impregnować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impregnowałabyś	impregnować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impregnowała	impregnować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
impregnowała	impregnować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impregnowałam	impregnować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impregnowałaś	impregnować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impregnowałby	impregnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impregnowałbym	impregnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impregnowałbyś	impregnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impregnowałem	impregnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impregnowałeś	impregnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impregnował	impregnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
impregnował	impregnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impregnowałoby	impregnować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impregnowałobym	impregnować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impregnowałobyś	impregnować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impregnowało	impregnować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
impregnowało	impregnować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impregnowałom	impregnować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impregnowałoś	impregnować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impregnowałyby	impregnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impregnowałybyście	impregnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impregnowałybyśmy	impregnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impregnowały	impregnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
impregnowały	impregnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impregnowałyście	impregnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impregnowałyśmy	impregnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impregnowana	impregnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impregnowaną	impregnować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impregnowanego	impregnować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impregnowanego	impregnować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowane	impregnować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowane	impregnować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowanej	impregnować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impregnowanemu	impregnować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowaniach	impregnować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowania	impregnować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowania	impregnować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowaniami	impregnować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowanie	impregnować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowaniem	impregnować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowani	impregnować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impregnowaniom	impregnować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowaniu	impregnować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnowano	impregnować	imps:imperf		
impregnowanych	impregnować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impregnowanych	impregnować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowany	impregnować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impregnowany	impregnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impregnowanymi	impregnować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowanym	impregnować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowanym	impregnować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnowań	impregnować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impregnująca	impregnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impregnującą	impregnować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impregnującego	impregnować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impregnującego	impregnować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnujące	impregnować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnujące	impregnować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impregnującej	impregnować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impregnującemu	impregnować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnując	impregnować	pcon:imperf		
impregnująco	impregnować	pacta		
impregnujących	impregnować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impregnujących	impregnować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnujący	impregnować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impregnujący	impregnować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impregnujący	impregnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impregnującymi	impregnować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnującym	impregnować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impregnującym	impregnować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impregnują	impregnować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
impregnujcie	impregnować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
impregnujecie	impregnować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
impregnuje	impregnować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
impregnujemy	impregnować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
impregnujesz	impregnować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
impregnuję	impregnować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
impregnuj	impregnować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
impregnujmy	impregnować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
impresariacie	impresariat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariacie	impresariat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatach	impresariat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatami	impresariat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatem	impresariat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariat	impresariat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatom	impresariat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatowi	impresariat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatów	impresariat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariatu	impresariat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariaty	impresariat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresariach	impresario	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresaria	impresario	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariami	impresario	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresarie	impresario	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impresariem	impresario	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresario	impresario	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresario	impresario	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariom	impresario	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariowie	impresario	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariowi	impresario	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariów	impresario	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresariu	impresario	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjnościach	impresaryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjnościami	impresaryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjnością	impresaryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjności	impresaryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjności	impresaryjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjności	impresaryjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjności	impresaryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjności	impresaryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjnościom	impresaryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjność	impresaryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjność	impresaryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresaryjna	impresaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impresaryjną	impresaryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impresaryjną	impresaryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impresaryjnego	impresaryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impresaryjnego	impresaryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresaryjne	impresaryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjne	impresaryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjne	impresaryjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impresaryjne	impresaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impresaryjnej	impresaryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impresaryjnej	impresaryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impresaryjnej	impresaryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impresaryjnemu	impresaryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresaryjni	impresaryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impresaryjno	impresaryjny	adja		
impresaryjnych	impresaryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impresaryjnych	impresaryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjnych	impresaryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjny	impresaryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impresaryjny	impresaryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impresaryjnymi	impresaryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjnym	impresaryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresaryjnym	impresaryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresaryjnym	impresaryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresjach	impresja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresja	impresja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjami	impresja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresją	impresja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresje	impresja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresję	impresja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresji	impresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
impresji	impresja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresji	impresja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjo	impresja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjom	impresja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyj	impresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
impresjonistach	impresjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonista	impresjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistami	impresjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistą	impresjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistę	impresjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonisto	impresjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistom	impresjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistów	impresjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonisty	impresjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonisty	impresjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjoniście	impresjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjoniści	impresjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistce	impresjonistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistek	impresjonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistkach	impresjonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistka	impresjonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistkami	impresjonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistką	impresjonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistkę	impresjonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistki	impresjonistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistki	impresjonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistko	impresjonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistkom	impresjonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistycznie	impresjonistycznie	adv:pos		
impresjonistycznościach	impresjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistycznościami	impresjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistycznością	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczności	impresjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczności	impresjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczności	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczności	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczności	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistycznościom	impresjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczność	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczność	impresjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonistyczna	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impresjonistyczną	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impresjonistyczną	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impresjonistycznego	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impresjonistycznego	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresjonistyczne	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistyczne	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistyczne	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impresjonistyczne	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impresjonistycznej	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impresjonistycznej	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impresjonistycznej	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impresjonistycznemu	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresjonistyczni	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impresjonistyczno	impresjonistyczny	adja		
impresjonistycznych	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impresjonistycznych	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistycznych	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistyczny	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impresjonistyczny	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impresjonistycznymi	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistycznym	impresjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresjonistycznym	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresjonistycznym	impresjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresjonizmach	impresjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmami	impresjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmem	impresjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmie	impresjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmie	impresjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizm	impresjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmom	impresjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmowi	impresjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmów	impresjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmu	impresjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizmy	impresjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impresjonizować	impresjonizować	inf:imperf		
impresjonizowaliby	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowalibyście	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowalibyśmy	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowali	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
impresjonizowali	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowaliście	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowaliśmy	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałaby	impresjonizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałabym	impresjonizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałabyś	impresjonizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowała	impresjonizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
impresjonizowała	impresjonizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałam	impresjonizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałaś	impresjonizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowałby	impresjonizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałbym	impresjonizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałbyś	impresjonizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowałem	impresjonizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałeś	impresjonizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
impresjonizował	impresjonizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
impresjonizował	impresjonizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałoby	impresjonizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałobym	impresjonizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałobyś	impresjonizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowało	impresjonizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
impresjonizowało	impresjonizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałom	impresjonizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowałoś	impresjonizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowałyby	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałybyście	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowałybyśmy	impresjonizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowały	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
impresjonizowały	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
impresjonizowałyście	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
impresjonizowałyśmy	impresjonizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
impresjonizowaniach	impresjonizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowania	impresjonizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowania	impresjonizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowaniami	impresjonizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowanie	impresjonizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowaniem	impresjonizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowaniom	impresjonizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowaniu	impresjonizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizowano	impresjonizować	imps:imperf		
impresjonizowań	impresjonizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizująca	impresjonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującą	impresjonizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującego	impresjonizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującego	impresjonizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujące	impresjonizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujące	impresjonizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującej	impresjonizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującemu	impresjonizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizując	impresjonizować	pcon:imperf		
impresjonizująco	impresjonizować	pacta		
impresjonizujących	impresjonizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujących	impresjonizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujący	impresjonizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujący	impresjonizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impresjonizujący	impresjonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującymi	impresjonizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującym	impresjonizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizującym	impresjonizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impresjonizują	impresjonizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
impresjonizujcie	impresjonizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
impresjonizujecie	impresjonizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
impresjonizuje	impresjonizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
impresjonizujemy	impresjonizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
impresjonizujesz	impresjonizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
impresjonizuję	impresjonizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
impresjonizuj	impresjonizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
impresjonizujmy	impresjonizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
impresorach	impresor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresora	impresor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorami	impresor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorem	impresor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresor	impresor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorom	impresor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorowi	impresor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorów	impresor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresory	impresor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorze	impresor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorze	impresor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresorzy	impresor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impresyjce	impresyjka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjek	impresyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjkach	impresyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjka	impresyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjkami	impresyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjką	impresyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjkę	impresyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjki	impresyjka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjki	impresyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjko	impresyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjkom	impresyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjnie	impresyjnie	adv:pos		
impresyjnościach	impresyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjnościami	impresyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjnością	impresyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjności	impresyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjności	impresyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjności	impresyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjności	impresyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjności	impresyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjnościom	impresyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjność	impresyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjność	impresyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresyjna	impresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impresyjną	impresyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impresyjną	impresyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impresyjnego	impresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impresyjnego	impresyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresyjne	impresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjne	impresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjne	impresyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impresyjne	impresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impresyjnej	impresyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impresyjnej	impresyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impresyjnej	impresyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impresyjnemu	impresyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresyjni	impresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impresyjno	impresyjny	adja		
impresyjnych	impresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impresyjnych	impresyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjnych	impresyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjny	impresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impresyjny	impresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impresyjnymi	impresyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjnym	impresyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresyjnym	impresyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresyjnym	impresyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresywnie	impresywnie	adv:pos		
impresywnościach	impresywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywnościami	impresywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywnością	impresywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywności	impresywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywności	impresywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywności	impresywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywności	impresywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywności	impresywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywnościom	impresywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywność	impresywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywność	impresywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impresywna	impresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impresywną	impresywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impresywną	impresywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impresywnego	impresywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impresywnego	impresywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresywne	impresywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywne	impresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywne	impresywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impresywne	impresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impresywnej	impresywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impresywnej	impresywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impresywnej	impresywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impresywnemu	impresywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresywni	impresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impresywno	impresywny	adja		
impresywnych	impresywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impresywnych	impresywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywnych	impresywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywny	impresywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impresywny	impresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impresywnymi	impresywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywnym	impresywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impresywnym	impresywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impresywnym	impresywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imprezach	impreza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impreza	impreza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezami	impreza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezą	impreza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezę	impreza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezie	impreza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprez	impreza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezo	impreza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezom	impreza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezy	impreza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezy	impreza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezistach	imprezista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezista	imprezista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezistami	imprezista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezistą	imprezista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezistę	imprezista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezisto	imprezista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezistom	imprezista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezistów	imprezista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezisty	imprezista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezisty	imprezista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impreziście	imprezista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
impreziści	imprezista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
imprezce	imprezka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezek	imprezka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezkach	imprezka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezka	imprezka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezkami	imprezka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezką	imprezka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezkę	imprezka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezki	imprezka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezki	imprezka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezko	imprezka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezkom	imprezka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezować	imprezować	inf:imperf		pot.
imprezowaliby	imprezować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowalibyście	imprezować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowalibyśmy	imprezować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowali	imprezować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		pot.
imprezowali	imprezować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowaliście	imprezować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowaliśmy	imprezować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałaby	imprezować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałabym	imprezować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałabyś	imprezować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowała	imprezować	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
imprezowała	imprezować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałam	imprezować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałaś	imprezować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowałby	imprezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałbym	imprezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałbyś	imprezować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowałem	imprezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałeś	imprezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezował	imprezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
imprezował	imprezować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałoby	imprezować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałobym	imprezować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałobyś	imprezować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowało	imprezować	praet:sg:n:imperf		pot.
imprezowało	imprezować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałom	imprezować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowałoś	imprezować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowałyby	imprezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałybyście	imprezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowałybyśmy	imprezować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowały	imprezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		pot.
imprezowały	imprezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezowałyście	imprezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezowałyśmy	imprezować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowaniach	imprezować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowania	imprezować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowania	imprezować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowaniami	imprezować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowanie	imprezować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowaniem	imprezować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowaniom	imprezować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowaniu	imprezować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezowano	imprezować	imps:imperf		pot.
imprezowań	imprezować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		pot.
imprezująca	imprezować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imprezującą	imprezować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imprezującego	imprezować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imprezującego	imprezować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imprezujące	imprezować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imprezujące	imprezować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imprezującej	imprezować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imprezującemu	imprezować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imprezując	imprezować	pcon:imperf		pot.
imprezująco	imprezować	pacta		
imprezujących	imprezować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imprezujących	imprezować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imprezujący	imprezować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imprezujący	imprezować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imprezujący	imprezować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imprezującymi	imprezować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imprezującym	imprezować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imprezującym	imprezować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imprezują	imprezować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezujcie	imprezować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezujecie	imprezować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezuje	imprezować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
imprezujemy	imprezować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezujesz	imprezować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezuję	imprezować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezuj	imprezować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
imprezujmy	imprezować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
imprezowiczach	imprezowicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowicza	imprezowicz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczami	imprezowicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowicze	imprezowicz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowicze	imprezowicz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczem	imprezowicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowicz	imprezowicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczom	imprezowicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczowi	imprezowicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczów	imprezowicz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczu	imprezowicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczu	imprezowicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczce	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczek	imprezowiczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczkach	imprezowiczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczka	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczkami	imprezowiczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczką	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczkę	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczki	imprezowiczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczki	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczko	imprezowiczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowiczkom	imprezowiczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
imprezowo	imprezowo	adv:pos		
imprezowościach	imprezowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowościami	imprezowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowością	imprezowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowości	imprezowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowości	imprezowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowości	imprezowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowości	imprezowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowości	imprezowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowościom	imprezowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowość	imprezowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowość	imprezowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imprezowa	imprezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
imprezową	imprezowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
imprezową	imprezowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
imprezowego	imprezowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
imprezowego	imprezowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imprezowe	imprezowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowe	imprezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowe	imprezowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
imprezowe	imprezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
imprezowej	imprezowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
imprezowej	imprezowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
imprezowej	imprezowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
imprezowemu	imprezowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imprezowi	imprezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
imprezowo	imprezowy	adja		
imprezowych	imprezowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
imprezowych	imprezowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowych	imprezowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowy	imprezowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
imprezowy	imprezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
imprezowymi	imprezowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowym	imprezowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
imprezowym	imprezowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imprezowym	imprezowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imprimatur	imprimatur	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingach	imprinting	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingami	imprinting	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingiem	imprinting	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingi	imprinting	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprinting	imprinting	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingom	imprinting	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingowi	imprinting	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingów	imprinting	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingu	imprinting	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingu	imprinting	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
imprintingu	imprinting	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywach	improduktyw	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywa	improduktyw	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywami	improduktyw	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywem	improduktyw	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywie	improduktyw	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywie	improduktyw	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktyw	improduktyw	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywom	improduktyw	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywowie	improduktyw	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywowi	improduktyw	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywów	improduktyw	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improduktywy	improduktyw	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
impromptu	impromptu	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacjach	improwizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacja	improwizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacjami	improwizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacją	improwizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacje	improwizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizację	improwizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacji	improwizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
improwizacji	improwizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacji	improwizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacjo	improwizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacjom	improwizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyj	improwizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
improwizacyjnie	improwizacyjnie	adv:pos		
improwizacyjnościach	improwizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjnościami	improwizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjnością	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjności	improwizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjności	improwizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjności	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjności	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjności	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjnościom	improwizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjność	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjność	improwizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizacyjna	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
improwizacyjną	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
improwizacyjną	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
improwizacyjnego	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
improwizacyjnego	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizacyjne	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjne	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjne	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
improwizacyjne	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
improwizacyjnej	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
improwizacyjnej	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
improwizacyjnej	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
improwizacyjnemu	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizacyjni	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
improwizacyjno	improwizacyjny	adja		
improwizacyjnych	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
improwizacyjnych	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjnych	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjny	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
improwizacyjny	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
improwizacyjnymi	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjnym	improwizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizacyjnym	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizacyjnym	improwizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizatorach	improwizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatora	improwizator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorami	improwizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorem	improwizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizator	improwizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorom	improwizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorowi	improwizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorów	improwizator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatory	improwizator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorze	improwizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorze	improwizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorzy	improwizator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorce	improwizatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorek	improwizatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorkach	improwizatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorka	improwizatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorkami	improwizatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorką	improwizatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorkę	improwizatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorki	improwizatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorki	improwizatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorko	improwizatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorkom	improwizatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorscy	improwizatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
improwizatorska	improwizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
improwizatorską	improwizatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
improwizatorską	improwizatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
improwizatorskich	improwizatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
improwizatorskich	improwizatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskich	improwizatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskiego	improwizatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
improwizatorskiego	improwizatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizatorskie	improwizatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskie	improwizatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskie	improwizatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
improwizatorskie	improwizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
improwizatorskiej	improwizatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
improwizatorskiej	improwizatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
improwizatorskiej	improwizatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
improwizatorskiemu	improwizatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizatorski	improwizatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
improwizatorski	improwizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
improwizatorskimi	improwizatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskim	improwizatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
improwizatorskim	improwizatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizatorskim	improwizatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
improwizatorsko	improwizatorski	adja		
improwizatorsku	improwizatorski	adjp		
improwizatorsko	improwizatorsko	adv:pos		
improwizatorskościach	improwizatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskościami	improwizatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskością	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskości	improwizatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskości	improwizatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskości	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskości	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskości	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskościom	improwizatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskość	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizatorskość	improwizatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
improwizować	improwizować	inf:imperf		
improwizowaliby	improwizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
improwizowalibyście	improwizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
improwizowalibyśmy	improwizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
improwizowali	improwizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
improwizowali	improwizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
improwizowaliście	improwizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
improwizowaliśmy	improwizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
improwizowałaby	improwizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
improwizowałabym	improwizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
improwizowałabyś	improwizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
improwizowała	improwizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
improwizowała	improwizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
improwizowałam	improwizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
improwizowałaś	improwizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
improwizowałby	improwizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
improwizowałbym	improwizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
improwizowałbyś	improwizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
improwizowałem	improwizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
improwizowałeś	improwizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
improwizował	improwizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
improwizował	improwizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
improwizowałoby	improwizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
improwizowałobym	improwizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
improwizowałobyś	improwizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
improwizowało	improwizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
improwizowało	improwizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
improwizowałom	improwizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
improwizowałoś	improwizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
improwizowałyby	improwizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
improwizowałybyście	improwizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
improwizowałybyśmy	improwizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
improwizowały	improwizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
improwizowały	improwizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
improwizowałyście	improwizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
improwizowałyśmy	improwizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
improwizowana	improwizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
improwizowaną	improwizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
improwizowanego	improwizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
improwizowanego	improwizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowane	improwizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowane	improwizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowanej	improwizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
improwizowanemu	improwizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowaniach	improwizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowania	improwizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowania	improwizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowaniami	improwizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowanie	improwizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowaniem	improwizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowani	improwizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
improwizowaniom	improwizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowaniu	improwizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizowano	improwizować	imps:imperf		
improwizowanych	improwizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
improwizowanych	improwizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowany	improwizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
improwizowany	improwizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
improwizowanymi	improwizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowanym	improwizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowanym	improwizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizowań	improwizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
improwizująca	improwizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
improwizującą	improwizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
improwizującego	improwizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
improwizującego	improwizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizujące	improwizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizujące	improwizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
improwizującej	improwizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
improwizującemu	improwizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizując	improwizować	pcon:imperf		
improwizująco	improwizować	pacta		
improwizujących	improwizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
improwizujących	improwizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizujący	improwizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
improwizujący	improwizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
improwizujący	improwizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
improwizującymi	improwizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizującym	improwizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
improwizującym	improwizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
improwizują	improwizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
improwizujcie	improwizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
improwizujecie	improwizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
improwizuje	improwizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
improwizujemy	improwizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
improwizujesz	improwizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
improwizuję	improwizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
improwizuj	improwizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
improwizujmy	improwizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
impulsach	impuls	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsami	impuls	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsem	impuls	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsie	impuls	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsie	impuls	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impuls	impuls	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsom	impuls	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowi	impuls	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsów	impuls	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsu	impuls	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsy	impuls	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorach	impulsator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatora	impulsator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorami	impulsator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorem	impulsator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsator	impulsator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorom	impulsator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorowi	impulsator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorów	impulsator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatory	impulsator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorze	impulsator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsatorze	impulsator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografach	impulsograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografami	impulsograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografem	impulsograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografie	impulsograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografie	impulsograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsograf	impulsograf	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografom	impulsograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografowi	impulsograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografów	impulsograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografu	impulsograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsografy	impulsograf	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramach	impulsogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramami	impulsogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramem	impulsogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramie	impulsogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramie	impulsogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogram	impulsogram	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramom	impulsogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramowi	impulsogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramów	impulsogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramu	impulsogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsogramy	impulsogram	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
impulsować	impulsować	inf:imperf		techn.
impulsowaliby	impulsować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowalibyście	impulsować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowalibyśmy	impulsować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowali	impulsować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		techn.
impulsowali	impulsować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowaliście	impulsować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowaliśmy	impulsować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałaby	impulsować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałabym	impulsować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałabyś	impulsować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowała	impulsować	praet:sg:f:imperf		techn.
impulsowała	impulsować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałam	impulsować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałaś	impulsować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowałby	impulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałbym	impulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałbyś	impulsować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowałem	impulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałeś	impulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsował	impulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		techn.
impulsował	impulsować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałoby	impulsować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałobym	impulsować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałobyś	impulsować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowało	impulsować	praet:sg:n:imperf		techn.
impulsowało	impulsować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałom	impulsować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowałoś	impulsować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowałyby	impulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałybyście	impulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowałybyśmy	impulsować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowały	impulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		techn.
impulsowały	impulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsowałyście	impulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsowałyśmy	impulsować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowana	impulsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impulsowaną	impulsować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impulsowanego	impulsować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impulsowanego	impulsować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowane	impulsować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowane	impulsować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowanej	impulsować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impulsowanemu	impulsować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowaniach	impulsować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowania	impulsować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowania	impulsować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowaniami	impulsować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowanie	impulsować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowaniem	impulsować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowani	impulsować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impulsowaniom	impulsować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowaniu	impulsować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsowano	impulsować	imps:imperf		techn.
impulsowanych	impulsować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impulsowanych	impulsować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowany	impulsować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impulsowany	impulsować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impulsowanymi	impulsować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowanym	impulsować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowanym	impulsować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsowań	impulsować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
impulsująca	impulsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
impulsującą	impulsować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
impulsującego	impulsować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
impulsującego	impulsować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsujące	impulsować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsujące	impulsować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
impulsującej	impulsować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
impulsującemu	impulsować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsując	impulsować	pcon:imperf		techn.
impulsująco	impulsować	pacta		
impulsujących	impulsować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
impulsujących	impulsować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsujący	impulsować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
impulsujący	impulsować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
impulsujący	impulsować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
impulsującymi	impulsować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsującym	impulsować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
impulsującym	impulsować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
impulsują	impulsować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsujcie	impulsować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsujecie	impulsować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsuje	impulsować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		techn.
impulsujemy	impulsować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsujesz	impulsować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsuję	impulsować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsuj	impulsować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		techn.
impulsujmy	impulsować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		techn.
impulsowo	impulsowo	adv:pos		
impulsowościach	impulsowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowościami	impulsowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowością	impulsowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowości	impulsowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowości	impulsowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowości	impulsowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowości	impulsowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowości	impulsowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowościom	impulsowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowość	impulsowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowość	impulsowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsowa	impulsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impulsową	impulsowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impulsową	impulsowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impulsowego	impulsowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impulsowego	impulsowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsowe	impulsowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowe	impulsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowe	impulsowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impulsowe	impulsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impulsowej	impulsowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impulsowej	impulsowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impulsowej	impulsowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impulsowemu	impulsowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsowi	impulsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impulsowo	impulsowy	adja		
impulsowych	impulsowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impulsowych	impulsowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowych	impulsowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowy	impulsowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impulsowy	impulsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impulsowymi	impulsowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowym	impulsowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsowym	impulsowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsowym	impulsowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsywnie	impulsywnie	adv:pos		
impulsywnościach	impulsywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywnościami	impulsywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywnością	impulsywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywności	impulsywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywności	impulsywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywności	impulsywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywności	impulsywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywności	impulsywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywnościom	impulsywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywność	impulsywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywność	impulsywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
impulsywna	impulsywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
impulsywną	impulsywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
impulsywną	impulsywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
impulsywnego	impulsywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
impulsywnego	impulsywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsywne	impulsywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywne	impulsywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywne	impulsywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
impulsywne	impulsywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
impulsywnej	impulsywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
impulsywnej	impulsywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
impulsywnej	impulsywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
impulsywnemu	impulsywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsywni	impulsywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
impulsywno	impulsywny	adja		
impulsywnych	impulsywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
impulsywnych	impulsywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywnych	impulsywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywny	impulsywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
impulsywny	impulsywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
impulsywnymi	impulsywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywnym	impulsywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
impulsywnym	impulsywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
impulsywnym	impulsywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
imputacjach	imputacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacja	imputacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacjami	imputacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacją	imputacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacje	imputacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputację	imputacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacji	imputacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
imputacji	imputacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacji	imputacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacjo	imputacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacjom	imputacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
imputacyj	imputacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
imputować	imputować	inf:imperf		
imputowaliby	imputować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imputowalibyście	imputować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imputowalibyśmy	imputować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imputowali	imputować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
imputowali	imputować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
imputowaliście	imputować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
imputowaliśmy	imputować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
imputowałaby	imputować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imputowałabym	imputować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imputowałabyś	imputować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imputowała	imputować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
imputowała	imputować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
imputowałam	imputować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
imputowałaś	imputować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
imputowałby	imputować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imputowałbym	imputować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imputowałbyś	imputować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imputowałem	imputować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
imputowałeś	imputować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
imputował	imputować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
imputował	imputować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
imputowałoby	imputować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imputowałobym	imputować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imputowałobyś	imputować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imputowało	imputować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
imputowało	imputować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
imputowałom	imputować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
imputowałoś	imputować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
imputowałyby	imputować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imputowałybyście	imputować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imputowałybyśmy	imputować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imputowały	imputować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
imputowały	imputować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
imputowałyście	imputować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
imputowałyśmy	imputować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
imputowana	imputować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imputowaną	imputować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imputowanego	imputować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imputowanego	imputować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputowane	imputować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputowane	imputować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imputowanej	imputować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imputowanemu	imputować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputowaniach	imputować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
imputowania	imputować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imputowania	imputować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imputowaniami	imputować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imputowanie	imputować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
imputowaniem	imputować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
imputowani	imputować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imputowaniom	imputować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
imputowaniu	imputować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
imputowano	imputować	imps:imperf		
imputowanych	imputować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imputowanych	imputować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputowany	imputować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imputowany	imputować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imputowanymi	imputować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputowanym	imputować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputowanym	imputować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputowań	imputować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
imputująca	imputować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
imputującą	imputować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
imputującego	imputować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
imputującego	imputować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputujące	imputować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputujące	imputować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
imputującej	imputować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
imputującemu	imputować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputując	imputować	pcon:imperf		
imputująco	imputować	pacta		
imputujących	imputować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
imputujących	imputować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputujący	imputować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
imputujący	imputować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
imputujący	imputować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
imputującymi	imputować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputującym	imputować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
imputującym	imputować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
imputują	imputować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
imputujcie	imputować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
imputujecie	imputować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
imputuje	imputować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
imputujemy	imputować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
imputujesz	imputować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
imputuję	imputować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
imputuj	imputować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
imputujmy	imputować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
in	in	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
in	inaczej	brev:pun		
inaczej	inaczej:d	adv		
inaczej	inaczej:j	conj		
inacząca	inaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inaczącą	inaczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inaczącego	inaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inaczącego	inaczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaczące	inaczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczące	inaczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczącej	inaczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inaczącemu	inaczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inacząc	inaczyć	pcon:imperf		daw.
inacząco	inaczyć	pacta		
inaczących	inaczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaczących	inaczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczący	inaczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaczący	inaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inaczący	inaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inaczącymi	inaczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczącym	inaczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczącym	inaczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaczą	inaczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczcie	inaczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczeniach	inaczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczenia	inaczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczenia	inaczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inaczeniami	inaczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inaczenie	inaczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczeniem	inaczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inaczeni	inaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaczeniom	inaczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inaczeniu	inaczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczeń	inaczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inaczę	inaczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inacz	inaczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczmy	inaczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczona	inaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inaczoną	inaczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inaczonego	inaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inaczonego	inaczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaczone	inaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczone	inaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inaczonej	inaczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inaczonemu	inaczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaczono	inaczyć	imps:imperf		daw.
inaczonych	inaczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaczonych	inaczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczony	inaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inaczony	inaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inaczonymi	inaczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczonym	inaczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaczonym	inaczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaczycie	inaczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyć	inaczyć	inf:imperf		daw.
inaczy	inaczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyliby	inaczyć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczylibyście	inaczyć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczylibyśmy	inaczyć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyli	inaczyć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inaczyli	inaczyć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyliście	inaczyć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyliśmy	inaczyć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłaby	inaczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłabym	inaczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłabyś	inaczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyła	inaczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inaczyła	inaczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłam	inaczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłaś	inaczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyłby	inaczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłbym	inaczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłbyś	inaczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyłem	inaczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłeś	inaczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczył	inaczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inaczył	inaczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłoby	inaczyć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłobym	inaczyć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłobyś	inaczyć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyło	inaczyć	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inaczyło	inaczyć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłom	inaczyć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyłoś	inaczyć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyłyby	inaczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłybyście	inaczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyłybyśmy	inaczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczyły	inaczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inaczyły	inaczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inaczyłyście	inaczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inaczyłyśmy	inaczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczymy	inaczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inaczysz	inaczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inadekwatnościach	inadekwatność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatnościami	inadekwatność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatnością	inadekwatność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatności	inadekwatność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatności	inadekwatność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatności	inadekwatność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatności	inadekwatność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatności	inadekwatność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatnościom	inadekwatność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatność	inadekwatność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatność	inadekwatność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inadekwatna	inadekwatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatną	inadekwatny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatną	inadekwatny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatnego	inadekwatny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
inadekwatnego	inadekwatny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatne	inadekwatny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatne	inadekwatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatne	inadekwatny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
inadekwatne	inadekwatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
inadekwatnej	inadekwatny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatnej	inadekwatny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatnej	inadekwatny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
inadekwatnemu	inadekwatny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatni	inadekwatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
inadekwatno	inadekwatny	adja		przest.
inadekwatnych	inadekwatny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
inadekwatnych	inadekwatny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatnych	inadekwatny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatny	inadekwatny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
inadekwatny	inadekwatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
inadekwatnymi	inadekwatny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatnym	inadekwatny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatnym	inadekwatny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
inadekwatnym	inadekwatny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
inak	inak	adv		przest.
inacy	inaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
inaka	inaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inaką	inaki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inaką	inaki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inakich	inaki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inakich	inaki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakich	inaki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakiego	inaki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inakiego	inaki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inakie	inaki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakie	inaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakie	inaki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
inakie	inaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inakiej	inaki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inakiej	inaki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inakiej	inaki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inakiemu	inaki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inaki	inaki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inaki	inaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inakimi	inaki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakim	inaki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakim	inaki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inakim	inaki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inako	inaki	adja		daw.
inako	inako	adv:pos		rzad.
inakościach	inakość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakościami	inakość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakością	inakość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakości	inakość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakości	inakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakości	inakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakości	inakość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakości	inakość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakościom	inakość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakość	inakość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakość	inakość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszościach	inakszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszościami	inakszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszością	inakszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszości	inakszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszości	inakszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszości	inakszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszości	inakszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszości	inakszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszościom	inakszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszość	inakszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inakszość	inakszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inaksi	inakszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
inaksza	inakszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inakszą	inakszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inakszą	inakszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inakszego	inakszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inakszego	inakszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inaksze	inakszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inaksze	inakszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inaksze	inakszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
inaksze	inakszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inakszej	inakszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inakszej	inakszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inakszej	inakszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inakszemu	inakszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inakszo	inakszy	adja		daw.
inakszych	inakszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inakszych	inakszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakszych	inakszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakszy	inakszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inakszy	inakszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inakszymi	inakszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakszym	inakszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inakszym	inakszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inakszym	inakszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inaktywacjach	inaktywacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacja	inaktywacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacjami	inaktywacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacją	inaktywacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacje	inaktywacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywację	inaktywacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacji	inaktywacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inaktywacji	inaktywacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacji	inaktywacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacjo	inaktywacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacjom	inaktywacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywacyj	inaktywacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inaktywatorach	inaktywator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatora	inaktywator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorami	inaktywator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorem	inaktywator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywator	inaktywator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorom	inaktywator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorowi	inaktywator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorów	inaktywator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatory	inaktywator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorze	inaktywator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywatorze	inaktywator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inaktywować	inaktywować	inf:imperf		chem.
inaktywowaliby	inaktywować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowalibyście	inaktywować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowalibyśmy	inaktywować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowali	inaktywować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		chem.
inaktywowali	inaktywować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowaliście	inaktywować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowaliśmy	inaktywować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałaby	inaktywować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałabym	inaktywować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałabyś	inaktywować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowała	inaktywować	praet:sg:f:imperf		chem.
inaktywowała	inaktywować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałam	inaktywować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałaś	inaktywować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałby	inaktywować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałbym	inaktywować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałbyś	inaktywować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałem	inaktywować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałeś	inaktywować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywował	inaktywować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		chem.
inaktywował	inaktywować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałoby	inaktywować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałobym	inaktywować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałobyś	inaktywować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowało	inaktywować	praet:sg:n:imperf		chem.
inaktywowało	inaktywować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałom	inaktywować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałoś	inaktywować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałyby	inaktywować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałybyście	inaktywować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałybyśmy	inaktywować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowały	inaktywować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		chem.
inaktywowały	inaktywować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałyście	inaktywować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywowałyśmy	inaktywować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywowana	inaktywować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaną	inaktywować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanego	inaktywować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanego	inaktywować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowane	inaktywować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowane	inaktywować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanej	inaktywować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanemu	inaktywować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaniach	inaktywować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowania	inaktywować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowania	inaktywować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaniami	inaktywować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanie	inaktywować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaniem	inaktywować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowani	inaktywować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaniom	inaktywować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowaniu	inaktywować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowano	inaktywować	imps:imperf		chem.
inaktywowanych	inaktywować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanych	inaktywować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowany	inaktywować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inaktywowany	inaktywować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanymi	inaktywować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanym	inaktywować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowanym	inaktywować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywowań	inaktywować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywująca	inaktywować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywującą	inaktywować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywującego	inaktywować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inaktywującego	inaktywować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywujące	inaktywować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywujące	inaktywować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inaktywującej	inaktywować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inaktywującemu	inaktywować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywując	inaktywować	pcon:imperf		chem.
inaktywująco	inaktywować	pacta		
inaktywujących	inaktywować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaktywujących	inaktywować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywujący	inaktywować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaktywujący	inaktywować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inaktywujący	inaktywować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inaktywującymi	inaktywować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywującym	inaktywować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywującym	inaktywować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaktywują	inaktywować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywujcie	inaktywować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywujecie	inaktywować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywuje	inaktywować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		chem.
inaktywujemy	inaktywować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywujesz	inaktywować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywuję	inaktywować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		chem.
inaktywuj	inaktywować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		chem.
inaktywujmy	inaktywować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		chem.
inauguracjach	inauguracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracja	inauguracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracjami	inauguracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracją	inauguracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracje	inauguracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inaugurację	inauguracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracji	inauguracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inauguracji	inauguracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracji	inauguracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracjo	inauguracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracjom	inauguracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyj	inauguracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inauguracyjnościach	inauguracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjnościami	inauguracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjnością	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjności	inauguracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjności	inauguracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjności	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjności	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjności	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjnościom	inauguracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjność	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjność	inauguracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inauguracyjna	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inauguracyjną	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inauguracyjną	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inauguracyjnego	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inauguracyjnego	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inauguracyjne	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjne	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjne	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inauguracyjne	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inauguracyjnej	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inauguracyjnej	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inauguracyjnej	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inauguracyjnemu	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inauguracyjni	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inauguracyjno	inauguracyjny	adja		
inauguracyjnych	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inauguracyjnych	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjnych	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjny	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inauguracyjny	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inauguracyjnymi	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjnym	inauguracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inauguracyjnym	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inauguracyjnym	inauguracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inauguralnościach	inauguralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralnościami	inauguralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralnością	inauguralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralności	inauguralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralności	inauguralność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralności	inauguralność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralności	inauguralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralności	inauguralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralnościom	inauguralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralność	inauguralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralność	inauguralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inauguralna	inauguralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inauguralną	inauguralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inauguralną	inauguralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inauguralnego	inauguralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inauguralnego	inauguralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inauguralne	inauguralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralne	inauguralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralne	inauguralny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
inauguralne	inauguralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inauguralnej	inauguralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inauguralnej	inauguralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inauguralnej	inauguralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inauguralnemu	inauguralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inauguralni	inauguralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
inauguralno	inauguralny	adja		daw.
inauguralnych	inauguralny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inauguralnych	inauguralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralnych	inauguralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralny	inauguralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inauguralny	inauguralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inauguralnymi	inauguralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralnym	inauguralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inauguralnym	inauguralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inauguralnym	inauguralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inaugurować	inaugurować	inf:imperf.perf		
inaugurowaliby	inaugurować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowalibyście	inaugurować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowalibyśmy	inaugurować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowali	inaugurować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
inaugurowali	inaugurować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowaliście	inaugurować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowaliśmy	inaugurować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałaby	inaugurować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałabym	inaugurować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałabyś	inaugurować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowała	inaugurować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
inaugurowała	inaugurować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałam	inaugurować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałaś	inaugurować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałby	inaugurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałbym	inaugurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałbyś	inaugurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałem	inaugurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałeś	inaugurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurował	inaugurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
inaugurował	inaugurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałoby	inaugurować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałobym	inaugurować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałobyś	inaugurować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowało	inaugurować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
inaugurowało	inaugurować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałom	inaugurować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałoś	inaugurować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałyby	inaugurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałybyście	inaugurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałybyśmy	inaugurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowały	inaugurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
inaugurowały	inaugurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałyście	inaugurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurowałyśmy	inaugurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurowana	inaugurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaną	inaugurować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanego	inaugurować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanego	inaugurować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowane	inaugurować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowane	inaugurować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanej	inaugurować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanemu	inaugurować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaniach	inaugurować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowania	inaugurować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowania	inaugurować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaniami	inaugurować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanie	inaugurować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaniem	inaugurować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowani	inaugurować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaniom	inaugurować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowaniu	inaugurować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowano	inaugurować	imps:imperf.perf		
inaugurowanych	inaugurować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanych	inaugurować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowany	inaugurować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowany	inaugurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanymi	inaugurować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanym	inaugurować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowanym	inaugurować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowań	inaugurować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inaugurowawszy	inaugurować	pant:perf		
inaugurująca	inaugurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inaugurującą	inaugurować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inaugurującego	inaugurować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inaugurującego	inaugurować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurujące	inaugurować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurujące	inaugurować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inaugurującej	inaugurować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inaugurującemu	inaugurować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurując	inaugurować	pcon:imperf		
inaugurująco	inaugurować	pacta		
inaugurujących	inaugurować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaugurujących	inaugurować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurujący	inaugurować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inaugurujący	inaugurować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inaugurujący	inaugurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inaugurującymi	inaugurować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurującym	inaugurować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurującym	inaugurować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inaugurują	inaugurować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurujcie	inaugurować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurujecie	inaugurować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inauguruje	inaugurować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
inaugurujemy	inaugurować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inaugurujesz	inaugurować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inauguruję	inaugurować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
inauguruj	inaugurować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inaugurujmy	inaugurować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inąd	inąd	adv		indyw.
inbredach	inbred	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredami	inbred	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredem	inbred	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbred	inbred	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredom	inbred	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredowi	inbred	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredów	inbred	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredu	inbred	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredy	inbred	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredzie	inbred	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredzie	inbred	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inbredować	inbredować	inf:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowaliby	inbredować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowalibyście	inbredować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowalibyśmy	inbredować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowali	inbredować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowali	inbredować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowaliście	inbredować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowaliśmy	inbredować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałaby	inbredować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałabym	inbredować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałabyś	inbredować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowała	inbredować	praet:sg:f:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowała	inbredować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałam	inbredować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałaś	inbredować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałby	inbredować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałbym	inbredować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałbyś	inbredować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałem	inbredować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałeś	inbredować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredował	inbredować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		zootechn.
inbredował	inbredować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałoby	inbredować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałobym	inbredować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałobyś	inbredować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowało	inbredować	praet:sg:n:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowało	inbredować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałom	inbredować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałoś	inbredować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałyby	inbredować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałybyście	inbredować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałybyśmy	inbredować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowały	inbredować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowały	inbredować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałyście	inbredować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowałyśmy	inbredować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowana	inbredować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inbredowaną	inbredować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inbredowanego	inbredować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inbredowanego	inbredować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowane	inbredować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowane	inbredować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowanej	inbredować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inbredowanemu	inbredować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowaniach	inbredować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowania	inbredować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowania	inbredować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowaniami	inbredować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowanie	inbredować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowaniem	inbredować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowani	inbredować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inbredowaniom	inbredować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowaniu	inbredować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredowano	inbredować	imps:imperf		zootechn.
inbredowanych	inbredować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inbredowanych	inbredować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowany	inbredować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inbredowany	inbredować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inbredowanymi	inbredować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowanym	inbredować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowanym	inbredować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredowań	inbredować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inbredująca	inbredować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inbredującą	inbredować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inbredującego	inbredować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inbredującego	inbredować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredujące	inbredować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredujące	inbredować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inbredującej	inbredować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inbredującemu	inbredować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredując	inbredować	pcon:imperf		zootechn.
inbredująco	inbredować	pacta		
inbredujących	inbredować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inbredujących	inbredować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredujący	inbredować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inbredujący	inbredować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inbredujący	inbredować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inbredującymi	inbredować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredującym	inbredować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inbredującym	inbredować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inbredują	inbredować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredujcie	inbredować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredujecie	inbredować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbreduje	inbredować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		zootechn.
inbredujemy	inbredować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbredujesz	inbredować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbreduję	inbredować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		zootechn.
inbreduj	inbredować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		zootechn.
inbredujmy	inbredować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		zootechn.
incestach	incest	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestami	incest	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestem	incest	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incest	incest	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestom	incest	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestowi	incest	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestów	incest	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incestu	incest	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
incesty	incest	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inceście	incest	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inceście	incest	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inchoatiwach	inchoatiwum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwa	inchoatiwum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwami	inchoatiwum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwom	inchoatiwum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwów	inchoatiwum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwum	inchoatiwum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwum	inchoatiwum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwum	inchoatiwum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwum	inchoatiwum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatiwum	inchoatiwum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywnościach	inchoatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywnościami	inchoatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywnością	inchoatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywności	inchoatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywności	inchoatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywności	inchoatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywności	inchoatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywności	inchoatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywnościom	inchoatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywność	inchoatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywność	inchoatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inchoatywna	inchoatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inchoatywną	inchoatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inchoatywną	inchoatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inchoatywnego	inchoatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inchoatywnego	inchoatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inchoatywne	inchoatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywne	inchoatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywne	inchoatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inchoatywne	inchoatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inchoatywnej	inchoatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inchoatywnej	inchoatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inchoatywnej	inchoatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inchoatywnemu	inchoatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inchoatywni	inchoatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inchoatywno	inchoatywny	adja		
inchoatywnych	inchoatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inchoatywnych	inchoatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywnych	inchoatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywny	inchoatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inchoatywny	inchoatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inchoatywnymi	inchoatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywnym	inchoatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inchoatywnym	inchoatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inchoatywnym	inchoatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
incipicie	incipit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipicie	incipit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitach	incipit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitami	incipit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitem	incipit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipit	incipit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitom	incipit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitowi	incipit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitów	incipit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipitu	incipit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incipity	incipit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incognito	incognito:d	adv		
incognito	incognito:s	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
incompatibiliach	incompatibilia	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
incompatibilia	incompatibilia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
incompatibiliami	incompatibilia	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
incompatibiliom	incompatibilia	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
incompatibiliów	incompatibilia	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
incydencikach	incydencik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencikami	incydencik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencikiem	incydencik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydenciki	incydencik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencik	incydencik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencikom	incydencik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencikowi	incydencik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencików	incydencik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydenciku	incydencik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydenciku	incydencik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydenciku	incydencik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencjach	incydencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencja	incydencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencjami	incydencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencją	incydencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencje	incydencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencję	incydencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencji	incydencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
incydencji	incydencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencji	incydencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencjo	incydencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencjom	incydencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydencyj	incydencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
incydencie	incydent	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydencie	incydent	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentach	incydent	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentami	incydent	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentem	incydent	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydent	incydent	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentom	incydent	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentowi	incydent	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentów	incydent	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentu	incydent	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydenty	incydent	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalnie	incydentalnie	adv:pos		przest.
incydentalnościach	incydentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalnościami	incydentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalnością	incydentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalności	incydentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalności	incydentalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalności	incydentalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalności	incydentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalności	incydentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalnościom	incydentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalność	incydentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalność	incydentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
incydentalna	incydentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
incydentalną	incydentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
incydentalną	incydentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
incydentalnego	incydentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
incydentalnego	incydentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
incydentalne	incydentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalne	incydentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalne	incydentalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
incydentalne	incydentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
incydentalnej	incydentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
incydentalnej	incydentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
incydentalnej	incydentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
incydentalnemu	incydentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
incydentalni	incydentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
incydentalno	incydentalny	adja		
incydentalnych	incydentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
incydentalnych	incydentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalnych	incydentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalny	incydentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
incydentalny	incydentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
incydentalnymi	incydentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalnym	incydentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
incydentalnym	incydentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
incydentalnym	incydentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indach	ind	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indami	ind	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indem	ind	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ind	ind	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indom	ind	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indowi	ind	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indów	ind	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indu	ind	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indy	ind	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indzie	ind	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indzie	ind	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indagacjach	indagacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacja	indagacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacjami	indagacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacją	indagacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacje	indagacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagację	indagacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacji	indagacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indagacji	indagacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacji	indagacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacjo	indagacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacjom	indagacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyj	indagacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indagacyjnościach	indagacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjnościami	indagacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjnością	indagacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjności	indagacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjności	indagacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjności	indagacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjności	indagacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjności	indagacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjnościom	indagacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjność	indagacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjność	indagacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indagacyjna	indagacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indagacyjną	indagacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indagacyjną	indagacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indagacyjnego	indagacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indagacyjnego	indagacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indagacyjne	indagacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjne	indagacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjne	indagacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indagacyjne	indagacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indagacyjnej	indagacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indagacyjnej	indagacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indagacyjnej	indagacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indagacyjnemu	indagacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indagacyjni	indagacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indagacyjno	indagacyjny	adja		
indagacyjnych	indagacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indagacyjnych	indagacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjnych	indagacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjny	indagacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indagacyjny	indagacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indagacyjnymi	indagacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjnym	indagacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indagacyjnym	indagacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indagacyjnym	indagacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indagatorach	indagator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatora	indagator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorami	indagator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorem	indagator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagator	indagator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorom	indagator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorowi	indagator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorów	indagator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatory	indagator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorze	indagator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorze	indagator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagatorzy	indagator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indagować	indagować	inf:imperf		
indagowaliby	indagować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indagowalibyście	indagować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indagowalibyśmy	indagować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indagowali	indagować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indagowali	indagować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indagowaliście	indagować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indagowaliśmy	indagować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indagowałaby	indagować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indagowałabym	indagować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indagowałabyś	indagować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indagowała	indagować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indagowała	indagować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indagowałam	indagować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indagowałaś	indagować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indagowałby	indagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indagowałbym	indagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indagowałbyś	indagować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indagowałem	indagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indagowałeś	indagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indagował	indagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indagował	indagować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indagowałoby	indagować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indagowałobym	indagować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indagowałobyś	indagować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indagowało	indagować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indagowało	indagować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indagowałom	indagować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indagowałoś	indagować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indagowałyby	indagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indagowałybyście	indagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indagowałybyśmy	indagować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indagowały	indagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indagowały	indagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indagowałyście	indagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indagowałyśmy	indagować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indagowana	indagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indagowaną	indagować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indagowanego	indagować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indagowanego	indagować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagowane	indagować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagowane	indagować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indagowanej	indagować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indagowanemu	indagować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagowaniach	indagować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indagowania	indagować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indagowania	indagować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indagowaniami	indagować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indagowanie	indagować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indagowaniem	indagować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indagowani	indagować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indagowaniom	indagować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indagowaniu	indagować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indagowano	indagować	imps:imperf		
indagowanych	indagować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indagowanych	indagować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagowany	indagować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indagowany	indagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indagowanymi	indagować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagowanym	indagować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagowanym	indagować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagowań	indagować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indagująca	indagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indagującą	indagować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indagującego	indagować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indagującego	indagować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagujące	indagować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagujące	indagować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indagującej	indagować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indagującemu	indagować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagując	indagować	pcon:imperf		
indagująco	indagować	pacta		
indagujących	indagować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indagujących	indagować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagujący	indagować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indagujący	indagować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indagujący	indagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indagującymi	indagować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagującym	indagować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indagującym	indagować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indagują	indagować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indagujcie	indagować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indagujecie	indagować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indaguje	indagować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indagujemy	indagować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indagujesz	indagować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indaguję	indagować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indaguj	indagować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indagujmy	indagować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indeksach	indeks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksami	indeks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksem	indeks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksie	indeks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksie	indeks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeks	indeks	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksom	indeks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowi	indeks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksów	indeks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksu	indeks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksy	indeks	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacjach	indeksacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacja	indeksacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacjami	indeksacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacją	indeksacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacje	indeksacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksację	indeksacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacji	indeksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indeksacji	indeksacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacji	indeksacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacjo	indeksacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacjom	indeksacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyj	indeksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indeksacyjnościach	indeksacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjnościami	indeksacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjnością	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjności	indeksacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjności	indeksacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjności	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjności	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjności	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjnościom	indeksacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjność	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjność	indeksacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksacyjna	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indeksacyjną	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indeksacyjną	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indeksacyjnego	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indeksacyjnego	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksacyjne	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjne	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjne	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indeksacyjne	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indeksacyjnej	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indeksacyjnej	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indeksacyjnej	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indeksacyjnemu	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksacyjni	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indeksacyjno	indeksacyjny	adja		
indeksacyjnych	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indeksacyjnych	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjnych	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjny	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indeksacyjny	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indeksacyjnymi	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjnym	indeksacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksacyjnym	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksacyjnym	indeksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksikach	indeksik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksikami	indeksik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksikiem	indeksik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksiki	indeksik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksik	indeksik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksikom	indeksik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksikowi	indeksik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksików	indeksik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksiku	indeksik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksiku	indeksik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksiku	indeksik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeksować	indeksować	inf:imperf		
indeksowaliby	indeksować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indeksowalibyście	indeksować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indeksowalibyśmy	indeksować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indeksowali	indeksować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indeksowali	indeksować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indeksowaliście	indeksować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indeksowaliśmy	indeksować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indeksowałaby	indeksować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indeksowałabym	indeksować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indeksowałabyś	indeksować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indeksowała	indeksować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indeksowała	indeksować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indeksowałam	indeksować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indeksowałaś	indeksować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indeksowałby	indeksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indeksowałbym	indeksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indeksowałbyś	indeksować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indeksowałem	indeksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indeksowałeś	indeksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indeksował	indeksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indeksował	indeksować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indeksowałoby	indeksować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indeksowałobym	indeksować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indeksowałobyś	indeksować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indeksowało	indeksować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indeksowało	indeksować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indeksowałom	indeksować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indeksowałoś	indeksować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indeksowałyby	indeksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indeksowałybyście	indeksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indeksowałybyśmy	indeksować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indeksowały	indeksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indeksowały	indeksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indeksowałyście	indeksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indeksowałyśmy	indeksować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indeksowana	indeksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indeksowaną	indeksować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indeksowanego	indeksować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indeksowanego	indeksować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowane	indeksować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowane	indeksować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowanej	indeksować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indeksowanemu	indeksować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowaniach	indeksować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowania	indeksować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowania	indeksować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowaniami	indeksować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowanie	indeksować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowaniem	indeksować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowani	indeksować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indeksowaniom	indeksować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowaniu	indeksować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksowano	indeksować	imps:imperf		
indeksowanych	indeksować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indeksowanych	indeksować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowany	indeksować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indeksowany	indeksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indeksowanymi	indeksować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowanym	indeksować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowanym	indeksować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksowań	indeksować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indeksująca	indeksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indeksującą	indeksować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indeksującego	indeksować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indeksującego	indeksować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksujące	indeksować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksujące	indeksować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indeksującej	indeksować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indeksującemu	indeksować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksując	indeksować	pcon:imperf		
indeksująco	indeksować	pacta		
indeksujących	indeksować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indeksujących	indeksować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksujący	indeksować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indeksujący	indeksować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indeksujący	indeksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indeksującymi	indeksować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksującym	indeksować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indeksującym	indeksować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indeksują	indeksować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indeksujcie	indeksować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indeksujecie	indeksować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indeksuje	indeksować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indeksujemy	indeksować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indeksujesz	indeksować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indeksuję	indeksować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indeksuj	indeksować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indeksujmy	indeksować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indeksowościach	indeksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowościami	indeksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowością	indeksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowości	indeksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowości	indeksowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowości	indeksowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowości	indeksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowości	indeksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowościom	indeksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowość	indeksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowość	indeksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeksowa	indeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indeksową	indeksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indeksową	indeksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indeksowego	indeksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indeksowego	indeksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksowe	indeksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowe	indeksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowe	indeksowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indeksowe	indeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indeksowej	indeksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indeksowej	indeksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indeksowej	indeksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indeksowemu	indeksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksowi	indeksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indeksowo	indeksowy	adja		
indeksowych	indeksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indeksowych	indeksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowych	indeksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowy	indeksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indeksowy	indeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indeksowymi	indeksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowym	indeksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeksowym	indeksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeksowym	indeksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indemnizacjach	indemnizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacja	indemnizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacjami	indemnizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacją	indemnizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacje	indemnizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizację	indemnizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacji	indemnizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indemnizacji	indemnizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacji	indemnizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacjo	indemnizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacjom	indemnizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indemnizacyj	indemnizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indemnizacyjnościach	indemnizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjnościami	indemnizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjnością	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjności	indemnizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjności	indemnizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjności	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjności	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjności	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjnościom	indemnizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjność	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjność	indemnizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indemnizacyjna	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjną	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjną	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnego	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnego	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjne	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjne	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjne	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjne	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnej	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnej	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnej	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnemu	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjni	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjno	indemnizacyjny	adja		przest.
indemnizacyjnych	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnych	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnych	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjny	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjny	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnymi	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnym	indemnizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnym	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indemnizacyjnym	indemnizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indemnizować	indemnizować	inf:imperf		przest.
indemnizowaliby	indemnizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowalibyście	indemnizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowalibyśmy	indemnizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowali	indemnizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		przest.
indemnizowali	indemnizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowaliście	indemnizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowaliśmy	indemnizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałaby	indemnizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałabym	indemnizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałabyś	indemnizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowała	indemnizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
indemnizowała	indemnizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałam	indemnizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałaś	indemnizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałby	indemnizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałbym	indemnizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałbyś	indemnizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałem	indemnizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałeś	indemnizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizował	indemnizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
indemnizował	indemnizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałoby	indemnizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałobym	indemnizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałobyś	indemnizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowało	indemnizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		przest.
indemnizowało	indemnizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałom	indemnizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałoś	indemnizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałyby	indemnizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałybyście	indemnizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałybyśmy	indemnizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowały	indemnizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		przest.
indemnizowały	indemnizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałyście	indemnizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizowałyśmy	indemnizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizowana	indemnizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaną	indemnizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanego	indemnizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanego	indemnizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowane	indemnizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowane	indemnizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanej	indemnizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanemu	indemnizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaniach	indemnizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowania	indemnizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowania	indemnizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaniami	indemnizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanie	indemnizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaniem	indemnizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowani	indemnizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaniom	indemnizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowaniu	indemnizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowano	indemnizować	imps:imperf		przest.
indemnizowanych	indemnizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanych	indemnizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowany	indemnizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indemnizowany	indemnizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanymi	indemnizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanym	indemnizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowanym	indemnizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizowań	indemnizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizująca	indemnizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizującą	indemnizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizującego	indemnizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indemnizującego	indemnizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizujące	indemnizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizujące	indemnizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indemnizującej	indemnizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indemnizującemu	indemnizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizując	indemnizować	pcon:imperf		przest.
indemnizująco	indemnizować	pacta		
indemnizujących	indemnizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indemnizujących	indemnizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizujący	indemnizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indemnizujący	indemnizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indemnizujący	indemnizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indemnizującymi	indemnizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizującym	indemnizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizującym	indemnizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indemnizują	indemnizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizujcie	indemnizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizujecie	indemnizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizuje	indemnizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
indemnizujemy	indemnizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizujesz	indemnizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizuję	indemnizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
indemnizuj	indemnizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
indemnizujmy	indemnizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
indenach	inden	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenami	inden	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenem	inden	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenie	inden	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenie	inden	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inden	inden	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenom	inden	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenowi	inden	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenów	inden	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenu	inden	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeny	inden	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indenowościach	indenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowościami	indenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowością	indenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowości	indenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowości	indenowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowości	indenowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowości	indenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowości	indenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowościom	indenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowość	indenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowość	indenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indenowa	indenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indenową	indenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indenową	indenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indenowego	indenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indenowego	indenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indenowe	indenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowe	indenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowe	indenowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indenowe	indenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indenowej	indenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indenowej	indenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indenowej	indenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indenowemu	indenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indenowi	indenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indenowo	indenowy	adja		
indenowych	indenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indenowych	indenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowych	indenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowy	indenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indenowy	indenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indenowymi	indenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowym	indenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indenowym	indenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indenowym	indenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
independencjach	independencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencja	independencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencjami	independencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencją	independencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencje	independencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencję	independencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencji	independencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
independencji	independencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencji	independencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencjo	independencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencjom	independencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
independencyj	independencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
independencie	independent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independencie	independent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independenci	independent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentach	independent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independenta	independent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentami	independent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentem	independent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independent	independent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentom	independent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentowi	independent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independentów	independent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
independenty	independent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmach	independentyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmami	independentyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmem	independentyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmie	independentyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmie	independentyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzm	independentyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmom	independentyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmowi	independentyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmów	independentyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmu	independentyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
independentyzmy	independentyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inderakach	inderak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderaka	inderak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderakami	inderak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderakiem	inderak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderaki	inderak	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderak	inderak	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderakom	inderak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderakowi	inderak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderaków	inderak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderaku	inderak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inderaku	inderak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indeterministach	indeterminista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminista	indeterminista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministami	indeterminista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministą	indeterminista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministę	indeterminista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministo	indeterminista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministom	indeterminista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministów	indeterminista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministy	indeterminista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministy	indeterminista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminiście	indeterminista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminiści	indeterminista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministycznościach	indeterministyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministycznościami	indeterministyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministycznością	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczności	indeterministyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczności	indeterministyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczności	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczności	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczności	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministycznościom	indeterministyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczność	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczność	indeterministyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indeterministyczna	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indeterministyczną	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indeterministyczną	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indeterministycznego	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indeterministycznego	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeterministyczne	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministyczne	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministyczne	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indeterministyczne	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indeterministycznej	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indeterministycznej	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indeterministycznej	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indeterministycznemu	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeterministyczni	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indeterministyczno	indeterministyczny	adja		
indeterministycznych	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indeterministycznych	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministycznych	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministyczny	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indeterministyczny	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indeterministycznymi	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministycznym	indeterministyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indeterministycznym	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeterministycznym	indeterministyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indeterminizmach	indeterminizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmami	indeterminizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmem	indeterminizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmie	indeterminizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmie	indeterminizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizm	indeterminizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmom	indeterminizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmowi	indeterminizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmów	indeterminizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmu	indeterminizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indeterminizmy	indeterminizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indianistach	indianista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianista	indianista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistami	indianista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistą	indianista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistę	indianista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianisto	indianista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistom	indianista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistów	indianista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianisty	indianista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indianisty	indianista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianiście	indianista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianiści	indianista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indianistce	indianistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistek	indianistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistkach	indianistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistka	indianistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistkami	indianistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistką	indianistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistkę	indianistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistki	indianistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistki	indianistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistko	indianistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistkom	indianistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistycznościach	indianistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistycznościami	indianistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistycznością	indianistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczności	indianistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczności	indianistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczności	indianistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczności	indianistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczności	indianistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistycznościom	indianistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczność	indianistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczność	indianistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyczna	indianistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indianistyczną	indianistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indianistyczną	indianistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indianistycznego	indianistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indianistycznego	indianistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indianistyczne	indianistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistyczne	indianistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistyczne	indianistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indianistyczne	indianistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indianistycznej	indianistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indianistycznej	indianistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indianistycznej	indianistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indianistycznemu	indianistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indianistyczni	indianistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indianistyczno	indianistyczny	adja		
indianistycznych	indianistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indianistycznych	indianistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistycznych	indianistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistyczny	indianistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indianistyczny	indianistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indianistycznymi	indianistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistycznym	indianistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indianistycznym	indianistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indianistycznym	indianistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indianistyce	indianistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistykach	indianistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyka	indianistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistykami	indianistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyką	indianistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistykę	indianistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyki	indianistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyki	indianistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyk	indianistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistyko	indianistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indianistykom	indianistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańscy	indiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indiańska	indiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indiańską	indiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indiańską	indiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indiańskich	indiański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indiańskich	indiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskich	indiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskiego	indiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indiańskiego	indiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indiańskie	indiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskie	indiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskie	indiański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indiańskie	indiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indiańskiej	indiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indiańskiej	indiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indiańskiej	indiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indiańskiemu	indiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indiański	indiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indiański	indiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indiańskimi	indiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskim	indiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indiańskim	indiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indiańskim	indiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indiańsko	indiański	adja		
indiańsku	indiański	adjp		
indiańsko	indiańsko	adv:pos		
indiańskościach	indiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskościami	indiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskością	indiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskości	indiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskości	indiańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskości	indiańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskości	indiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskości	indiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskościom	indiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskość	indiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indiańskość	indiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwach	indikatiwus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwami	indikatiwus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwem	indikatiwus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwie	indikatiwus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwie	indikatiwus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwom	indikatiwus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwowi	indikatiwus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwów	indikatiwus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwu	indikatiwus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwus	indikatiwus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indikatiwy	indikatiwus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjscy	indoaryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indoaryjska	indoaryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indoaryjską	indoaryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indoaryjską	indoaryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indoaryjskich	indoaryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indoaryjskich	indoaryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskich	indoaryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskiego	indoaryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indoaryjskiego	indoaryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoaryjskie	indoaryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskie	indoaryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskie	indoaryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indoaryjskie	indoaryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indoaryjskiej	indoaryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indoaryjskiej	indoaryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indoaryjskiej	indoaryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indoaryjskiemu	indoaryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoaryjski	indoaryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indoaryjski	indoaryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indoaryjskimi	indoaryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskim	indoaryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoaryjskim	indoaryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoaryjskim	indoaryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoaryjsko	indoaryjski	adja		
indoaryjsku	indoaryjski	adjp		
indoaryjsko	indoaryjsko	adv:pos		
indoaryjskościach	indoaryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskościami	indoaryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskością	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskości	indoaryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskości	indoaryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskości	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskości	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskości	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskościom	indoaryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskość	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoaryjskość	indoaryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińscy	indochiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indochińska	indochiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indochińską	indochiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indochińską	indochiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indochińskich	indochiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indochińskich	indochiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskich	indochiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskiego	indochiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indochińskiego	indochiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indochińskie	indochiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskie	indochiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskie	indochiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indochińskie	indochiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indochińskiej	indochiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indochińskiej	indochiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indochińskiej	indochiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indochińskiemu	indochiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indochiński	indochiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indochiński	indochiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indochińskimi	indochiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskim	indochiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indochińskim	indochiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indochińskim	indochiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indochińsko	indochiński	adja		
indochińsku	indochiński	adjp		
indochińsko	indochińsko	adv:pos		
indochińskościach	indochińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskościami	indochińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskością	indochińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskości	indochińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskości	indochińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskości	indochińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskości	indochińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskości	indochińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskościom	indochińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskość	indochińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indochińskość	indochińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistach	indoeuropeista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeista	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistami	indoeuropeista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistą	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistę	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeisto	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistom	indoeuropeista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistów	indoeuropeista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeisty	indoeuropeista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeisty	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeiście	indoeuropeista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeiści	indoeuropeista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistycznościach	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistycznościami	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistycznością	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczności	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczności	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczności	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczności	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczności	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistycznościom	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczność	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczność	indoeuropeistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyczna	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indoeuropeistyczną	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indoeuropeistyczną	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indoeuropeistycznego	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indoeuropeistycznego	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczne	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczne	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczne	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczne	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indoeuropeistycznej	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indoeuropeistycznej	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indoeuropeistycznej	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indoeuropeistycznemu	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczni	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indoeuropeistyczno	indoeuropeistyczny	adja		
indoeuropeistycznych	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indoeuropeistycznych	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistycznych	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyczny	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indoeuropeistyczny	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indoeuropeistycznymi	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistycznym	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropeistycznym	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropeistycznym	indoeuropeistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropeistyce	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistykach	indoeuropeistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyka	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistykami	indoeuropeistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyką	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistykę	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyki	indoeuropeistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyki	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyk	indoeuropeistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistyko	indoeuropeistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeistykom	indoeuropeistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacjach	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacja	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacjami	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacją	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacje	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizację	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacji	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indoeuropeizacji	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacji	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacjo	indoeuropeizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacjom	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropeizacyj	indoeuropeizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indoeuropejscy	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indoeuropejska	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indoeuropejską	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indoeuropejską	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indoeuropejskich	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indoeuropejskich	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskich	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskiego	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indoeuropejskiego	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropejskie	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskie	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskie	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indoeuropejskie	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indoeuropejskiej	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indoeuropejskiej	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indoeuropejskiej	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indoeuropejskiemu	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropejski	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indoeuropejski	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indoeuropejskimi	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskim	indoeuropejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoeuropejskim	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropejskim	indoeuropejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoeuropejsko	indoeuropejski	adja		
indoeuropejsku	indoeuropejski	adjp		
ie	indoeuropejski	brev:pun		
indoeuropejsko	indoeuropejsko	adv:pos		
indoeuropejskościach	indoeuropejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskościami	indoeuropejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskością	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskości	indoeuropejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskości	indoeuropejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskości	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskości	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskości	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskościom	indoeuropejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskość	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoeuropejskość	indoeuropejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańscy	indogermański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indogermańska	indogermański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indogermańską	indogermański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indogermańską	indogermański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indogermańskich	indogermański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indogermańskich	indogermański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskich	indogermański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskiego	indogermański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indogermańskiego	indogermański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indogermańskie	indogermański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskie	indogermański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskie	indogermański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indogermańskie	indogermański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indogermańskiej	indogermański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indogermańskiej	indogermański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indogermańskiej	indogermański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indogermańskiemu	indogermański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indogermański	indogermański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indogermański	indogermański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indogermańskimi	indogermański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskim	indogermański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indogermańskim	indogermański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indogermańskim	indogermański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indogermańsko	indogermański	adja		
indogermańsku	indogermański	adjp		
indogermańsko	indogermańsko	adv:pos		
indogermańskościach	indogermańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskościami	indogermańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskością	indogermańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskości	indogermańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskości	indogermańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskości	indogermańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskości	indogermańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskości	indogermańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskościom	indogermańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskość	indogermańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indogermańskość	indogermańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańscy	indoirański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indoirańska	indoirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indoirańską	indoirański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indoirańską	indoirański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indoirańskich	indoirański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indoirańskich	indoirański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskich	indoirański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskiego	indoirański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indoirańskiego	indoirański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoirańskie	indoirański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskie	indoirański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskie	indoirański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indoirańskie	indoirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indoirańskiej	indoirański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indoirańskiej	indoirański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indoirańskiej	indoirański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indoirańskiemu	indoirański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoirański	indoirański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indoirański	indoirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indoirańskimi	indoirański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskim	indoirański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoirańskim	indoirański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoirańskim	indoirański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoirańsko	indoirański	adja		
indoirańsku	indoirański	adjp		
indoirańsko	indoirańsko	adv:pos		
indoirańskościach	indoirańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskościami	indoirańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskością	indoirańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskości	indoirańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskości	indoirańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskości	indoirańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskości	indoirańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskości	indoirańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskościom	indoirańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskość	indoirańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoirańskość	indoirańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacjach	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacja	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacjami	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacją	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacje	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynację	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacji	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indoktrynacji	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacji	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacjo	indoktrynacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacjom	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyj	indoktrynacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indoktrynacyjnościach	indoktrynacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjnościami	indoktrynacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjnością	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjności	indoktrynacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjności	indoktrynacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjności	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjności	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjności	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjnościom	indoktrynacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjność	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjność	indoktrynacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indoktrynacyjna	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjną	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjną	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjnego	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indoktrynacyjnego	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjne	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjne	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjne	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indoktrynacyjne	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indoktrynacyjnej	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjnej	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjnej	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indoktrynacyjnemu	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjni	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indoktrynacyjno	indoktrynacyjny	adja		
indoktrynacyjnych	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indoktrynacyjnych	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjnych	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjny	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indoktrynacyjny	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indoktrynacyjnymi	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjnym	indoktrynacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjnym	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoktrynacyjnym	indoktrynacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indoktrynować	indoktrynować	inf:imperf		
indoktrynowaliby	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowalibyście	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowalibyśmy	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowali	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indoktrynowali	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowaliście	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowaliśmy	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałaby	indoktrynować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałabym	indoktrynować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałabyś	indoktrynować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowała	indoktrynować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indoktrynowała	indoktrynować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałam	indoktrynować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałaś	indoktrynować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowałby	indoktrynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałbym	indoktrynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałbyś	indoktrynować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowałem	indoktrynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałeś	indoktrynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indoktrynował	indoktrynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indoktrynował	indoktrynować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałoby	indoktrynować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałobym	indoktrynować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałobyś	indoktrynować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowało	indoktrynować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indoktrynowało	indoktrynować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałom	indoktrynować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowałoś	indoktrynować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowałyby	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałybyście	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowałybyśmy	indoktrynować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowały	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indoktrynowały	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indoktrynowałyście	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indoktrynowałyśmy	indoktrynować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indoktrynowana	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaną	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanego	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanego	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowane	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowane	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanej	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanemu	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaniach	indoktrynować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowania	indoktrynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowania	indoktrynować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaniami	indoktrynować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanie	indoktrynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaniem	indoktrynować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowani	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaniom	indoktrynować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowaniu	indoktrynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowano	indoktrynować	imps:imperf		
indoktrynowanych	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanych	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowany	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowany	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanymi	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanym	indoktrynować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowanym	indoktrynować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynowań	indoktrynować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynująca	indoktrynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującą	indoktrynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującego	indoktrynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującego	indoktrynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujące	indoktrynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujące	indoktrynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującej	indoktrynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującemu	indoktrynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynując	indoktrynować	pcon:imperf		
indoktrynująco	indoktrynować	pacta		
indoktrynujących	indoktrynować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujących	indoktrynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujący	indoktrynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujący	indoktrynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indoktrynujący	indoktrynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującymi	indoktrynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującym	indoktrynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynującym	indoktrynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indoktrynują	indoktrynować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indoktrynujcie	indoktrynować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indoktrynujecie	indoktrynować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indoktrynuje	indoktrynować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indoktrynujemy	indoktrynować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indoktrynujesz	indoktrynować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indoktrynuję	indoktrynować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indoktrynuj	indoktrynować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indoktrynujmy	indoktrynować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indolach	indol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolami	indol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indole	indol	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolem	indol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indoli	indol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indol	indol	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolom	indol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolowi	indol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolów	indol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolu	indol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolu	indol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolu	indol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indolencjach	indolencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencja	indolencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencjami	indolencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencją	indolencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencje	indolencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencję	indolencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencji	indolencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indolencji	indolencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencji	indolencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencjo	indolencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencjom	indolencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolencyj	indolencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indolentnościach	indolentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentnościami	indolentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentnością	indolentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentności	indolentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentności	indolentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentności	indolentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentności	indolentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentności	indolentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentnościom	indolentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentność	indolentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentność	indolentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indolentna	indolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indolentną	indolentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indolentną	indolentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indolentnego	indolentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indolentnego	indolentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indolentne	indolentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentne	indolentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentne	indolentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indolentne	indolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indolentnej	indolentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indolentnej	indolentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indolentnej	indolentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indolentnemu	indolentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indolentni	indolentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indolentno	indolentny	adja		
indolentnych	indolentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indolentnych	indolentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentnych	indolentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentny	indolentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indolentny	indolentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indolentnymi	indolentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentnym	indolentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indolentnym	indolentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indolentnym	indolentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indolodzy	indolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologach	indolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologa	indolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologami	indolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologiem	indolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologi	indolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indolog	indolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologom	indolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologowie	indolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologowi	indolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologów	indolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologu	indolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologu	indolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indologiach	indologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologia	indologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiami	indologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologią	indologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologie	indologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologię	indologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologii	indologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indologii	indologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologii	indologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologij	indologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indologio	indologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiom	indologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologicznościach	indologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologicznościami	indologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologicznością	indologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczności	indologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczności	indologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczności	indologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczności	indologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczności	indologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologicznościom	indologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczność	indologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczność	indologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indologiczna	indologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indologiczną	indologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indologiczną	indologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indologicznego	indologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indologicznego	indologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indologiczne	indologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologiczne	indologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologiczne	indologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indologiczne	indologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indologicznej	indologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indologicznej	indologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indologicznej	indologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indologicznemu	indologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indologiczni	indologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indologiczno	indologiczny	adja		
indologicznych	indologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indologicznych	indologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologicznych	indologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologiczny	indologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indologiczny	indologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indologicznymi	indologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologicznym	indologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indologicznym	indologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indologicznym	indologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indonezyjscy	indonezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indonezyjska	indonezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indonezyjską	indonezyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indonezyjską	indonezyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indonezyjskich	indonezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indonezyjskich	indonezyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskich	indonezyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskiego	indonezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indonezyjskiego	indonezyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indonezyjskie	indonezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskie	indonezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskie	indonezyjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indonezyjskie	indonezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indonezyjskiej	indonezyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indonezyjskiej	indonezyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indonezyjskiej	indonezyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indonezyjskiemu	indonezyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indonezyjski	indonezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indonezyjski	indonezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indonezyjskimi	indonezyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskim	indonezyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indonezyjskim	indonezyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indonezyjskim	indonezyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indonezyjsko	indonezyjski	adja		
indonezyjsku	indonezyjski	adjp		
indonezyjsko	indonezyjsko	adv:pos		
indonezyjskościach	indonezyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskościami	indonezyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskością	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskości	indonezyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskości	indonezyjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskości	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskości	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskości	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskościom	indonezyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskość	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indonezyjskość	indonezyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indorach	indor	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indora	indor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorami	indor	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorem	indor	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indor	indor	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorom	indor	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorowi	indor	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorów	indor	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indory	indor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorze	indor	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorze	indor	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczek	indoreczek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczkach	indoreczek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczka	indoreczek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczkami	indoreczek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczkiem	indoreczek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczki	indoreczek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczkom	indoreczek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczkowi	indoreczek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczków	indoreczek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczku	indoreczek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indoreczku	indoreczek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorek	indorek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorkach	indorek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorka	indorek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorkami	indorek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorkiem	indorek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorki	indorek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorkom	indorek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorkowi	indorek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorków	indorek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorku	indorek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indorku	indorek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indosach	indos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosami	indos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosem	indos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosie	indos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosie	indos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indos	indos	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosom	indos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosowi	indos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosów	indos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosu	indos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosy	indos	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamencie	indosament	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamencie	indosament	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentach	indosament	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentami	indosament	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentem	indosament	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosament	indosament	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentom	indosament	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentowi	indosament	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentów	indosament	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamentu	indosament	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosamenty	indosament	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indosancie	indosant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosancie	indosant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosanci	indosant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantach	indosant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosanta	indosant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantami	indosant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantem	indosant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosant	indosant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantom	indosant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantowi	indosant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosantów	indosant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosanty	indosant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	praw.
indosacie	indosat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosacie	indosat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosaci	indosat	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatach	indosat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosata	indosat	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatami	indosat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatem	indosat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosat	indosat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatom	indosat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatowi	indosat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatów	indosat	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosaty	indosat	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszach	indosatariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariusza	indosatariusz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszami	indosatariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariusze	indosatariusz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariusze	indosatariusz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszem	indosatariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariusz	indosatariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszom	indosatariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszowi	indosatariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszów	indosatariusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszu	indosatariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszu	indosatariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosatariuszy	indosatariusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indosować	indosować	inf:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowaliby	indosować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowalibyście	indosować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowalibyśmy	indosować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowali	indosować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowali	indosować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowaliście	indosować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowaliśmy	indosować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałaby	indosować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałabym	indosować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałabyś	indosować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowała	indosować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowała	indosować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałam	indosować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałaś	indosować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałby	indosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałbym	indosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałbyś	indosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałem	indosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałeś	indosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosował	indosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		praw.
indosował	indosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałoby	indosować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałobym	indosować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałobyś	indosować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowało	indosować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowało	indosować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałom	indosować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałoś	indosować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałyby	indosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałybyście	indosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałybyśmy	indosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowały	indosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowały	indosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałyście	indosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowałyśmy	indosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowana	indosować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaną	indosować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanego	indosować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanego	indosować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowane	indosować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowane	indosować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanej	indosować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanemu	indosować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaniach	indosować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowania	indosować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowania	indosować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaniami	indosować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanie	indosować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaniem	indosować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowani	indosować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaniom	indosować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowaniu	indosować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowano	indosować	imps:imperf.perf		praw.
indosowanych	indosować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanych	indosować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowany	indosować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowany	indosować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanymi	indosować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanym	indosować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowanym	indosować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowań	indosować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
indosowawszy	indosować	pant:perf		praw.
indosująca	indosować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indosującą	indosować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indosującego	indosować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indosującego	indosować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indosujące	indosować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indosujące	indosować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indosującej	indosować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indosującemu	indosować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indosując	indosować	pcon:imperf		praw.
indosująco	indosować	pacta		
indosujących	indosować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indosujących	indosować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indosujący	indosować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indosujący	indosować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indosujący	indosować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indosującymi	indosować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indosującym	indosować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indosującym	indosować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indosują	indosować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosujcie	indosować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosujecie	indosować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosuje	indosować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		praw.
indosujemy	indosować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosujesz	indosować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosuję	indosować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indosuj	indosować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		praw.
indosujmy	indosować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		praw.
indukcjach	indukcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcja	indukcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjami	indukcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcją	indukcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcje	indukcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcję	indukcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcji	indukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indukcji	indukcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcji	indukcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjo	indukcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjom	indukcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyj	indukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indukcjonizmach	indukcjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmami	indukcjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmem	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmie	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmie	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizm	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmom	indukcjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmowi	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmów	indukcjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmu	indukcjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcjonizmy	indukcjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjnie	indukcyjnie	adv:pos		
indukcyjnościach	indukcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjnościami	indukcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjnością	indukcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjności	indukcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjności	indukcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjności	indukcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjności	indukcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjności	indukcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjnościom	indukcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjność	indukcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjność	indukcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indukcyjna	indukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indukcyjną	indukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indukcyjną	indukcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indukcyjnego	indukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indukcyjnego	indukcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indukcyjne	indukcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjne	indukcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjne	indukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indukcyjne	indukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indukcyjnej	indukcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indukcyjnej	indukcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indukcyjnej	indukcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indukcyjnemu	indukcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indukcyjni	indukcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indukcyjno	indukcyjny	adja		
indukcyjnych	indukcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indukcyjnych	indukcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjnych	indukcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjny	indukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indukcyjny	indukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indukcyjnymi	indukcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjnym	indukcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indukcyjnym	indukcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indukcyjnym	indukcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indukować	indukować	inf:imperf		
indukowaliby	indukować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indukowalibyście	indukować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indukowalibyśmy	indukować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indukowali	indukować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indukowali	indukować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indukowaliście	indukować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indukowaliśmy	indukować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indukowałaby	indukować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indukowałabym	indukować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indukowałabyś	indukować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indukowała	indukować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indukowała	indukować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indukowałam	indukować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indukowałaś	indukować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indukowałby	indukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indukowałbym	indukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indukowałbyś	indukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indukowałem	indukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indukowałeś	indukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indukował	indukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indukował	indukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indukowałoby	indukować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indukowałobym	indukować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indukowałobyś	indukować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indukowało	indukować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indukowało	indukować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indukowałom	indukować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indukowałoś	indukować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indukowałyby	indukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indukowałybyście	indukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indukowałybyśmy	indukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indukowały	indukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indukowały	indukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indukowałyście	indukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indukowałyśmy	indukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indukowana	indukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indukowaną	indukować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indukowanego	indukować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indukowanego	indukować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukowane	indukować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukowane	indukować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indukowanej	indukować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indukowanemu	indukować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukowaniach	indukować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indukowania	indukować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indukowania	indukować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indukowaniami	indukować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indukowanie	indukować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indukowaniem	indukować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indukowani	indukować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indukowaniom	indukować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indukowaniu	indukować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indukowano	indukować	imps:imperf		
indukowanych	indukować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indukowanych	indukować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukowany	indukować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indukowany	indukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indukowanymi	indukować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukowanym	indukować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukowanym	indukować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukowań	indukować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indukująca	indukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indukującą	indukować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indukującego	indukować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indukującego	indukować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukujące	indukować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukujące	indukować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indukującej	indukować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indukującemu	indukować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukując	indukować	pcon:imperf		
indukująco	indukować	pacta		
indukujących	indukować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indukujących	indukować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukujący	indukować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indukujący	indukować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indukujący	indukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indukującymi	indukować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukującym	indukować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indukującym	indukować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indukują	indukować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indukujcie	indukować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indukujecie	indukować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indukuje	indukować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indukujemy	indukować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indukujesz	indukować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indukuję	indukować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indukuj	indukować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indukujmy	indukować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indukcie	indukt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukcie	indukt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktach	indukt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktami	indukt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktem	indukt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukt	indukt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktom	indukt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktowi	indukt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktów	indukt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktu	indukt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukty	indukt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukcie	indukta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktach	indukta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukta	indukta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktami	indukta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktą	indukta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktę	indukta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukt	indukta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukto	indukta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktom	indukta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukty	indukta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indukty	indukta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
induktorach	induktor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktora	induktor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorami	induktor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorem	induktor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktor	induktor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorom	induktor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorowi	induktor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorów	induktor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktory	induktor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorze	induktor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktorze	induktor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
induktywnościach	induktywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywnościami	induktywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywnością	induktywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywności	induktywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywności	induktywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywności	induktywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywności	induktywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywności	induktywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywnościom	induktywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywność	induktywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywność	induktywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
induktywna	induktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
induktywną	induktywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
induktywną	induktywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
induktywnego	induktywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
induktywnego	induktywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
induktywne	induktywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywne	induktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywne	induktywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
induktywne	induktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
induktywnej	induktywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
induktywnej	induktywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
induktywnej	induktywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
induktywnemu	induktywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
induktywni	induktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
induktywno	induktywny	adja		przest.
induktywnych	induktywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
induktywnych	induktywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywnych	induktywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywny	induktywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
induktywny	induktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
induktywnymi	induktywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywnym	induktywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
induktywnym	induktywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
induktywnym	induktywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indulgencjach	indulgencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencja	indulgencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencjami	indulgencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencją	indulgencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencje	indulgencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencję	indulgencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencji	indulgencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
indulgencji	indulgencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencji	indulgencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencjo	indulgencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencjom	indulgencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indulgencyj	indulgencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
indulcie	indult	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indulcie	indult	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultach	indult	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultami	indult	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultem	indult	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indult	indult	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultom	indult	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultowi	indult	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultów	indult	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indultu	indult	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indulty	indult	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industriach	industria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industria	industria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industriami	industria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrią	industria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrie	industria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrię	industria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrii	industria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
industrii	industria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrii	industria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrio	industria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industriom	industria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryj	industria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
industrialach	industrial	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialami	industrial	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industriale	industrial	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialem	industrial	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industriali	industrial	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrial	industrial	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialom	industrial	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialowi	industrial	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialów	industrial	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialu	industrial	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialu	industrial	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialu	industrial	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistycznościach	industrialistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistycznościami	industrialistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistycznością	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczności	industrialistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczności	industrialistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczności	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczności	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczności	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistycznościom	industrialistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczność	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczność	industrialistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrialistyczna	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
industrialistyczną	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
industrialistyczną	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
industrialistycznego	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
industrialistycznego	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrialistyczne	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistyczne	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistyczne	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
industrialistyczne	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
industrialistycznej	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
industrialistycznej	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
industrialistycznej	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
industrialistycznemu	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrialistyczni	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
industrialistyczno	industrialistyczny	adja		
industrialistycznych	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
industrialistycznych	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistycznych	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistyczny	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
industrialistyczny	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
industrialistycznymi	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistycznym	industrialistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrialistycznym	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrialistycznym	industrialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrializacjach	industrializacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacja	industrializacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacjami	industrializacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacją	industrializacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacje	industrializacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializację	industrializacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacji	industrializacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
industrializacji	industrializacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacji	industrializacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacjo	industrializacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacjom	industrializacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyj	industrializacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
industrializacyjnościach	industrializacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjnościami	industrializacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjnością	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjności	industrializacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjności	industrializacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjności	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjności	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjności	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjnościom	industrializacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjność	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjność	industrializacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
industrializacyjna	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
industrializacyjną	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
industrializacyjną	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
industrializacyjnego	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
industrializacyjnego	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrializacyjne	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjne	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjne	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
industrializacyjne	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
industrializacyjnej	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
industrializacyjnej	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
industrializacyjnej	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
industrializacyjnemu	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrializacyjni	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
industrializacyjno	industrializacyjny	adja		
industrializacyjnych	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
industrializacyjnych	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjnych	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjny	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
industrializacyjny	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
industrializacyjnymi	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjnym	industrializacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
industrializacyjnym	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrializacyjnym	industrializacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
industrializmach	industrializm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmami	industrializm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmem	industrializm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmie	industrializm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmie	industrializm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializm	industrializm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmom	industrializm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmowi	industrializm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmów	industrializm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmu	industrializm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializmy	industrializm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
industrializować	industrializować	inf:imperf		
industrializowaliby	industrializować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
industrializowalibyście	industrializować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
industrializowalibyśmy	industrializować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
industrializowali	industrializować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
industrializowali	industrializować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
industrializowaliście	industrializować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
industrializowaliśmy	industrializować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
industrializowałaby	industrializować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
industrializowałabym	industrializować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
industrializowałabyś	industrializować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
industrializowała	industrializować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
industrializowała	industrializować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
industrializowałam	industrializować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
industrializowałaś	industrializować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
industrializowałby	industrializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
industrializowałbym	industrializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
industrializowałbyś	industrializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
industrializowałem	industrializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
industrializowałeś	industrializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
industrializował	industrializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
industrializował	industrializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
industrializowałoby	industrializować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
industrializowałobym	industrializować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
industrializowałobyś	industrializować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
industrializowało	industrializować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
industrializowało	industrializować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
industrializowałom	industrializować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
industrializowałoś	industrializować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
industrializowałyby	industrializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
industrializowałybyście	industrializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
industrializowałybyśmy	industrializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
industrializowały	industrializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
industrializowały	industrializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
industrializowałyście	industrializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
industrializowałyśmy	industrializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
industrializowana	industrializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
industrializowaną	industrializować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
industrializowanego	industrializować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
industrializowanego	industrializować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowane	industrializować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowane	industrializować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowanej	industrializować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
industrializowanemu	industrializować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowaniach	industrializować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowania	industrializować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowania	industrializować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowaniami	industrializować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowanie	industrializować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowaniem	industrializować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowani	industrializować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
industrializowaniom	industrializować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowaniu	industrializować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializowano	industrializować	imps:imperf		
industrializowanych	industrializować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
industrializowanych	industrializować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowany	industrializować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
industrializowany	industrializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
industrializowanymi	industrializować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowanym	industrializować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowanym	industrializować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializowań	industrializować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
industrializująca	industrializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
industrializującą	industrializować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
industrializującego	industrializować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
industrializującego	industrializować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializujące	industrializować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializujące	industrializować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
industrializującej	industrializować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
industrializującemu	industrializować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializując	industrializować	pcon:imperf		
industrializująco	industrializować	pacta		
industrializujących	industrializować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
industrializujących	industrializować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializujący	industrializować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
industrializujący	industrializować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
industrializujący	industrializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
industrializującymi	industrializować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializującym	industrializować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
industrializującym	industrializować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
industrializują	industrializować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
industrializujcie	industrializować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
industrializujecie	industrializować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
industrializuje	industrializować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
industrializujemy	industrializować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
industrializujesz	industrializować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
industrializuję	industrializować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
industrializuj	industrializować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
industrializujmy	industrializować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
industrialnościach	industrialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialnościami	industrialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialnością	industrialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialności	industrialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialności	industrialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialności	industrialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialności	industrialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialności	industrialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialnościom	industrialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialność	industrialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialność	industrialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industrialna	industrialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
industrialną	industrialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
industrialną	industrialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
industrialnego	industrialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
industrialnego	industrialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industrialne	industrialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialne	industrialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialne	industrialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
industrialne	industrialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
industrialnej	industrialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
industrialnej	industrialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
industrialnej	industrialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
industrialnemu	industrialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industrialni	industrialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
industrialno	industrialny	adja		przest.
industrialnych	industrialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
industrialnych	industrialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialnych	industrialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialny	industrialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
industrialny	industrialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
industrialnymi	industrialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialnym	industrialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industrialnym	industrialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industrialnym	industrialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industryjnościach	industryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjnościami	industryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjnością	industryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjności	industryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjności	industryjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjności	industryjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjności	industryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjności	industryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjnościom	industryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjność	industryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjność	industryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
industryjna	industryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
industryjną	industryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
industryjną	industryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
industryjnego	industryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
industryjnego	industryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industryjne	industryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjne	industryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjne	industryjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
industryjne	industryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
industryjnej	industryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
industryjnej	industryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
industryjnej	industryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
industryjnemu	industryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industryjni	industryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
industryjno	industryjny	adja		przest.
industryjnych	industryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
industryjnych	industryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjnych	industryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjny	industryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
industryjny	industryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
industryjnymi	industryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjnym	industryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
industryjnym	industryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
industryjnym	industryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
indycjach	indycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycja	indycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycjami	indycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycją	indycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycje	indycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycję	indycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycji	indycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
indycji	indycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycji	indycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycjo	indycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycjom	indycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycyj	indycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
indyccy	indycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
indycka	indycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
indycką	indycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
indycką	indycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
indyckich	indycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
indyckich	indycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckich	indycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckiego	indycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
indyckiego	indycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
indyckie	indycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckie	indycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckie	indycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
indyckie	indycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
indyckiej	indycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
indyckiej	indycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
indyckiej	indycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
indyckiemu	indycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
indycki	indycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
indycki	indycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
indyckimi	indycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckim	indycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
indyckim	indycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
indyckim	indycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
indycko	indycki	adja		daw.
indycku	indycki	adjp		daw.
indyckościach	indyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckościami	indyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckością	indyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckości	indyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckości	indyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckości	indyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckości	indyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckości	indyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckościom	indyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckość	indyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyckość	indyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indycząt	indyczę	subst:pl:gen:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczęcia	indyczę	subst:sg:gen:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczęciem	indyczę	subst:sg:inst:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczęciu	indyczę	subst:sg:dat:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczęciu	indyczę	subst:sg:loc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczę	indyczę	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczętach	indyczę	subst:pl:loc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczęta	indyczę	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczętami	indyczę	subst:pl:inst:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczętom	indyczę	subst:pl:dat:n:col	nazwa pospolita	
indyczce	indyczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczek	indyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczkach	indyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczka	indyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczkami	indyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczką	indyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczkę	indyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczki	indyczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczki	indyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczko	indyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczkom	indyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indycznikach	indycznik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznika	indycznik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznikami	indycznik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznikiem	indycznik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyczniki	indycznik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznik	indycznik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznikom	indycznik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indycznikowi	indycznik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyczników	indycznik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyczniku	indycznik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyczniku	indycznik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyczo	indyczo	adv:pos		
indyczościach	indyczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczościami	indyczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczością	indyczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczości	indyczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczości	indyczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczości	indyczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczości	indyczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczości	indyczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczościom	indyczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczość	indyczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyczość	indyczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indycza	indyczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indyczą	indyczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indyczą	indyczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indyczego	indyczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indyczego	indyczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indycze	indyczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indycze	indyczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indycze	indyczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indycze	indyczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indyczej	indyczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indyczej	indyczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indyczej	indyczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indyczemu	indyczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyczo	indyczy	adja		
indyczych	indyczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indyczych	indyczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyczych	indyczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyczy	indyczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indyczy	indyczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indyczy	indyczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indyczymi	indyczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyczym	indyczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyczym	indyczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyczym	indyczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indycząca	indyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indyczącą	indyczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indyczącego	indyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indyczącego	indyczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indyczące	indyczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indyczące	indyczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indyczącej	indyczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indyczącemu	indyczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indycząc	indyczyć	pcon:imperf		
indycząco	indyczyć	pacta		
indyczących	indyczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indyczących	indyczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indyczący	indyczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indyczący	indyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indyczący	indyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indyczącymi	indyczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indyczącym	indyczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indyczącym	indyczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indyczą	indyczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indyczcie	indyczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indyczeniach	indyczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indyczenia	indyczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indyczenia	indyczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indyczeniami	indyczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indyczenie	indyczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indyczeniem	indyczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indyczeniom	indyczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indyczeniu	indyczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indyczeń	indyczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indyczę	indyczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indycz	indyczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indyczmy	indyczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indyczono	indyczyć	imps:imperf		
indyczycie	indyczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indyczyć	indyczyć	inf:imperf		
indyczy	indyczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indyczyliby	indyczyć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indyczylibyście	indyczyć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indyczylibyśmy	indyczyć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indyczyli	indyczyć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indyczyli	indyczyć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indyczyliście	indyczyć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indyczyliśmy	indyczyć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indyczyłaby	indyczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indyczyłabym	indyczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indyczyłabyś	indyczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indyczyła	indyczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indyczyła	indyczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indyczyłam	indyczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indyczyłaś	indyczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indyczyłby	indyczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indyczyłbym	indyczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indyczyłbyś	indyczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indyczyłem	indyczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indyczyłeś	indyczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indyczył	indyczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indyczył	indyczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indyczyłoby	indyczyć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indyczyłobym	indyczyć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indyczyłobyś	indyczyć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indyczyło	indyczyć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indyczyło	indyczyć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indyczyłom	indyczyć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indyczyłoś	indyczyć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indyczyłyby	indyczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indyczyłybyście	indyczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indyczyłybyśmy	indyczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indyczyły	indyczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indyczyły	indyczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indyczyłyście	indyczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indyczyłyśmy	indyczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indyczymy	indyczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indyczysz	indyczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indyferencjach	indyferencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencja	indyferencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencjami	indyferencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencją	indyferencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencje	indyferencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencję	indyferencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencji	indyferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indyferencji	indyferencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencji	indyferencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencjo	indyferencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencjom	indyferencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencyj	indyferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indyferencie	indyferent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferencie	indyferent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferenci	indyferent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentach	indyferent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferenta	indyferent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentami	indyferent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentem	indyferent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferent	indyferent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentom	indyferent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentowi	indyferent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentów	indyferent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indyferenty	indyferent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentce	indyferentka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentek	indyferentka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentkach	indyferentka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentka	indyferentka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentkami	indyferentka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentką	indyferentka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentkę	indyferentka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentki	indyferentka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentki	indyferentka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentko	indyferentka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentkom	indyferentka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentnie	indyferentnie	adv:pos		
indyferentnościach	indyferentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentnościami	indyferentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentnością	indyferentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentności	indyferentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentności	indyferentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentności	indyferentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentności	indyferentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentności	indyferentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentnościom	indyferentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentność	indyferentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentność	indyferentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentna	indyferentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indyferentną	indyferentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indyferentną	indyferentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indyferentnego	indyferentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indyferentnego	indyferentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyferentne	indyferentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentne	indyferentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentne	indyferentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indyferentne	indyferentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indyferentnej	indyferentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indyferentnej	indyferentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indyferentnej	indyferentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indyferentnemu	indyferentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyferentni	indyferentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indyferentno	indyferentny	adja		
indyferentnych	indyferentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indyferentnych	indyferentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentnych	indyferentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentny	indyferentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indyferentny	indyferentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indyferentnymi	indyferentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentnym	indyferentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyferentnym	indyferentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyferentnym	indyferentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyferentystach	indyferentysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentysta	indyferentysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentystami	indyferentysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentystą	indyferentysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentystę	indyferentysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentysto	indyferentysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentystom	indyferentysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentystów	indyferentysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentysty	indyferentysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentysty	indyferentysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentyście	indyferentysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentyści	indyferentysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
indyferentyzmach	indyferentyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmami	indyferentyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmem	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmie	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmie	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzm	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmom	indyferentyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmowi	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmów	indyferentyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmu	indyferentyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indyferentyzmy	indyferentyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenach	indygena	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygena	indygena	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenami	indygena	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygeną	indygena	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenę	indygena	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenie	indygena	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygeni	indygena	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygeno	indygena	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenom	indygena	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenów	indygena	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygeny	indygena	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indygeny	indygena	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indygenacie	indygenat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenacie	indygenat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatach	indygenat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatami	indygenat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatem	indygenat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenat	indygenat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatom	indygenat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatowi	indygenat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatów	indygenat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenatu	indygenat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygenaty	indygenat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygnacjach	indygnacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacja	indygnacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacjami	indygnacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacją	indygnacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacje	indygnacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnację	indygnacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacji	indygnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
indygnacji	indygnacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacji	indygnacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacjo	indygnacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacjom	indygnacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indygnacyj	indygnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
indygach	indygo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indyga	indygo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indyga	indygo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygami	indygo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygiem	indygo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indyg	indygo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygo	indygo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygo	indygo	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygom	indygo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygu	indygo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygu	indygo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcach	indygowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcach	indygowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowca	indygowiec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowca	indygowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcami	indygowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcami	indygowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowce	indygowiec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowce	indygowiec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcem	indygowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcem	indygowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcom	indygowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcom	indygowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcowi	indygowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcowi	indygowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowców	indygowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowców	indygowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcu	indygowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcu	indygowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowcu	indygowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowcu	indygowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowiec	indygowiec	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indygowiec	indygowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
indygowościach	indygowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowościami	indygowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowością	indygowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowości	indygowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowości	indygowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowości	indygowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowości	indygowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowości	indygowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowościom	indygowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowość	indygowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowość	indygowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indygowa	indygowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indygową	indygowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indygową	indygowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indygowego	indygowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indygowego	indygowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indygowe	indygowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowe	indygowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowe	indygowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indygowe	indygowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indygowej	indygowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indygowej	indygowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indygowej	indygowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indygowemu	indygowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indygowi	indygowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indygowo	indygowy	adja		
indygowych	indygowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indygowych	indygowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowych	indygowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowy	indygowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indygowy	indygowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indygowymi	indygowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowym	indygowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indygowym	indygowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indygowym	indygowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyjscy	indyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indyjska	indyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indyjską	indyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indyjską	indyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indyjskich	indyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indyjskich	indyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskich	indyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskiego	indyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indyjskiego	indyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyjskie	indyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskie	indyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskie	indyjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indyjskie	indyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indyjskiej	indyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indyjskiej	indyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indyjskiej	indyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indyjskiemu	indyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyjski	indyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indyjski	indyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indyjskimi	indyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskim	indyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indyjskim	indyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyjskim	indyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indyjsko	indyjski	adja		
indyjsku	indyjski	adjp		
indyjsko	indyjsko	adv:pos		
indyjskościach	indyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskościami	indyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskością	indyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskości	indyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskości	indyjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskości	indyjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskości	indyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskości	indyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskościom	indyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskość	indyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indyjskość	indyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykach	indyk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyka	indyk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indykami	indyk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indykiem	indyk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyki	indyk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyk	indyk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indykom	indyk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indykowi	indyk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyków	indyk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyku	indyk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indyku	indyk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjnościach	indykacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjnościami	indykacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjnością	indykacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjności	indykacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjności	indykacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjności	indykacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjności	indykacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjności	indykacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjnościom	indykacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjność	indykacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjność	indykacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykacyjna	indykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indykacyjną	indykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indykacyjną	indykacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indykacyjnego	indykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indykacyjnego	indykacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykacyjne	indykacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjne	indykacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjne	indykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indykacyjne	indykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indykacyjnej	indykacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indykacyjnej	indykacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indykacyjnej	indykacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indykacyjnemu	indykacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykacyjni	indykacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indykacyjno	indykacyjny	adja		
indykacyjnych	indykacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indykacyjnych	indykacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjnych	indykacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjny	indykacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indykacyjny	indykacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indykacyjnymi	indykacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjnym	indykacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykacyjnym	indykacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykacyjnym	indykacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykatorach	indykator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatora	indykator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorami	indykator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorem	indykator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykator	indykator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorom	indykator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorowi	indykator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorów	indykator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatory	indykator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorze	indykator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatorze	indykator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysach	indykatrysa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysa	indykatrysa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysami	indykatrysa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysą	indykatrysa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysę	indykatrysa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysie	indykatrysa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrys	indykatrysa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatryso	indykatrysa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysom	indykatrysa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysy	indykatrysa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatrysy	indykatrysa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywnościach	indykatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywnościami	indykatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywnością	indykatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywności	indykatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywności	indykatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywności	indykatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywności	indykatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywności	indykatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywnościom	indykatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywność	indykatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywność	indykatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indykatywna	indykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indykatywną	indykatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indykatywną	indykatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indykatywnego	indykatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indykatywnego	indykatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykatywne	indykatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywne	indykatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywne	indykatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indykatywne	indykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indykatywnej	indykatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indykatywnej	indykatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indykatywnej	indykatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indykatywnemu	indykatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykatywni	indykatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indykatywno	indykatywny	adja		
indykatywnych	indykatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indykatywnych	indykatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywnych	indykatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywny	indykatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indykatywny	indykatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indykatywnymi	indykatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywnym	indykatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indykatywnym	indykatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykatywnym	indykatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indykcjach	indykcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcja	indykcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcjami	indykcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcją	indykcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcje	indykcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcję	indykcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcji	indykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
indykcji	indykcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcji	indykcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcjo	indykcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcjom	indykcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indykcyj	indykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
indykować	indykować	inf:imperf		
indykowaliby	indykować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indykowalibyście	indykować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indykowalibyśmy	indykować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indykowali	indykować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indykowali	indykować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indykowaliście	indykować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indykowaliśmy	indykować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indykowałaby	indykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indykowałabym	indykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indykowałabyś	indykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indykowała	indykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indykowała	indykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indykowałam	indykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indykowałaś	indykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indykowałby	indykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indykowałbym	indykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indykowałbyś	indykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indykowałem	indykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indykowałeś	indykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indykował	indykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indykował	indykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indykowałoby	indykować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indykowałobym	indykować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indykowałobyś	indykować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indykowało	indykować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indykowało	indykować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indykowałom	indykować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indykowałoś	indykować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indykowałyby	indykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indykowałybyście	indykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indykowałybyśmy	indykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indykowały	indykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indykowały	indykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indykowałyście	indykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indykowałyśmy	indykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indykowana	indykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indykowaną	indykować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indykowanego	indykować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indykowanego	indykować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykowane	indykować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykowane	indykować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indykowanej	indykować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indykowanemu	indykować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykowaniach	indykować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indykowania	indykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indykowania	indykować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indykowaniami	indykować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indykowanie	indykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indykowaniem	indykować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indykowani	indykować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indykowaniom	indykować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indykowaniu	indykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indykowano	indykować	imps:imperf		
indykowanych	indykować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indykowanych	indykować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykowany	indykować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indykowany	indykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indykowanymi	indykować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykowanym	indykować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykowanym	indykować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykowań	indykować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indykująca	indykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indykującą	indykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indykującego	indykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indykującego	indykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykujące	indykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykujące	indykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indykującej	indykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indykującemu	indykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykując	indykować	pcon:imperf		
indykująco	indykować	pacta		
indykujących	indykować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indykujących	indykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykujący	indykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indykujący	indykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indykujący	indykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indykującymi	indykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykującym	indykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indykującym	indykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indykują	indykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indykujcie	indykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indykujecie	indykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indykuje	indykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indykujemy	indykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indykujesz	indykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indykuję	indykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indykuj	indykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indykujmy	indykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indyskrecjach	indyskrecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecja	indyskrecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecjami	indyskrecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecją	indyskrecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecje	indyskrecja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecję	indyskrecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecji	indyskrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
indyskrecji	indyskrecja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecji	indyskrecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecjo	indyskrecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecjom	indyskrecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyskrecyj	indyskrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
indyspozycjach	indyspozycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycja	indyspozycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycjami	indyspozycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycją	indyspozycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycje	indyspozycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycję	indyspozycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycji	indyspozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
indyspozycji	indyspozycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycji	indyspozycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycjo	indyspozycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycjom	indyspozycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
indyspozycyj	indyspozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
indywiduacjach	indywiduacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacja	indywiduacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacjami	indywiduacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacją	indywiduacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacje	indywiduacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduację	indywiduacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacji	indywiduacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|psych.
indywiduacji	indywiduacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacji	indywiduacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacjo	indywiduacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacjom	indywiduacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	psych.
indywiduacyj	indywiduacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|psych.
indywidualistach	indywidualista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualista	indywidualista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistami	indywidualista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistą	indywidualista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistę	indywidualista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualisto	indywidualista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistom	indywidualista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistów	indywidualista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualisty	indywidualista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualisty	indywidualista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualiście	indywidualista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualiści	indywidualista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistce	indywidualistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistek	indywidualistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistkach	indywidualistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistka	indywidualistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistkami	indywidualistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistką	indywidualistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistkę	indywidualistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistki	indywidualistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistki	indywidualistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistko	indywidualistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistkom	indywidualistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistycznie	indywidualistycznie	adv:pos		
indywidualistycznościach	indywidualistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistycznościami	indywidualistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistycznością	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczności	indywidualistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczności	indywidualistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczności	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczności	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczności	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistycznościom	indywidualistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczność	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczność	indywidualistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualistyczna	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indywidualistyczną	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indywidualistyczną	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indywidualistycznego	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indywidualistycznego	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualistyczne	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistyczne	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistyczne	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indywidualistyczne	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indywidualistycznej	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indywidualistycznej	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indywidualistycznej	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indywidualistycznemu	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualistyczni	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indywidualistyczno	indywidualistyczny	adja		
indywidualistycznych	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indywidualistycznych	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistycznych	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistyczny	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indywidualistyczny	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indywidualistycznymi	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistycznym	indywidualistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualistycznym	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualistycznym	indywidualistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualizacjach	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacja	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacjami	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacją	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacje	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizację	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacji	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
indywidualizacji	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacji	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacjo	indywidualizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacjom	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizacyj	indywidualizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
indywidualizmach	indywidualizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmami	indywidualizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmem	indywidualizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmie	indywidualizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmie	indywidualizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizm	indywidualizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmom	indywidualizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmowi	indywidualizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmów	indywidualizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmu	indywidualizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizmy	indywidualizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualizować	indywidualizować	inf:imperf		
indywidualizowaliby	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowalibyście	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowalibyśmy	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowali	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
indywidualizowali	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowaliście	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowaliśmy	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałaby	indywidualizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałabym	indywidualizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałabyś	indywidualizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowała	indywidualizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
indywidualizowała	indywidualizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałam	indywidualizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałaś	indywidualizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowałby	indywidualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałbym	indywidualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałbyś	indywidualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowałem	indywidualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałeś	indywidualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
indywidualizował	indywidualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
indywidualizował	indywidualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałoby	indywidualizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałobym	indywidualizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałobyś	indywidualizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowało	indywidualizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
indywidualizowało	indywidualizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałom	indywidualizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowałoś	indywidualizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowałyby	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałybyście	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowałybyśmy	indywidualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowały	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
indywidualizowały	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
indywidualizowałyście	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
indywidualizowałyśmy	indywidualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
indywidualizowana	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaną	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanego	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanego	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowane	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowane	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanej	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanemu	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaniach	indywidualizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowania	indywidualizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowania	indywidualizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaniami	indywidualizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanie	indywidualizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaniem	indywidualizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowani	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaniom	indywidualizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowaniu	indywidualizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowano	indywidualizować	imps:imperf		
indywidualizowanych	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanych	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowany	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowany	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanymi	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanym	indywidualizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowanym	indywidualizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizowań	indywidualizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizująca	indywidualizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującą	indywidualizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującego	indywidualizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującego	indywidualizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujące	indywidualizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujące	indywidualizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującej	indywidualizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującemu	indywidualizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizując	indywidualizować	pcon:imperf		
indywidualizująco	indywidualizować	pacta		
indywidualizujących	indywidualizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujących	indywidualizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujący	indywidualizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujący	indywidualizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
indywidualizujący	indywidualizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującymi	indywidualizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującym	indywidualizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizującym	indywidualizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
indywidualizują	indywidualizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
indywidualizujcie	indywidualizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
indywidualizujecie	indywidualizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
indywidualizuje	indywidualizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
indywidualizujemy	indywidualizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
indywidualizujesz	indywidualizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
indywidualizuję	indywidualizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
indywidualizuj	indywidualizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
indywidualizujmy	indywidualizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
indywidualnie	indywidualnie	adv:pos		
indywidualnościach	indywidualność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualnościami	indywidualność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualnością	indywidualność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualności	indywidualność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualności	indywidualność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualności	indywidualność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualności	indywidualność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualności	indywidualność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualnościom	indywidualność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualność	indywidualność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualność	indywidualność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
indywidualna	indywidualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
indywidualną	indywidualny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
indywidualną	indywidualny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
indywidualnego	indywidualny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
indywidualnego	indywidualny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualne	indywidualny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualne	indywidualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualne	indywidualny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
indywidualne	indywidualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
indywidualnej	indywidualny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
indywidualnej	indywidualny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
indywidualnej	indywidualny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
indywidualnemu	indywidualny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualni	indywidualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
indywidualno	indywidualny	adja		
indywidualnych	indywidualny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
indywidualnych	indywidualny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualnych	indywidualny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualny	indywidualny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
indywidualny	indywidualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
indywidualnymi	indywidualny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualnym	indywidualny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
indywidualnym	indywidualny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywidualnym	indywidualny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
indywiduach	indywiduum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywidua	indywiduum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduami	indywiduum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduom	indywiduum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduów	indywiduum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduum	indywiduum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduum	indywiduum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduum	indywiduum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduum	indywiduum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indywiduum	indywiduum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
indziej	indziej	adv		
ineditach	inedita	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inedita	inedita	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
ineditami	inedita	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
ineditom	inedita	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
ineditów	inedita	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
ineksprymablach	ineksprymable	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ineksprymablami	ineksprymable	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ineksprymable	ineksprymable	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ineksprymabli	ineksprymable	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ineksprymablom	ineksprymable	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ineksprymablów	ineksprymable	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inercjach	inercja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercja	inercja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjami	inercja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercją	inercja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercje	inercja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercję	inercja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercji	inercja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inercji	inercja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercji	inercja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjo	inercja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjom	inercja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyj	inercja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inercjalnościach	inercjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalnościami	inercjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalnością	inercjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalności	inercjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalności	inercjalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalności	inercjalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalności	inercjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalności	inercjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalnościom	inercjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalność	inercjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalność	inercjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercjalna	inercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inercjalną	inercjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inercjalną	inercjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inercjalnego	inercjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inercjalnego	inercjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercjalne	inercjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalne	inercjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalne	inercjalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inercjalne	inercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inercjalnej	inercjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inercjalnej	inercjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inercjalnej	inercjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inercjalnemu	inercjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercjalni	inercjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inercjalno	inercjalny	adja		
inercjalnych	inercjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inercjalnych	inercjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalnych	inercjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalny	inercjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inercjalny	inercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inercjalnymi	inercjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalnym	inercjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercjalnym	inercjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercjalnym	inercjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercyjnie	inercyjnie	adv:pos		
inercyjnościach	inercyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjnościami	inercyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjnością	inercyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjności	inercyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjności	inercyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjności	inercyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjności	inercyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjności	inercyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjnościom	inercyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjność	inercyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjność	inercyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inercyjna	inercyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inercyjną	inercyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inercyjną	inercyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inercyjnego	inercyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inercyjnego	inercyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercyjne	inercyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjne	inercyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjne	inercyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inercyjne	inercyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inercyjnej	inercyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inercyjnej	inercyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inercyjnej	inercyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inercyjnemu	inercyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercyjni	inercyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inercyjno	inercyjny	adja		
inercyjnych	inercyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inercyjnych	inercyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjnych	inercyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjny	inercyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inercyjny	inercyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inercyjnymi	inercyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjnym	inercyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inercyjnym	inercyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inercyjnym	inercyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infamach	infam	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infama	infam	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamami	infam	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamem	infam	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamie	infam	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamie	infam	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infam	infam	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamom	infam	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamowie	infam	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamowi	infam	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamów	infam	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamy	infam	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infamiach	infamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamia	infamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamiami	infamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamią	infamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamie	infamia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamię	infamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamii	infamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infamii	infamia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamii	infamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamij	infamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infamio	infamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamiom	infamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infamisach	infamis	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisa	infamis	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisami	infamis	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisem	infamis	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisie	infamis	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisie	infamis	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisi	infamis	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamis	infamis	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisom	infamis	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisowi	infamis	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisów	infamis	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infamisy	infamis	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
infamować	infamować	inf:imperf		daw.
infamowaliby	infamować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowalibyście	infamować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowalibyśmy	infamować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowali	infamować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
infamowali	infamować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowaliście	infamować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowaliśmy	infamować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałaby	infamować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałabym	infamować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałabyś	infamować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowała	infamować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
infamowała	infamować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałam	infamować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałaś	infamować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowałby	infamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałbym	infamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałbyś	infamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowałem	infamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałeś	infamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
infamował	infamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
infamował	infamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałoby	infamować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałobym	infamować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałobyś	infamować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowało	infamować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
infamowało	infamować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałom	infamować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowałoś	infamować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowałyby	infamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałybyście	infamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowałybyśmy	infamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowały	infamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
infamowały	infamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
infamowałyście	infamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
infamowałyśmy	infamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
infamowana	infamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infamowaną	infamować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infamowanego	infamować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infamowanego	infamować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamowane	infamować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamowane	infamować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infamowanej	infamować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infamowanemu	infamować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamowaniach	infamować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infamowania	infamować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infamowania	infamować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infamowaniami	infamować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infamowanie	infamować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infamowaniem	infamować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infamowani	infamować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infamowaniom	infamować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infamowaniu	infamować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infamowano	infamować	imps:imperf		daw.
infamowanych	infamować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infamowanych	infamować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamowany	infamować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infamowany	infamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infamowanymi	infamować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamowanym	infamować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamowanym	infamować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamowań	infamować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infamująca	infamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infamującą	infamować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infamującego	infamować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infamującego	infamować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamujące	infamować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamujące	infamować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infamującej	infamować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infamującemu	infamować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamując	infamować	pcon:imperf		daw.
infamująco	infamować	pacta		
infamujących	infamować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infamujących	infamować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamujący	infamować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infamujący	infamować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infamujący	infamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infamującymi	infamować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamującym	infamować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infamującym	infamować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infamują	infamować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
infamujcie	infamować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
infamujecie	infamować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
infamuje	infamować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
infamujemy	infamować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
infamujesz	infamować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
infamuję	infamować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
infamuj	infamować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
infamujmy	infamować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
infancie	infant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infancie	infant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanci	infant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantach	infant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanta	infant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantami	infant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantem	infant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infant	infant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantom	infant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantowi	infant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantów	infant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanty	infant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteriach	infanteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteria	infanteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteriami	infanteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterią	infanteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterie	infanteria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterię	infanteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterii	infanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
infanterii	infanteria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterii	infanteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterio	infanteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteriom	infanteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryj	infanteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
infanteryjnie	infanteryjnie	adv:pos		
infanteryjnościach	infanteryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjnościami	infanteryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjnością	infanteryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjności	infanteryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjności	infanteryjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjności	infanteryjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjności	infanteryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjności	infanteryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjnościom	infanteryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjność	infanteryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjność	infanteryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjna	infanteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjną	infanteryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjną	infanteryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjnego	infanteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
infanteryjnego	infanteryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjne	infanteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjne	infanteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjne	infanteryjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
infanteryjne	infanteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
infanteryjnej	infanteryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjnej	infanteryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjnej	infanteryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjnemu	infanteryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjni	infanteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
infanteryjno	infanteryjny	adja		daw.
infanteryjnych	infanteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
infanteryjnych	infanteryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjnych	infanteryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjny	infanteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
infanteryjny	infanteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
infanteryjnymi	infanteryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjnym	infanteryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjnym	infanteryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjnym	infanteryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjscy	infanteryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
infanteryjska	infanteryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjską	infanteryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjską	infanteryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjskich	infanteryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
infanteryjskich	infanteryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskich	infanteryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiego	infanteryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiego	infanteryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskie	infanteryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskie	infanteryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskie	infanteryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskie	infanteryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiej	infanteryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiej	infanteryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiej	infanteryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
infanteryjskiemu	infanteryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjski	infanteryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
infanteryjski	infanteryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
infanteryjskimi	infanteryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskim	infanteryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskim	infanteryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjskim	infanteryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
infanteryjsko	infanteryjski	adja		daw.
infanteryjsku	infanteryjski	adjp		daw.
infanteryjsko	infanteryjsko	adv:pos		
infanteryjskościach	infanteryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskościami	infanteryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskością	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskości	infanteryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskości	infanteryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskości	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskości	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskości	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskościom	infanteryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskość	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanteryjskość	infanteryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystach	infanterzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzysta	infanterzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystami	infanterzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystą	infanterzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystę	infanterzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzysto	infanterzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystom	infanterzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzystów	infanterzysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzysty	infanterzysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzysty	infanterzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzyście	infanterzysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infanterzyści	infanterzysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infantce	infantka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantek	infantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantkach	infantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantka	infantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantkami	infantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantką	infantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantkę	infantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantki	infantka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantki	infantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantko	infantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantkom	infantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistycznościach	infantylistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistycznościami	infantylistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistycznością	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczności	infantylistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczności	infantylistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczności	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczności	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczności	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistycznościom	infantylistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczność	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczność	infantylistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylistyczna	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infantylistyczną	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infantylistyczną	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infantylistycznego	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infantylistycznego	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylistyczne	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistyczne	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistyczne	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infantylistyczne	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infantylistycznej	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infantylistycznej	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infantylistycznej	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infantylistycznemu	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylistyczni	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infantylistyczno	infantylistyczny	adja		
infantylistycznych	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infantylistycznych	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistycznych	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistyczny	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infantylistyczny	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infantylistycznymi	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistycznym	infantylistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylistycznym	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylistycznym	infantylistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylizacjach	infantylizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacja	infantylizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacjami	infantylizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacją	infantylizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacje	infantylizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizację	infantylizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacji	infantylizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infantylizacji	infantylizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacji	infantylizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacjo	infantylizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacjom	infantylizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizacyj	infantylizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infantylizmach	infantylizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmami	infantylizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmem	infantylizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmie	infantylizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmie	infantylizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizm	infantylizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmom	infantylizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmowi	infantylizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmów	infantylizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmu	infantylizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizmy	infantylizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infantylizować	infantylizować	inf:imperf		
infantylizowaliby	infantylizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infantylizowalibyście	infantylizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infantylizowalibyśmy	infantylizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infantylizowali	infantylizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
infantylizowali	infantylizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infantylizowaliście	infantylizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infantylizowaliśmy	infantylizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałaby	infantylizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałabym	infantylizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałabyś	infantylizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infantylizowała	infantylizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
infantylizowała	infantylizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałam	infantylizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałaś	infantylizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infantylizowałby	infantylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałbym	infantylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałbyś	infantylizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infantylizowałem	infantylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałeś	infantylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infantylizował	infantylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
infantylizował	infantylizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałoby	infantylizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałobym	infantylizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałobyś	infantylizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infantylizowało	infantylizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
infantylizowało	infantylizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałom	infantylizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infantylizowałoś	infantylizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infantylizowałyby	infantylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałybyście	infantylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infantylizowałybyśmy	infantylizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infantylizowały	infantylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
infantylizowały	infantylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infantylizowałyście	infantylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infantylizowałyśmy	infantylizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infantylizowana	infantylizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaną	infantylizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanego	infantylizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanego	infantylizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowane	infantylizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowane	infantylizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanej	infantylizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanemu	infantylizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaniach	infantylizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowania	infantylizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowania	infantylizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaniami	infantylizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanie	infantylizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaniem	infantylizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowani	infantylizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaniom	infantylizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowaniu	infantylizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowano	infantylizować	imps:imperf		
infantylizowanych	infantylizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanych	infantylizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowany	infantylizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infantylizowany	infantylizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanymi	infantylizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanym	infantylizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowanym	infantylizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizowań	infantylizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizująca	infantylizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizującą	infantylizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizującego	infantylizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infantylizującego	infantylizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizujące	infantylizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizujące	infantylizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylizującej	infantylizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylizującemu	infantylizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizując	infantylizować	pcon:imperf		
infantylizująco	infantylizować	pacta		
infantylizujących	infantylizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylizujących	infantylizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizujący	infantylizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylizujący	infantylizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infantylizujący	infantylizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infantylizującymi	infantylizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizującym	infantylizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizującym	infantylizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylizują	infantylizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
infantylizujcie	infantylizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
infantylizujecie	infantylizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
infantylizuje	infantylizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
infantylizujemy	infantylizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
infantylizujesz	infantylizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
infantylizuję	infantylizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
infantylizuj	infantylizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
infantylizujmy	infantylizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
infantylnie	infantylnie	adv:pos		
infantylniałaby	infantylnieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infantylniałabym	infantylnieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infantylniałabyś	infantylnieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infantylniała	infantylnieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
infantylniała	infantylnieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infantylniałam	infantylnieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infantylniałaś	infantylnieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infantylniałby	infantylnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infantylniałbym	infantylnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infantylniałbyś	infantylnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infantylniałem	infantylnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infantylniałeś	infantylnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infantylniał	infantylnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
infantylniał	infantylnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infantylniałoby	infantylnieć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infantylniałobym	infantylnieć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infantylniałobyś	infantylnieć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infantylniało	infantylnieć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
infantylniało	infantylnieć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infantylniałom	infantylnieć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infantylniałoś	infantylnieć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infantylniałyby	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infantylniałybyście	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infantylniałybyśmy	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infantylniały	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
infantylniały	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infantylniałyście	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infantylniałyśmy	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infantylniano	infantylnieć	imps:imperf		
infantylnieć	infantylnieć	inf:imperf		
infantylniejąca	infantylnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącą	infantylnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącego	infantylnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącego	infantylnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejące	infantylnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejące	infantylnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącej	infantylnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącemu	infantylnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejąc	infantylnieć	pcon:imperf		
infantylniejąco	infantylnieć	pacta		
infantylniejących	infantylnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylniejących	infantylnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejący	infantylnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infantylniejący	infantylnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infantylniejący	infantylnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącymi	infantylnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącym	infantylnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infantylniejącym	infantylnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infantylnieją	infantylnieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
infantylniejcie	infantylnieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
infantylniejecie	infantylnieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
infantylnieje	infantylnieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
infantylniejemy	infantylnieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
infantylniejesz	infantylnieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
infantylnieję	infantylnieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
infantylniej	infantylnieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
infantylniejmy	infantylnieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
infantylnieliby	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infantylnielibyście	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infantylnielibyśmy	infantylnieć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infantylnieli	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
infantylnieli	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infantylnieliście	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infantylnieliśmy	infantylnieć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infantylnieniach	infantylnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnienia	infantylnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnienia	infantylnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnieniami	infantylnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnienie	infantylnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnieniem	infantylnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnieniom	infantylnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnieniu	infantylnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnień	infantylnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infantylnościach	infantylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylnościami	infantylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylnością	infantylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylności	infantylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylności	infantylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylności	infantylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylności	infantylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylności	infantylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylnościom	infantylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylność	infantylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylność	infantylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infantylna	infantylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infantylną	infantylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infantylną	infantylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infantylnego	infantylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infantylnego	infantylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylne	infantylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylne	infantylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylne	infantylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infantylne	infantylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infantylnej	infantylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infantylnej	infantylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infantylnej	infantylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infantylnemu	infantylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylni	infantylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infantylno	infantylny	adja		
infantylnych	infantylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infantylnych	infantylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylnych	infantylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylny	infantylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infantylny	infantylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infantylnymi	infantylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylnym	infantylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infantylnym	infantylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infantylnym	infantylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infekcjach	infekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcja	infekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcjami	infekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcją	infekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcje	infekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcję	infekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcji	infekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
infekcji	infekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcji	infekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcjo	infekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcjom	infekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
infekcyj	infekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
infekcyjnościach	infekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjnościami	infekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjnością	infekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjności	infekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjności	infekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjności	infekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjności	infekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjności	infekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjnościom	infekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjność	infekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjność	infekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infekcyjna	infekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infekcyjną	infekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infekcyjną	infekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infekcyjnego	infekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infekcyjnego	infekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infekcyjne	infekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjne	infekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjne	infekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infekcyjne	infekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infekcyjnej	infekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infekcyjnej	infekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infekcyjnej	infekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infekcyjnemu	infekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infekcyjni	infekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infekcyjno	infekcyjny	adja		
infekcyjnych	infekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infekcyjnych	infekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjnych	infekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjny	infekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infekcyjny	infekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infekcyjnymi	infekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjnym	infekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infekcyjnym	infekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infekcyjnym	infekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infekować	infekować	inf:imperf		
infekowaliby	infekować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infekowalibyście	infekować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infekowalibyśmy	infekować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infekowali	infekować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
infekowali	infekować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infekowaliście	infekować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infekowaliśmy	infekować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infekowałaby	infekować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infekowałabym	infekować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infekowałabyś	infekować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infekowała	infekować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
infekowała	infekować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infekowałam	infekować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infekowałaś	infekować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infekowałby	infekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infekowałbym	infekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infekowałbyś	infekować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infekowałem	infekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infekowałeś	infekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infekował	infekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
infekował	infekować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infekowałoby	infekować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infekowałobym	infekować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infekowałobyś	infekować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infekowało	infekować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
infekowało	infekować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infekowałom	infekować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infekowałoś	infekować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infekowałyby	infekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infekowałybyście	infekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infekowałybyśmy	infekować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infekowały	infekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
infekowały	infekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infekowałyście	infekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infekowałyśmy	infekować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infekowana	infekować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infekowaną	infekować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infekowanego	infekować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infekowanego	infekować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekowane	infekować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekowane	infekować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infekowanej	infekować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infekowanemu	infekować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekowaniach	infekować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infekowania	infekować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infekowania	infekować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infekowaniami	infekować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infekowanie	infekować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infekowaniem	infekować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infekowani	infekować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infekowaniom	infekować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infekowaniu	infekować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infekowano	infekować	imps:imperf		
infekowanych	infekować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infekowanych	infekować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekowany	infekować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infekowany	infekować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infekowanymi	infekować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekowanym	infekować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekowanym	infekować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekowań	infekować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infekująca	infekować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infekującą	infekować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infekującego	infekować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infekującego	infekować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekujące	infekować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekujące	infekować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infekującej	infekować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infekującemu	infekować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekując	infekować	pcon:imperf		
infekująco	infekować	pacta		
infekujących	infekować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infekujących	infekować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekujący	infekować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infekujący	infekować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infekujący	infekować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infekującymi	infekować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekującym	infekować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infekującym	infekować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infekują	infekować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
infekujcie	infekować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
infekujecie	infekować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
infekuje	infekować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
infekujemy	infekować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
infekujesz	infekować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
infekuję	infekować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
infekuj	infekować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
infekujmy	infekować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inferencjach	inferencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencja	inferencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencjami	inferencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencją	inferencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencje	inferencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencję	inferencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencji	inferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inferencji	inferencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencji	inferencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencjo	inferencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencjom	inferencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyj	inferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inferencyjnie	inferencyjnie	adv:pos		
inferencyjnościach	inferencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjnościami	inferencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjnością	inferencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjności	inferencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjności	inferencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjności	inferencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjności	inferencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjności	inferencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjnościom	inferencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjność	inferencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjność	inferencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inferencyjna	inferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inferencyjną	inferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inferencyjną	inferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inferencyjnego	inferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inferencyjnego	inferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inferencyjne	inferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjne	inferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjne	inferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inferencyjne	inferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inferencyjnej	inferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inferencyjnej	inferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inferencyjnej	inferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inferencyjnemu	inferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inferencyjni	inferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inferencyjno	inferencyjny	adja		
inferencyjnych	inferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inferencyjnych	inferencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjnych	inferencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjny	inferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inferencyjny	inferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inferencyjnymi	inferencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjnym	inferencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inferencyjnym	inferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inferencyjnym	inferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infernalnościach	infernalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalnościami	infernalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalnością	infernalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalności	infernalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalności	infernalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalności	infernalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalności	infernalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalności	infernalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalnościom	infernalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalność	infernalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalność	infernalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infernalna	infernalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infernalną	infernalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infernalną	infernalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infernalnego	infernalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infernalnego	infernalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infernalne	infernalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalne	infernalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalne	infernalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infernalne	infernalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infernalnej	infernalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infernalnej	infernalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infernalnej	infernalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infernalnemu	infernalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infernalni	infernalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infernalno	infernalny	adja		
infernalnych	infernalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infernalnych	infernalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalnych	infernalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalny	infernalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infernalny	infernalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infernalnymi	infernalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalnym	infernalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infernalnym	infernalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infernalnym	infernalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infestować	infestować	inf:imperf		daw.
infestowaliby	infestować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowalibyście	infestować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowalibyśmy	infestować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowali	infestować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
infestowali	infestować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowaliście	infestować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowaliśmy	infestować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałaby	infestować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałabym	infestować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałabyś	infestować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowała	infestować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
infestowała	infestować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałam	infestować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałaś	infestować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowałby	infestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałbym	infestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałbyś	infestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowałem	infestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałeś	infestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
infestował	infestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
infestował	infestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałoby	infestować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałobym	infestować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałobyś	infestować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowało	infestować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
infestowało	infestować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałom	infestować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowałoś	infestować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowałyby	infestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałybyście	infestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowałybyśmy	infestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowały	infestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
infestowały	infestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
infestowałyście	infestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
infestowałyśmy	infestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
infestowana	infestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infestowaną	infestować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infestowanego	infestować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infestowanego	infestować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestowane	infestować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestowane	infestować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infestowanej	infestować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infestowanemu	infestować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestowaniach	infestować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infestowania	infestować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infestowania	infestować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infestowaniami	infestować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infestowanie	infestować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infestowaniem	infestować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infestowani	infestować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infestowaniom	infestować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infestowaniu	infestować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infestowano	infestować	imps:imperf		daw.
infestowanych	infestować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infestowanych	infestować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestowany	infestować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infestowany	infestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infestowanymi	infestować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestowanym	infestować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestowanym	infestować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestowań	infestować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infestująca	infestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infestującą	infestować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infestującego	infestować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infestującego	infestować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestujące	infestować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestujące	infestować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infestującej	infestować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infestującemu	infestować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestując	infestować	pcon:imperf		daw.
infestująco	infestować	pacta		
infestujących	infestować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infestujących	infestować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestujący	infestować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infestujący	infestować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infestujący	infestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infestującymi	infestować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestującym	infestować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infestującym	infestować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infestują	infestować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
infestujcie	infestować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
infestujecie	infestować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
infestuje	infestować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
infestujemy	infestować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
infestujesz	infestować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
infestuję	infestować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
infestuj	infestować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
infestujmy	infestować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
infeudacjach	infeudacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacja	infeudacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacjami	infeudacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacją	infeudacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacje	infeudacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudację	infeudacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacji	infeudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infeudacji	infeudacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacji	infeudacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacjo	infeudacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacjom	infeudacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infeudacyj	infeudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infiksach	infiks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksami	infiks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksem	infiks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksie	infiks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksie	infiks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiks	infiks	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksom	infiks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksowi	infiks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksów	infiks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksu	infiks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiksy	infiks	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracjach	infiltracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracja	infiltracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracjami	infiltracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracją	infiltracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracje	infiltracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltrację	infiltracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracji	infiltracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infiltracji	infiltracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracji	infiltracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracjo	infiltracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracjom	infiltracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infiltracyj	infiltracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infiltrować	infiltrować	inf:imperf		
infiltrowaliby	infiltrować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infiltrowalibyście	infiltrować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infiltrowalibyśmy	infiltrować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infiltrowali	infiltrować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
infiltrowali	infiltrować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
infiltrowaliście	infiltrować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
infiltrowaliśmy	infiltrować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałaby	infiltrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałabym	infiltrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałabyś	infiltrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infiltrowała	infiltrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
infiltrowała	infiltrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałam	infiltrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałaś	infiltrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
infiltrowałby	infiltrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałbym	infiltrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałbyś	infiltrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infiltrowałem	infiltrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałeś	infiltrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
infiltrował	infiltrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
infiltrował	infiltrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałoby	infiltrować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałobym	infiltrować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałobyś	infiltrować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infiltrowało	infiltrować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
infiltrowało	infiltrować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałom	infiltrować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
infiltrowałoś	infiltrować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
infiltrowałyby	infiltrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałybyście	infiltrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infiltrowałybyśmy	infiltrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infiltrowały	infiltrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
infiltrowały	infiltrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
infiltrowałyście	infiltrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
infiltrowałyśmy	infiltrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
infiltrowana	infiltrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaną	infiltrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanego	infiltrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanego	infiltrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowane	infiltrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowane	infiltrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanej	infiltrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanemu	infiltrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaniach	infiltrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowania	infiltrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowania	infiltrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaniami	infiltrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanie	infiltrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaniem	infiltrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowani	infiltrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaniom	infiltrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowaniu	infiltrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowano	infiltrować	imps:imperf		
infiltrowanych	infiltrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanych	infiltrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowany	infiltrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infiltrowany	infiltrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanymi	infiltrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanym	infiltrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowanym	infiltrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrowań	infiltrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrująca	infiltrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrującą	infiltrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrującego	infiltrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
infiltrującego	infiltrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrujące	infiltrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrujące	infiltrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
infiltrującej	infiltrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
infiltrującemu	infiltrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrując	infiltrować	pcon:imperf		
infiltrująco	infiltrować	pacta		
infiltrujących	infiltrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
infiltrujących	infiltrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrujący	infiltrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
infiltrujący	infiltrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
infiltrujący	infiltrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
infiltrującymi	infiltrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrującym	infiltrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrującym	infiltrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
infiltrują	infiltrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
infiltrujcie	infiltrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
infiltrujecie	infiltrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
infiltruje	infiltrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
infiltrujemy	infiltrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
infiltrujesz	infiltrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
infiltruję	infiltrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
infiltruj	infiltrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
infiltrujmy	infiltrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
infimach	infima	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infima	infima	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimami	infima	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimą	infima	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimę	infima	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimie	infima	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infim	infima	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimo	infima	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimom	infima	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimy	infima	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimy	infima	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistach	infimista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimista	infimista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistami	infimista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistą	infimista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistę	infimista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimisto	infimista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistom	infimista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimistów	infimista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimisty	infimista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimisty	infimista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimiście	infimista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimiści	infimista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusach	infimus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusa	infimus	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusami	infimus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusem	infimus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusie	infimus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusie	infimus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusi	infimus	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimus	infimus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusom	infimus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusowi	infimus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusów	infimus	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infimusy	infimus	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infinitivach	infinitivus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivami	infinitivus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivem	infinitivus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivie	infinitivus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivie	infinitivus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivom	infinitivus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivowi	infinitivus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivów	infinitivus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivu	infinitivus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivus	infinitivus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitivy	infinitivus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwach	infinitiwus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwami	infinitiwus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwem	infinitiwus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwie	infinitiwus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwie	infinitiwus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwom	infinitiwus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwowi	infinitiwus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwów	infinitiwus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwu	infinitiwus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwus	infinitiwus	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infinitiwy	infinitiwus	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infirmariach	infirmaria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmaria	infirmaria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmariami	infirmaria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarią	infirmaria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarie	infirmaria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarię	infirmaria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarii	infirmaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
infirmarii	infirmaria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarii	infirmaria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmario	infirmaria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmariom	infirmaria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmaryj	infirmaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
infirmariach	infirmarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmaria	infirmarium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmariami	infirmarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmariom	infirmarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmariów	infirmarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarium	infirmarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarium	infirmarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarium	infirmarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarium	infirmarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmarium	infirmarium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerach	infirmer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmera	infirmer	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerami	infirmer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerem	infirmer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmer	infirmer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerom	infirmer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerowi	infirmer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerów	infirmer	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmery	infirmer	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerze	infirmer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerze	infirmer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmerzy	infirmer	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infirmeriach	infirmeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmeria	infirmeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmeriami	infirmeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerią	infirmeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerie	infirmeria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerię	infirmeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerii	infirmeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
infirmerii	infirmeria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerii	infirmeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerio	infirmeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmeriom	infirmeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmeryj	infirmeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
infirmerce	infirmerka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerek	infirmerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerkach	infirmerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerka	infirmerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerkami	infirmerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerką	infirmerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerkę	infirmerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerki	infirmerka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerki	infirmerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerko	infirmerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmerkom	infirmerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierce	infirmierka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierek	infirmierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierkach	infirmierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierka	infirmierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierkami	infirmierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierką	infirmierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierkę	infirmierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierki	infirmierka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierki	infirmierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierko	infirmierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
infirmierkom	infirmierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inflacjach	inflacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacja	inflacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjami	inflacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacją	inflacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacje	inflacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflację	inflacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacji	inflacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inflacji	inflacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacji	inflacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjo	inflacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjom	inflacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyj	inflacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inflacjogennie	inflacjogennie	adv:pos		
inflacjogennościach	inflacjogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogennościami	inflacjogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogennością	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenności	inflacjogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenności	inflacjogenność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenności	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenności	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenności	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogennościom	inflacjogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenność	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenność	inflacjogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacjogenna	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inflacjogenną	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inflacjogenną	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inflacjogennego	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inflacjogennego	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacjogenne	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogenne	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogenne	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inflacjogenne	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inflacjogennej	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inflacjogennej	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inflacjogennej	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inflacjogennemu	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacjogenni	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inflacjogenno	inflacjogenny	adja		
inflacjogennych	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inflacjogennych	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogennych	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogenny	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inflacjogenny	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inflacjogennymi	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogennym	inflacjogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacjogennym	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacjogennym	inflacjogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacyjnościach	inflacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjnościami	inflacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjnością	inflacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjności	inflacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjności	inflacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjności	inflacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjności	inflacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjności	inflacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjnościom	inflacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjność	inflacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjność	inflacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflacyjna	inflacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inflacyjną	inflacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inflacyjną	inflacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inflacyjnego	inflacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inflacyjnego	inflacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacyjne	inflacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjne	inflacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjne	inflacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inflacyjne	inflacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inflacyjnej	inflacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inflacyjnej	inflacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inflacyjnej	inflacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inflacyjnemu	inflacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacyjni	inflacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inflacyjno	inflacyjny	adja		
inflacyjnych	inflacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inflacyjnych	inflacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjnych	inflacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjny	inflacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inflacyjny	inflacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inflacyjnymi	inflacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjnym	inflacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflacyjnym	inflacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflacyjnym	inflacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflanccy	inflancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inflancka	inflancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inflancką	inflancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inflancką	inflancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inflanckich	inflancki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inflanckich	inflancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckich	inflancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckiego	inflancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inflanckiego	inflancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflanckie	inflancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckie	inflancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckie	inflancki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inflanckie	inflancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inflanckiej	inflancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inflanckiej	inflancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inflanckiej	inflancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inflanckiemu	inflancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflancki	inflancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inflancki	inflancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inflanckimi	inflancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckim	inflancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inflanckim	inflancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflanckim	inflancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inflancko	inflancki	adja		
inflancku	inflancki	adjp		
inflancko	inflancko	adv:pos		
inflanckościach	inflanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckościami	inflanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckością	inflanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckości	inflanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckości	inflanckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckości	inflanckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckości	inflanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckości	inflanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckościom	inflanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckość	inflanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inflanckość	inflanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencach	influenca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenca	influenca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influencami	influenca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influencą	influenca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influence	influenca	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influencę	influenca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenc	influenca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenco	influenca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influencom	influenca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influency	influenca	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influency	influenca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influencjach	influencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencja	influencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencjami	influencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencją	influencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencje	influencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencję	influencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencji	influencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
influencji	influencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencji	influencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencjo	influencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencjom	influencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyj	influencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
influencyjnościach	influencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjnościami	influencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjnością	influencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjności	influencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjności	influencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjności	influencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjności	influencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjności	influencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjnościom	influencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjność	influencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjność	influencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
influencyjna	influencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
influencyjną	influencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
influencyjną	influencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
influencyjnego	influencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
influencyjnego	influencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
influencyjne	influencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjne	influencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjne	influencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
influencyjne	influencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
influencyjnej	influencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
influencyjnej	influencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
influencyjnej	influencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
influencyjnemu	influencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
influencyjni	influencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
influencyjno	influencyjny	adja		
influencyjnych	influencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
influencyjnych	influencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjnych	influencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjny	influencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
influencyjny	influencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
influencyjnymi	influencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjnym	influencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
influencyjnym	influencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
influencyjnym	influencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
influenzach	influenza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenza	influenza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzami	influenza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzą	influenza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzę	influenza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzie	influenza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenz	influenza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzo	influenza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzom	influenza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzy	influenza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
influenzy	influenza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
info	info	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	pot.
infografice	infografika	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografikach	infografika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografika	infografika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografikami	infografika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografiką	infografika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografikę	infografika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografiki	infografika	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografiki	infografika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografik	infografika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografiko	infografika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infografikom	infografika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infoliniach	infolinia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinia	infolinia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infoliniami	infolinia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinią	infolinia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinie	infolinia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinię	infolinia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinii	infolinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infolinii	infolinia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinii	infolinia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infolinij	infolinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infolinio	infolinia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infoliniom	infolinia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacjach	informacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacja	informacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacjami	informacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacją	informacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacje	informacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informację	informacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacji	informacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
informacji	informacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacji	informacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacjo	informacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacjom	informacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyj	informacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
informacyjnie	informacyjnie	adv:pos		
informacyjnościach	informacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjnościami	informacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjnością	informacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjności	informacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjności	informacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjności	informacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjności	informacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjności	informacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjnościom	informacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjność	informacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjność	informacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informacyjna	informacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
informacyjną	informacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
informacyjną	informacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
informacyjnego	informacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
informacyjnego	informacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informacyjne	informacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjne	informacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjne	informacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
informacyjne	informacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
informacyjnej	informacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
informacyjnej	informacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
informacyjnej	informacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
informacyjnemu	informacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informacyjni	informacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
informacyjno	informacyjny	adja		
informacyjnych	informacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
informacyjnych	informacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjnych	informacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjny	informacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
informacyjny	informacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
informacyjnymi	informacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjnym	informacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informacyjnym	informacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informacyjnym	informacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatoriach	informatorium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatoria	informatorium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatoriami	informatorium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatoriom	informatorium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatoriów	informatorium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorium	informatorium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorium	informatorium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorium	informatorium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorium	informatorium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorium	informatorium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	biblt.
informatorce	informatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorek	informatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorkach	informatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorka	informatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorkami	informatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorką	informatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorkę	informatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorki	informatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorki	informatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorko	informatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorkom	informatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorach	informator:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatora	informator:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorami	informator:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorem	informator:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informator	informator:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorom	informator:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorowi	informator:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorów	informator:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatory	informator:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorze	informator:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorze	informator:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informatorach	informator:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatora	informator:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorami	informator:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorem	informator:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informator	informator:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorom	informator:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorowie	informator:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorowi	informator:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorów	informator:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatory	informator:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
informatorze	informator:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorze	informator:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorzy	informator:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatorscy	informatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
informatorska	informatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
informatorską	informatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
informatorską	informatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
informatorskich	informatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
informatorskich	informatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskich	informatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskiego	informatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
informatorskiego	informatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatorskie	informatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskie	informatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskie	informatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
informatorskie	informatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
informatorskiej	informatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
informatorskiej	informatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
informatorskiej	informatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
informatorskiemu	informatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatorski	informatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
informatorski	informatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
informatorskimi	informatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskim	informatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatorskim	informatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatorskim	informatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatorsko	informatorski	adja		
informatorsku	informatorski	adjp		
informatorsko	informatorsko	adv:pos		
informatorskościach	informatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskościami	informatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskością	informatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskości	informatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskości	informatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskości	informatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskości	informatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskości	informatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskościom	informatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskość	informatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatorskość	informatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczce	informatyczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczek	informatyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczkach	informatyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczka	informatyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczkami	informatyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczką	informatyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczkę	informatyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczki	informatyczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczki	informatyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczko	informatyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczkom	informatyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatycznie	informatycznie	adv:pos		
informatycznościach	informatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatycznościami	informatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatycznością	informatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczności	informatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczności	informatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczności	informatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczności	informatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczności	informatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatycznościom	informatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczność	informatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczność	informatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyczna	informatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
informatyczną	informatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
informatyczną	informatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
informatycznego	informatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
informatycznego	informatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatyczne	informatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatyczne	informatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatyczne	informatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
informatyczne	informatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
informatycznej	informatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
informatycznej	informatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
informatycznej	informatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
informatycznemu	informatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatyczni	informatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
informatyczno	informatyczny	adja		
informatycznych	informatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
informatycznych	informatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatycznych	informatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatyczny	informatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
informatyczny	informatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
informatycznymi	informatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatycznym	informatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatycznym	informatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatycznym	informatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatycy	informatyk	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatykach	informatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyka	informatyk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatykami	informatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatykiem	informatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyki	informatyk	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
informatyk	informatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatykom	informatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatykowi	informatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyków	informatyk	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyku	informatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyku	informatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
informatyce	informatyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatykach	informatyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyka	informatyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatykami	informatyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyką	informatyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatykę	informatyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyki	informatyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyki	informatyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyk	informatyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyko	informatyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatykom	informatyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywnościach	informatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywnościami	informatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywnością	informatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywności	informatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywności	informatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywności	informatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywności	informatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywności	informatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywnościom	informatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywność	informatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywność	informatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatywna	informatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
informatywną	informatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
informatywną	informatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
informatywnego	informatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
informatywnego	informatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatywne	informatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywne	informatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywne	informatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
informatywne	informatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
informatywnej	informatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
informatywnej	informatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
informatywnej	informatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
informatywnemu	informatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatywni	informatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
informatywno	informatywny	adja		
informatywnych	informatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
informatywnych	informatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywnych	informatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywny	informatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
informatywny	informatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
informatywnymi	informatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywnym	informatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
informatywnym	informatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatywnym	informatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
informatyzacjach	informatyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacja	informatyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacjami	informatyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacją	informatyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacje	informatyzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzację	informatyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacji	informatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
informatyzacji	informatyzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacji	informatyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacjo	informatyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacjom	informatyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
informatyzacyj	informatyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
informatyzować	informatyzować	inf:imperf		
informatyzowaliby	informatyzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
informatyzowalibyście	informatyzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
informatyzowalibyśmy	informatyzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
informatyzowali	informatyzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
informatyzowali	informatyzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
informatyzowaliście	informatyzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
informatyzowaliśmy	informatyzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałaby	informatyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałabym	informatyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałabyś	informatyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
informatyzowała	informatyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
informatyzowała	informatyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałam	informatyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałaś	informatyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
informatyzowałby	informatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałbym	informatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałbyś	informatyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
informatyzowałem	informatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałeś	informatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
informatyzował	informatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
informatyzował	informatyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałoby	informatyzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałobym	informatyzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałobyś	informatyzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
informatyzowało	informatyzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
informatyzowało	informatyzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałom	informatyzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
informatyzowałoś	informatyzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
informatyzowałyby	informatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałybyście	informatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
informatyzowałybyśmy	informatyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
informatyzowały	informatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
informatyzowały	informatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
informatyzowałyście	informatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
informatyzowałyśmy	informatyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
informatyzowana	informatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaną	informatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanego	informatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanego	informatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowane	informatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowane	informatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanej	informatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanemu	informatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaniach	informatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowania	informatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowania	informatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaniami	informatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanie	informatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaniem	informatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowani	informatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaniom	informatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowaniu	informatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowano	informatyzować	imps:imperf		
informatyzowanych	informatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanych	informatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowany	informatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
informatyzowany	informatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanymi	informatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanym	informatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowanym	informatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzowań	informatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzująca	informatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzującą	informatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzującego	informatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
informatyzującego	informatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzujące	informatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzujące	informatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
informatyzującej	informatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
informatyzującemu	informatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzując	informatyzować	pcon:imperf		
informatyzująco	informatyzować	pacta		
informatyzujących	informatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
informatyzujących	informatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzujący	informatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
informatyzujący	informatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
informatyzujący	informatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
informatyzującymi	informatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzującym	informatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzującym	informatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informatyzują	informatyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
informatyzujcie	informatyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
informatyzujecie	informatyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
informatyzuje	informatyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
informatyzujemy	informatyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
informatyzujesz	informatyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
informatyzuję	informatyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
informatyzuj	informatyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
informatyzujmy	informatyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
informelach	informel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelami	informel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informele	informel	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelem	informel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informeli	informel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informel	informel	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelom	informel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelowi	informel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelów	informel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelu	informel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelu	informel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informelu	informel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
informować	informować	inf:imperf		
informowaliby	informować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
informowalibyście	informować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
informowalibyśmy	informować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
informowali	informować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
informowali	informować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
informowaliście	informować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
informowaliśmy	informować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
informowałaby	informować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
informowałabym	informować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
informowałabyś	informować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
informowała	informować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
informowała	informować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
informowałam	informować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
informowałaś	informować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
informowałby	informować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
informowałbym	informować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
informowałbyś	informować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
informowałem	informować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
informowałeś	informować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
informował	informować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
informował	informować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
informowałoby	informować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
informowałobym	informować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
informowałobyś	informować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
informowało	informować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
informowało	informować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
informowałom	informować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
informowałoś	informować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
informowałyby	informować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
informowałybyście	informować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
informowałybyśmy	informować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
informowały	informować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
informowały	informować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
informowałyście	informować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
informowałyśmy	informować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
informowana	informować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
informowaną	informować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
informowanego	informować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
informowanego	informować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informowane	informować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informowane	informować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
informowanej	informować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
informowanemu	informować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informowaniach	informować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
informowania	informować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
informowania	informować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
informowaniami	informować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
informowanie	informować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
informowaniem	informować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
informowani	informować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
informowaniom	informować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
informowaniu	informować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
informowano	informować	imps:imperf		
informowanych	informować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
informowanych	informować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informowany	informować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
informowany	informować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
informowanymi	informować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informowanym	informować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informowanym	informować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informowań	informować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
informująca	informować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
informującą	informować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
informującego	informować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
informującego	informować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informujące	informować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informujące	informować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
informującej	informować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
informującemu	informować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informując	informować	pcon:imperf		
informująco	informować	pacta		
informujących	informować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
informujących	informować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informujący	informować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
informujący	informować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
informujący	informować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
informującymi	informować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informującym	informować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
informującym	informować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
informują	informować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
informujcie	informować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
informujecie	informować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
informuje	informować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
informujemy	informować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
informujesz	informować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
informuję	informować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
informuj	informować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
informujmy	informować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
infostradach	infostrada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostrada	infostrada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostradami	infostrada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostradą	infostrada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostradę	infostrada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostrad	infostrada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostrado	infostrada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostradom	infostrada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostrady	infostrada	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostrady	infostrada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infostradzie	infostrada	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieniach	infraczerwień	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieniami	infraczerwień	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwienią	infraczerwień	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwienie	infraczerwień	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieni	infraczerwień	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieni	infraczerwień	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieni	infraczerwień	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieni	infraczerwień	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwieniom	infraczerwień	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwień	infraczerwień	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwień	infraczerwień	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwonościach	infraczerwoność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwonościami	infraczerwoność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwonością	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoności	infraczerwoność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoności	infraczerwoność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoności	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoności	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoności	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwonościom	infraczerwoność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoność	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwoność	infraczerwoność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infraczerwona	infraczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infraczerwoną	infraczerwony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infraczerwoną	infraczerwony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infraczerwonego	infraczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infraczerwonego	infraczerwony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infraczerwone	infraczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwone	infraczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwone	infraczerwony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infraczerwone	infraczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infraczerwonej	infraczerwony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infraczerwonej	infraczerwony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infraczerwonej	infraczerwony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infraczerwonemu	infraczerwony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infraczerwoni	infraczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infraczerwono	infraczerwony	adja		
infraczerwonych	infraczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infraczerwonych	infraczerwony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwonych	infraczerwony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwony	infraczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infraczerwony	infraczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infraczerwonymi	infraczerwony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwonym	infraczerwony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infraczerwonym	infraczerwony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infraczerwonym	infraczerwony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infradźwiękach	infradźwięk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękami	infradźwięk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękiem	infradźwięk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięki	infradźwięk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięk	infradźwięk	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękom	infradźwięk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowi	infradźwięk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięków	infradźwięk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięku	infradźwięk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięku	infradźwięk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwięku	infradźwięk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowościach	infradźwiękowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowościami	infradźwiękowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowością	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowości	infradźwiękowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowości	infradźwiękowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowości	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowości	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowości	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowościom	infradźwiękowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowość	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowość	infradźwiękowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infradźwiękowa	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infradźwiękową	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infradźwiękową	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infradźwiękowego	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infradźwiękowego	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infradźwiękowe	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowe	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowe	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infradźwiękowe	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infradźwiękowej	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infradźwiękowej	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infradźwiękowej	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infradźwiękowemu	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infradźwiękowi	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infradźwiękowo	infradźwiękowy	adja		
infradźwiękowych	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infradźwiękowych	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowych	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowy	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infradźwiękowy	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infradźwiękowymi	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowym	infradźwiękowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infradźwiękowym	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infradźwiękowym	infradźwiękowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infrakcjach	infrakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcja	infrakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcjami	infrakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcją	infrakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcje	infrakcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcję	infrakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcji	infrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
infrakcji	infrakcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcji	infrakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcjo	infrakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcjom	infrakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infrakcyj	infrakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
infrastrukturach	infrastruktura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastruktura	infrastruktura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturami	infrastruktura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturą	infrastruktura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturę	infrastruktura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastruktur	infrastruktura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturo	infrastruktura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturom	infrastruktura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastruktury	infrastruktura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastruktury	infrastruktura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturze	infrastruktura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalnie	infrastrukturalnie	adv:pos		
infrastrukturalnościach	infrastrukturalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalnościami	infrastrukturalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalnością	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalności	infrastrukturalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalności	infrastrukturalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalności	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalności	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalności	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalnościom	infrastrukturalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalność	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalność	infrastrukturalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infrastrukturalna	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infrastrukturalną	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infrastrukturalną	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infrastrukturalnego	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infrastrukturalnego	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infrastrukturalne	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalne	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalne	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infrastrukturalne	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infrastrukturalnej	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infrastrukturalnej	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infrastrukturalnej	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infrastrukturalnemu	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infrastrukturalni	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infrastrukturalno	infrastrukturalny	adja		
infrastrukturalnych	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infrastrukturalnych	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalnych	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalny	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infrastrukturalny	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infrastrukturalnymi	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalnym	infrastrukturalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infrastrukturalnym	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infrastrukturalnym	infrastrukturalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infule	infuła	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułach	infuła	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuła	infuła	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułami	infuła	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułą	infuła	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułę	infuła	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuł	infuła	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuło	infuła	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułom	infuła	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuły	infuła	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuły	infuła	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułacjach	infułacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacja	infułacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacjami	infułacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacją	infułacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacje	infułacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułację	infułacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacji	infułacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
infułacji	infułacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacji	infułacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacjo	infułacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacjom	infułacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
infułacyj	infułacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
infułaccy	infułacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infułacka	infułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infułacką	infułacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infułacką	infułacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infułackich	infułacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infułackich	infułacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackich	infułacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackiego	infułacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infułackiego	infułacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infułackie	infułacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackie	infułacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackie	infułacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infułackie	infułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infułackiej	infułacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infułackiej	infułacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infułackiej	infułacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infułackiemu	infułacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infułacki	infułacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infułacki	infułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infułackimi	infułacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackim	infułacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infułackim	infułacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infułackim	infułacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infułacko	infułacki	adja		
infułacku	infułacki	adjp		
infułacko	infułacko	adv:pos		
infułackościach	infułackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackościami	infułackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackością	infułackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackości	infułackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackości	infułackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackości	infułackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackości	infułackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackości	infułackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackościom	infułackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackość	infułackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułackość	infułackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infułacie	infułat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułacie	infułat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułaci	infułat	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatach	infułat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułata	infułat	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatami	infułat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatem	infułat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułat	infułat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatom	infułat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatowi	infułat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułatów	infułat	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
infułaty	infułat	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
infuzjach	infuzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzja	infuzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzjami	infuzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzją	infuzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzje	infuzja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzję	infuzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzji	infuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
infuzji	infuzja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzji	infuzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzjo	infuzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzjom	infuzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyj	infuzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
infuzorce	infuzorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorek	infuzorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorkach	infuzorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorka	infuzorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorkami	infuzorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorką	infuzorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorkę	infuzorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorki	infuzorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorki	infuzorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorko	infuzorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzorkom	infuzorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjnościach	infuzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjnościami	infuzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjnością	infuzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjności	infuzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjności	infuzyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjności	infuzyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjności	infuzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjności	infuzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjnościom	infuzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjność	infuzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjność	infuzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
infuzyjna	infuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
infuzyjną	infuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
infuzyjną	infuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
infuzyjnego	infuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
infuzyjnego	infuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infuzyjne	infuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjne	infuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjne	infuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
infuzyjne	infuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
infuzyjnej	infuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
infuzyjnej	infuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
infuzyjnej	infuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
infuzyjnemu	infuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infuzyjni	infuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
infuzyjno	infuzyjny	adja		
infuzyjnych	infuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
infuzyjnych	infuzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjnych	infuzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjny	infuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
infuzyjny	infuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
infuzyjnymi	infuzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjnym	infuzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
infuzyjnym	infuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
infuzyjnym	infuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingerencjach	ingerencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencja	ingerencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencjami	ingerencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencją	ingerencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencje	ingerencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencję	ingerencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencji	ingerencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ingerencji	ingerencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencji	ingerencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencjo	ingerencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencjom	ingerencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencyj	ingerencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ingerencie	ingerent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerencie	ingerent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerenci	ingerent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentach	ingerent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerenta	ingerent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentami	ingerent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentem	ingerent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerent	ingerent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentom	ingerent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentowi	ingerent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerentów	ingerent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ingerenty	ingerent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ingerować	ingerować	inf:imperf		
ingerowaliby	ingerować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ingerowalibyście	ingerować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ingerowalibyśmy	ingerować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ingerowali	ingerować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ingerowali	ingerować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ingerowaliście	ingerować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ingerowaliśmy	ingerować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ingerowałaby	ingerować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ingerowałabym	ingerować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ingerowałabyś	ingerować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ingerowała	ingerować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ingerowała	ingerować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ingerowałam	ingerować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ingerowałaś	ingerować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ingerowałby	ingerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ingerowałbym	ingerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ingerowałbyś	ingerować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ingerowałem	ingerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ingerowałeś	ingerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ingerował	ingerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ingerował	ingerować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ingerowałoby	ingerować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ingerowałobym	ingerować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ingerowałobyś	ingerować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ingerowało	ingerować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ingerowało	ingerować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ingerowałom	ingerować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ingerowałoś	ingerować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ingerowałyby	ingerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ingerowałybyście	ingerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ingerowałybyśmy	ingerować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ingerowały	ingerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ingerowały	ingerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ingerowałyście	ingerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ingerowałyśmy	ingerować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ingerowaniach	ingerować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowania	ingerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowania	ingerować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowaniami	ingerować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowanie	ingerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowaniem	ingerować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowaniom	ingerować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowaniu	ingerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingerowano	ingerować	imps:imperf		
ingerowań	ingerować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingerująca	ingerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ingerującą	ingerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ingerującego	ingerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ingerującego	ingerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingerujące	ingerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingerujące	ingerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ingerującej	ingerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ingerującemu	ingerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingerując	ingerować	pcon:imperf		
ingerująco	ingerować	pacta		
ingerujących	ingerować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingerujących	ingerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingerujący	ingerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingerujący	ingerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ingerujący	ingerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ingerującymi	ingerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingerującym	ingerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingerującym	ingerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingerują	ingerować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ingerujcie	ingerować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ingerujecie	ingerować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ingeruje	ingerować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ingerujemy	ingerować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ingerujesz	ingerować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ingeruję	ingerować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ingeruj	ingerować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ingerujmy	ingerować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
ingrediencjach	ingrediencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencja	ingrediencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencjami	ingrediencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencją	ingrediencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencje	ingrediencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencję	ingrediencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencji	ingrediencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|żart.|książk.
ingrediencji	ingrediencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencji	ingrediencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencjo	ingrediencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencjom	ingrediencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żart.|książk.
ingrediencyj	ingrediencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|żart.|książk.
ingrediencie	ingredient	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingrediencie	ingredient	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientach	ingredient	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientami	ingredient	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientem	ingredient	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredient	ingredient	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientom	ingredient	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientowi	ingredient	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientów	ingredient	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredientu	ingredient	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingredienty	ingredient	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresach	ingres	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresami	ingres	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresem	ingres	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresie	ingres	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresie	ingres	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingres	ingres	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresom	ingres	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresowi	ingres	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresów	ingres	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresu	ingres	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresy	ingres	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ingresjach	ingresja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresja	ingresja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresjami	ingresja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresją	ingresja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresje	ingresja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresję	ingresja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresji	ingresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ingresji	ingresja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresji	ingresja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresjo	ingresja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresjom	ingresja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyj	ingresja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ingresować	ingresować	inf:imperf		daw.
ingresowaliby	ingresować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowalibyście	ingresować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowalibyśmy	ingresować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowali	ingresować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
ingresowali	ingresować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowaliście	ingresować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowaliśmy	ingresować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałaby	ingresować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałabym	ingresować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałabyś	ingresować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowała	ingresować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ingresowała	ingresować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałam	ingresować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałaś	ingresować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowałby	ingresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałbym	ingresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałbyś	ingresować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowałem	ingresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałeś	ingresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresował	ingresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ingresował	ingresować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałoby	ingresować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałobym	ingresować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałobyś	ingresować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowało	ingresować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
ingresowało	ingresować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałom	ingresować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowałoś	ingresować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowałyby	ingresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałybyście	ingresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowałybyśmy	ingresować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowały	ingresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
ingresowały	ingresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresowałyście	ingresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresowałyśmy	ingresować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresowana	ingresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ingresowaną	ingresować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ingresowanego	ingresować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ingresowanego	ingresować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowane	ingresować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowane	ingresować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowanej	ingresować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ingresowanemu	ingresować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowaniach	ingresować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowania	ingresować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowania	ingresować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowaniami	ingresować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowanie	ingresować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowaniem	ingresować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowani	ingresować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingresowaniom	ingresować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowaniu	ingresować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresowano	ingresować	imps:imperf		daw.
ingresowanych	ingresować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingresowanych	ingresować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowany	ingresować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ingresowany	ingresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ingresowanymi	ingresować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowanym	ingresować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowanym	ingresować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresowań	ingresować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingresująca	ingresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ingresującą	ingresować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ingresującego	ingresować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ingresującego	ingresować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresujące	ingresować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresujące	ingresować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ingresującej	ingresować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ingresującemu	ingresować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresując	ingresować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ingresująco	ingresować	pacta		
ingresujących	ingresować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingresujących	ingresować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresujący	ingresować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingresujący	ingresować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ingresujący	ingresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ingresującymi	ingresować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresującym	ingresować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingresującym	ingresować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingresują	ingresować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresujcie	ingresować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresujecie	ingresować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresuje	ingresować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ingresujemy	ingresować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresujesz	ingresować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresuję	ingresować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresuj	ingresować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ingresujmy	ingresować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ingresyjnościach	ingresyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjnościami	ingresyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjnością	ingresyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjności	ingresyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjności	ingresyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjności	ingresyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjności	ingresyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjności	ingresyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjnościom	ingresyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjność	ingresyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjność	ingresyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresyjna	ingresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ingresyjną	ingresyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ingresyjną	ingresyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ingresyjnego	ingresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ingresyjnego	ingresyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresyjne	ingresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjne	ingresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjne	ingresyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ingresyjne	ingresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ingresyjnej	ingresyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ingresyjnej	ingresyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ingresyjnej	ingresyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ingresyjnemu	ingresyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresyjni	ingresyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ingresyjno	ingresyjny	adja		
ingresyjnych	ingresyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ingresyjnych	ingresyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjnych	ingresyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjny	ingresyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ingresyjny	ingresyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ingresyjnymi	ingresyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjnym	ingresyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresyjnym	ingresyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresyjnym	ingresyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresywnościach	ingresywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywnościami	ingresywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywnością	ingresywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywności	ingresywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywności	ingresywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywności	ingresywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywności	ingresywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywności	ingresywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywnościom	ingresywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywność	ingresywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywność	ingresywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ingresywna	ingresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ingresywną	ingresywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ingresywną	ingresywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ingresywnego	ingresywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ingresywnego	ingresywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresywne	ingresywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywne	ingresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywne	ingresywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ingresywne	ingresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ingresywnej	ingresywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ingresywnej	ingresywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ingresywnej	ingresywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ingresywnemu	ingresywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresywni	ingresywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ingresywno	ingresywny	adja		
ingresywnych	ingresywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ingresywnych	ingresywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywnych	ingresywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywny	ingresywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ingresywny	ingresywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ingresywnymi	ingresywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywnym	ingresywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ingresywnym	ingresywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingresywnym	ingresywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ingrosować	ingrosować	inf:imperf		daw.
ingrosowaliby	ingrosować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowalibyście	ingrosować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowalibyśmy	ingrosować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowali	ingrosować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
ingrosowali	ingrosować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowaliście	ingrosować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowaliśmy	ingrosować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałaby	ingrosować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałabym	ingrosować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałabyś	ingrosować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowała	ingrosować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ingrosowała	ingrosować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałam	ingrosować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałaś	ingrosować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałby	ingrosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałbym	ingrosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałbyś	ingrosować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałem	ingrosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałeś	ingrosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosował	ingrosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ingrosował	ingrosować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałoby	ingrosować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałobym	ingrosować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałobyś	ingrosować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowało	ingrosować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
ingrosowało	ingrosować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałom	ingrosować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałoś	ingrosować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałyby	ingrosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałybyście	ingrosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałybyśmy	ingrosować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowały	ingrosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
ingrosowały	ingrosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałyście	ingrosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosowałyśmy	ingrosować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosowana	ingrosować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaną	ingrosować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanego	ingrosować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanego	ingrosować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowane	ingrosować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowane	ingrosować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanej	ingrosować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanemu	ingrosować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaniach	ingrosować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowania	ingrosować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowania	ingrosować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaniami	ingrosować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanie	ingrosować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaniem	ingrosować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowani	ingrosować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaniom	ingrosować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowaniu	ingrosować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowano	ingrosować	imps:imperf		daw.
ingrosowanych	ingrosować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanych	ingrosować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowany	ingrosować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ingrosowany	ingrosować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanymi	ingrosować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanym	ingrosować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowanym	ingrosować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosowań	ingrosować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosująca	ingrosować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosującą	ingrosować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosującego	ingrosować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ingrosującego	ingrosować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosujące	ingrosować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosujące	ingrosować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ingrosującej	ingrosować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ingrosującemu	ingrosować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosując	ingrosować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ingrosująco	ingrosować	pacta		
ingrosujących	ingrosować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingrosujących	ingrosować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosujący	ingrosować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ingrosujący	ingrosować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ingrosujący	ingrosować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ingrosującymi	ingrosować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosującym	ingrosować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosującym	ingrosować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ingrosują	ingrosować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosujcie	ingrosować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosujecie	ingrosować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosuje	ingrosować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ingrosujemy	ingrosować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosujesz	ingrosować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosuję	ingrosować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ingrosuj	ingrosować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ingrosujmy	ingrosować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inhalacjach	inhalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacja	inhalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacjami	inhalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacją	inhalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacje	inhalacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalację	inhalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacji	inhalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inhalacji	inhalacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacji	inhalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacjo	inhalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacjom	inhalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyj	inhalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inhalacyjnościach	inhalacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjnościami	inhalacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjnością	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjności	inhalacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjności	inhalacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjności	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjności	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjności	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjnościom	inhalacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjność	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjność	inhalacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalacyjna	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inhalacyjną	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inhalacyjną	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inhalacyjnego	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inhalacyjnego	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhalacyjne	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjne	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjne	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inhalacyjne	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inhalacyjnej	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inhalacyjnej	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inhalacyjnej	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inhalacyjnemu	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhalacyjni	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inhalacyjno	inhalacyjny	adja		
inhalacyjnych	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inhalacyjnych	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjnych	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjny	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inhalacyjny	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inhalacyjnymi	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjnym	inhalacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhalacyjnym	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhalacyjnym	inhalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhalatorach	inhalator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatora	inhalator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorami	inhalator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorem	inhalator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalator	inhalator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorom	inhalator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorowi	inhalator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorów	inhalator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatory	inhalator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorze	inhalator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorze	inhalator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorek	inhalatorek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorkach	inhalatorek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorka	inhalatorek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorkami	inhalatorek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorkiem	inhalatorek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorki	inhalatorek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorkom	inhalatorek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorkowi	inhalatorek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorków	inhalatorek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorku	inhalatorek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorku	inhalatorek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatoriach	inhalatorium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatoria	inhalatorium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatoriami	inhalatorium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatoriom	inhalatorium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatoriów	inhalatorium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorium	inhalatorium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorium	inhalatorium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorium	inhalatorium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorium	inhalatorium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorium	inhalatorium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorniach	inhalatornia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatornia	inhalatornia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorniami	inhalatornia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatornią	inhalatornia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatornie	inhalatornia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatornię	inhalatornia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorni	inhalatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inhalatorni	inhalatornia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorni	inhalatornia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatornio	inhalatornia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorniom	inhalatornia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhalatorń	inhalatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
inhalować	inhalować	inf:imperf		
inhalowaliby	inhalować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inhalowalibyście	inhalować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inhalowalibyśmy	inhalować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inhalowali	inhalować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inhalowali	inhalować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inhalowaliście	inhalować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inhalowaliśmy	inhalować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inhalowałaby	inhalować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inhalowałabym	inhalować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inhalowałabyś	inhalować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inhalowała	inhalować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inhalowała	inhalować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inhalowałam	inhalować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inhalowałaś	inhalować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inhalowałby	inhalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inhalowałbym	inhalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inhalowałbyś	inhalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inhalowałem	inhalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inhalowałeś	inhalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inhalował	inhalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inhalował	inhalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inhalowałoby	inhalować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inhalowałobym	inhalować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inhalowałobyś	inhalować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inhalowało	inhalować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inhalowało	inhalować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inhalowałom	inhalować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inhalowałoś	inhalować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inhalowałyby	inhalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inhalowałybyście	inhalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inhalowałybyśmy	inhalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inhalowały	inhalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inhalowały	inhalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inhalowałyście	inhalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inhalowałyśmy	inhalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inhalowaniach	inhalować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowania	inhalować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowania	inhalować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowaniami	inhalować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowanie	inhalować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowaniem	inhalować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowaniom	inhalować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowaniu	inhalować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inhalowano	inhalować	imps:imperf		
inhalowań	inhalować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inhalująca	inhalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inhalującą	inhalować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inhalującego	inhalować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inhalującego	inhalować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inhalujące	inhalować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inhalujące	inhalować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inhalującej	inhalować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inhalującemu	inhalować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inhalując	inhalować	pcon:imperf		
inhalująco	inhalować	pacta		
inhalujących	inhalować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inhalujących	inhalować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inhalujący	inhalować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inhalujący	inhalować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inhalujący	inhalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inhalującymi	inhalować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inhalującym	inhalować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inhalującym	inhalować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inhalują	inhalować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inhalujcie	inhalować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inhalujecie	inhalować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inhaluje	inhalować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inhalujemy	inhalować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inhalujesz	inhalować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inhaluję	inhalować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inhaluj	inhalować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inhalujmy	inhalować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inherencjach	inherencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencja	inherencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencjami	inherencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencją	inherencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencje	inherencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencję	inherencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencji	inherencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inherencji	inherencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencji	inherencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencjo	inherencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencjom	inherencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherencyj	inherencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inherentnościach	inherentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentnościami	inherentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentnością	inherentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentności	inherentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentności	inherentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentności	inherentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentności	inherentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentności	inherentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentnościom	inherentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentność	inherentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentność	inherentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inherentna	inherentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inherentną	inherentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inherentną	inherentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inherentnego	inherentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inherentnego	inherentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inherentne	inherentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentne	inherentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentne	inherentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inherentne	inherentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inherentnej	inherentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inherentnej	inherentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inherentnej	inherentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inherentnemu	inherentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inherentni	inherentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inherentno	inherentny	adja		
inherentnych	inherentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inherentnych	inherentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentnych	inherentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentny	inherentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inherentny	inherentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inherentnymi	inherentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentnym	inherentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inherentnym	inherentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inherentnym	inherentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhibicjach	inhibicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicja	inhibicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicjami	inhibicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicją	inhibicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicje	inhibicja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicję	inhibicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicji	inhibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inhibicji	inhibicja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicji	inhibicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicjo	inhibicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicjom	inhibicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inhibicyj	inhibicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inhibicyjnościach	inhibicyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjnościami	inhibicyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjnością	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjności	inhibicyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjności	inhibicyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjności	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjności	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjności	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjnościom	inhibicyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjność	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjność	inhibicyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhibicyjna	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inhibicyjną	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inhibicyjną	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inhibicyjnego	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inhibicyjnego	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhibicyjne	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjne	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjne	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inhibicyjne	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inhibicyjnej	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inhibicyjnej	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inhibicyjnej	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inhibicyjnemu	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhibicyjni	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inhibicyjno	inhibicyjny	adja		
inhibicyjnych	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inhibicyjnych	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjnych	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjny	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inhibicyjny	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inhibicyjnymi	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjnym	inhibicyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inhibicyjnym	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhibicyjnym	inhibicyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inhibitorach	inhibitor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitora	inhibitor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorami	inhibitor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorem	inhibitor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitor	inhibitor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorom	inhibitor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorowi	inhibitor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorów	inhibitor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitory	inhibitor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorze	inhibitor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhibitorze	inhibitor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacjach	inhumacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacja	inhumacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacjami	inhumacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacją	inhumacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacje	inhumacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumację	inhumacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacji	inhumacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inhumacji	inhumacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacji	inhumacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacjo	inhumacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacjom	inhumacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inhumacyj	inhumacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inicjacjach	inicjacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacja	inicjacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacjami	inicjacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacją	inicjacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacje	inicjacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjację	inicjacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacji	inicjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|lit.
inicjacji	inicjacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacji	inicjacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacjo	inicjacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacjom	inicjacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inicjacyj	inicjacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|lit.
inicjacyjnościach	inicjacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjnościami	inicjacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjnością	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjności	inicjacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjności	inicjacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjności	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjności	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjności	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjnościom	inicjacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjność	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjność	inicjacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjacyjna	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inicjacyjną	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inicjacyjną	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inicjacyjnego	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inicjacyjnego	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjacyjne	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjne	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjne	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inicjacyjne	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inicjacyjnej	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inicjacyjnej	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inicjacyjnej	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inicjacyjnemu	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjacyjni	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inicjacyjno	inicjacyjny	adja		
inicjacyjnych	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inicjacyjnych	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjnych	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjny	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inicjacyjny	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inicjacyjnymi	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjnym	inicjacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjacyjnym	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjacyjnym	inicjacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjalnościach	inicjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalnościami	inicjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalnością	inicjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalności	inicjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalności	inicjalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalności	inicjalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalności	inicjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalności	inicjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalnościom	inicjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalność	inicjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalność	inicjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjalna	inicjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inicjalną	inicjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inicjalną	inicjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inicjalnego	inicjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inicjalnego	inicjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjalne	inicjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalne	inicjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalne	inicjalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inicjalne	inicjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inicjalnej	inicjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inicjalnej	inicjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inicjalnej	inicjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inicjalnemu	inicjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjalni	inicjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inicjalno	inicjalny	adja		
inicjalnych	inicjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inicjalnych	inicjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalnych	inicjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalny	inicjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inicjalny	inicjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inicjalnymi	inicjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalnym	inicjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjalnym	inicjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjalnym	inicjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjale	inicjał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjale	inicjał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałach	inicjał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałami	inicjał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałem	inicjał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjał	inicjał	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałom	inicjał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowi	inicjał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałów	inicjał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjału	inicjał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjały	inicjał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałek	inicjałek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałkach	inicjałek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałkami	inicjałek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałkiem	inicjałek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałki	inicjałek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałkom	inicjałek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałkowi	inicjałek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałków	inicjałek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałku	inicjałek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałku	inicjałek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałku	inicjałek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowościach	inicjałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowościami	inicjałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowością	inicjałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowości	inicjałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowości	inicjałowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowości	inicjałowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowości	inicjałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowości	inicjałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowościom	inicjałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowość	inicjałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowość	inicjałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałowa	inicjałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inicjałową	inicjałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inicjałową	inicjałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inicjałowego	inicjałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inicjałowego	inicjałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjałowe	inicjałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowe	inicjałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowe	inicjałowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inicjałowe	inicjałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inicjałowej	inicjałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inicjałowej	inicjałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inicjałowej	inicjałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inicjałowemu	inicjałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjałowi	inicjałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inicjałowo	inicjałowy	adja		
inicjałowych	inicjałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inicjałowych	inicjałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowych	inicjałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowy	inicjałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inicjałowy	inicjałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inicjałowymi	inicjałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowym	inicjałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjałowym	inicjałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjałowym	inicjałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjałach	inicjały	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałami	inicjały	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałom	inicjały	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
inicjałów	inicjały	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
inicjały	inicjały	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
inicjancie	inicjant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjancie	inicjant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjanci	inicjant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantach	inicjant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjanta	inicjant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantami	inicjant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantem	inicjant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjant	inicjant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantom	inicjant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantowi	inicjant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjantów	inicjant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjanty	inicjant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inicjatorce	inicjatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorek	inicjatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorkach	inicjatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorka	inicjatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorkami	inicjatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorką	inicjatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorkę	inicjatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorki	inicjatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorki	inicjatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorko	inicjatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorkom	inicjatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorach	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatora	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorami	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorem	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjator	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorom	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorowie	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorowi	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorów	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatory	inicjator:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorze	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorze	inicjator:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorzy	inicjator:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorach	inicjator:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatora	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorami	inicjator:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorem	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjator	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorom	inicjator:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorowi	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorów	inicjator:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatory	inicjator:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorze	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorze	inicjator:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorscy	inicjatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inicjatorska	inicjatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inicjatorską	inicjatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inicjatorską	inicjatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inicjatorskich	inicjatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inicjatorskich	inicjatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskich	inicjatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskiego	inicjatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inicjatorskiego	inicjatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatorskie	inicjatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskie	inicjatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskie	inicjatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inicjatorskie	inicjatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inicjatorskiej	inicjatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inicjatorskiej	inicjatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inicjatorskiej	inicjatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inicjatorskiemu	inicjatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatorski	inicjatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inicjatorski	inicjatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inicjatorskimi	inicjatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskim	inicjatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatorskim	inicjatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatorskim	inicjatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatorsko	inicjatorski	adja		
inicjatorsku	inicjatorski	adjp		
inicjatorsko	inicjatorsko	adv:pos		
inicjatorskościach	inicjatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskościami	inicjatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskością	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskości	inicjatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskości	inicjatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskości	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskości	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskości	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskościom	inicjatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskość	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatorskość	inicjatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywach	inicjatywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywa	inicjatywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywami	inicjatywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywą	inicjatywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywę	inicjatywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywie	inicjatywa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatyw	inicjatywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywo	inicjatywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywom	inicjatywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywy	inicjatywa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywy	inicjatywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywnie	inicjatywnie	adv:pos		
inicjatywnościach	inicjatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywnościami	inicjatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywnością	inicjatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywności	inicjatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywności	inicjatywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywności	inicjatywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywności	inicjatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywności	inicjatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywnościom	inicjatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywność	inicjatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywność	inicjatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inicjatywna	inicjatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inicjatywną	inicjatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inicjatywną	inicjatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inicjatywnego	inicjatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inicjatywnego	inicjatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatywne	inicjatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywne	inicjatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywne	inicjatywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inicjatywne	inicjatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inicjatywnej	inicjatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inicjatywnej	inicjatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inicjatywnej	inicjatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inicjatywnemu	inicjatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatywni	inicjatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inicjatywno	inicjatywny	adja		
inicjatywnych	inicjatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inicjatywnych	inicjatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywnych	inicjatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywny	inicjatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inicjatywny	inicjatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inicjatywnymi	inicjatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywnym	inicjatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inicjatywnym	inicjatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjatywnym	inicjatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inicjować	inicjować	inf:imperf		
inicjowaliby	inicjować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inicjowalibyście	inicjować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inicjowalibyśmy	inicjować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inicjowali	inicjować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inicjowali	inicjować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inicjowaliście	inicjować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inicjowaliśmy	inicjować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inicjowałaby	inicjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inicjowałabym	inicjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inicjowałabyś	inicjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inicjowała	inicjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inicjowała	inicjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inicjowałam	inicjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inicjowałaś	inicjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inicjowałby	inicjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inicjowałbym	inicjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inicjowałbyś	inicjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inicjowałem	inicjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inicjowałeś	inicjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inicjował	inicjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inicjował	inicjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inicjowałoby	inicjować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inicjowałobym	inicjować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inicjowałobyś	inicjować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inicjowało	inicjować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inicjowało	inicjować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inicjowałom	inicjować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inicjowałoś	inicjować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inicjowałyby	inicjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inicjowałybyście	inicjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inicjowałybyśmy	inicjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inicjowały	inicjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inicjowały	inicjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inicjowałyście	inicjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inicjowałyśmy	inicjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inicjowana	inicjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inicjowaną	inicjować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inicjowanego	inicjować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inicjowanego	inicjować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowane	inicjować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowane	inicjować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowanej	inicjować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inicjowanemu	inicjować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowaniach	inicjować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowania	inicjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowania	inicjować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowaniami	inicjować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowanie	inicjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowaniem	inicjować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowani	inicjować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inicjowaniom	inicjować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowaniu	inicjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjowano	inicjować	imps:imperf		
inicjowanych	inicjować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inicjowanych	inicjować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowany	inicjować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inicjowany	inicjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inicjowanymi	inicjować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowanym	inicjować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowanym	inicjować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjowań	inicjować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inicjująca	inicjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inicjującą	inicjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inicjującego	inicjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inicjującego	inicjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjujące	inicjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjujące	inicjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inicjującej	inicjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inicjującemu	inicjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjując	inicjować	pcon:imperf		
inicjująco	inicjować	pacta		
inicjujących	inicjować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inicjujących	inicjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjujący	inicjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inicjujący	inicjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inicjujący	inicjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inicjującymi	inicjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjującym	inicjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inicjującym	inicjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inicjują	inicjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inicjujcie	inicjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inicjujecie	inicjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inicjuje	inicjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inicjujemy	inicjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inicjujesz	inicjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inicjuję	inicjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inicjuj	inicjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inicjujmy	inicjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iniekcjach	iniekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcja	iniekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcjami	iniekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcją	iniekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcje	iniekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcję	iniekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcji	iniekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iniekcji	iniekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcji	iniekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcjo	iniekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcjom	iniekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyj	iniekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iniekcyjnościach	iniekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjnościami	iniekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjnością	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjności	iniekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjności	iniekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjności	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjności	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjności	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjnościom	iniekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjność	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjność	iniekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniekcyjna	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iniekcyjną	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iniekcyjną	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iniekcyjnego	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iniekcyjnego	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniekcyjne	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjne	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjne	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iniekcyjne	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iniekcyjnej	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iniekcyjnej	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iniekcyjnej	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iniekcyjnemu	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniekcyjni	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iniekcyjno	iniekcyjny	adja		
iniekcyjnych	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iniekcyjnych	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjnych	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjny	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iniekcyjny	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iniekcyjnymi	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjnym	iniekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniekcyjnym	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniekcyjnym	iniekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniektorach	iniektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektora	iniektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorami	iniektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorem	iniektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektor	iniektor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorom	iniektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowi	iniektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorów	iniektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektory	iniektor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorze	iniektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorze	iniektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowościach	iniektorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowościami	iniektorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowością	iniektorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowości	iniektorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowości	iniektorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowości	iniektorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowości	iniektorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowości	iniektorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowościom	iniektorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowość	iniektorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowość	iniektorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iniektorowa	iniektorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iniektorową	iniektorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iniektorową	iniektorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iniektorowego	iniektorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iniektorowego	iniektorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniektorowe	iniektorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowe	iniektorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowe	iniektorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iniektorowe	iniektorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iniektorowej	iniektorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iniektorowej	iniektorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iniektorowej	iniektorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iniektorowemu	iniektorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniektorowi	iniektorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iniektorowo	iniektorowy	adja		
iniektorowych	iniektorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iniektorowych	iniektorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowych	iniektorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowy	iniektorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iniektorowy	iniektorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iniektorowymi	iniektorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowym	iniektorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iniektorowym	iniektorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iniektorowym	iniektorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
injekcjach	injekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcja	injekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcjami	injekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcją	injekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcje	injekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcję	injekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcji	injekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
injekcji	injekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcji	injekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcjo	injekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcjom	injekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
injekcyj	injekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ince	inka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inek	inka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkach	inka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inka	inka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkami	inka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inką	inka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkę	inka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inki	inka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inki	inka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inko	inka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkom	inka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkameracjach	inkameracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracja	inkameracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracjami	inkameracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracją	inkameracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracje	inkameracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkamerację	inkameracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracji	inkameracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inkameracji	inkameracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracji	inkameracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracjo	inkameracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracjom	inkameracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkameracyj	inkameracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inkantacjach	inkantacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacja	inkantacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacjami	inkantacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacją	inkantacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacje	inkantacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantację	inkantacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacji	inkantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkantacji	inkantacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacji	inkantacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacjo	inkantacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacjom	inkantacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyj	inkantacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkantacyjnie	inkantacyjnie	adv:pos		
inkantacyjnościach	inkantacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjnościami	inkantacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjnością	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjności	inkantacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjności	inkantacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjności	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjności	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjności	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjnościom	inkantacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjność	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjność	inkantacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkantacyjna	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkantacyjną	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkantacyjną	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkantacyjnego	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkantacyjnego	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkantacyjne	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjne	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjne	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkantacyjne	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkantacyjnej	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkantacyjnej	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkantacyjnej	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkantacyjnemu	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkantacyjni	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkantacyjno	inkantacyjny	adja		
inkantacyjnych	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkantacyjnych	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjnych	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjny	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkantacyjny	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkantacyjnymi	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjnym	inkantacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkantacyjnym	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkantacyjnym	inkantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkantować	inkantować	inf:imperf		rzad.
inkantowaliby	inkantować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowalibyście	inkantować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowalibyśmy	inkantować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowali	inkantować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		rzad.
inkantowali	inkantować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowaliście	inkantować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowaliśmy	inkantować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałaby	inkantować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałabym	inkantować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałabyś	inkantować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowała	inkantować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
inkantowała	inkantować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałam	inkantować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałaś	inkantować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałby	inkantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałbym	inkantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałbyś	inkantować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałem	inkantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałeś	inkantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantował	inkantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
inkantował	inkantować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałoby	inkantować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałobym	inkantować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałobyś	inkantować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowało	inkantować	praet:sg:n:imperf		rzad.
inkantowało	inkantować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałom	inkantować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałoś	inkantować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałyby	inkantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałybyście	inkantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałybyśmy	inkantować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowały	inkantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		rzad.
inkantowały	inkantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałyście	inkantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantowałyśmy	inkantować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantowana	inkantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkantowaną	inkantować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkantowanego	inkantować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkantowanego	inkantować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowane	inkantować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowane	inkantować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowanej	inkantować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkantowanemu	inkantować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowaniach	inkantować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowania	inkantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowania	inkantować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowaniami	inkantować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowanie	inkantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowaniem	inkantować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowani	inkantować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkantowaniom	inkantować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowaniu	inkantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantowano	inkantować	imps:imperf		rzad.
inkantowanych	inkantować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkantowanych	inkantować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowany	inkantować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkantowany	inkantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkantowanymi	inkantować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowanym	inkantować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowanym	inkantować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantowań	inkantować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkantująca	inkantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkantującą	inkantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkantującego	inkantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkantującego	inkantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantujące	inkantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantujące	inkantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkantującej	inkantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkantującemu	inkantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantując	inkantować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
inkantująco	inkantować	pacta		
inkantujących	inkantować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkantujących	inkantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantujący	inkantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkantujący	inkantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkantujący	inkantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkantującymi	inkantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantującym	inkantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkantującym	inkantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkantują	inkantować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantujcie	inkantować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantujecie	inkantować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantuje	inkantować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
inkantujemy	inkantować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantujesz	inkantować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantuję	inkantować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkantuj	inkantować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
inkantujmy	inkantować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
inkarnacjach	inkarnacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacja	inkarnacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacjami	inkarnacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacją	inkarnacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacje	inkarnacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnację	inkarnacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacji	inkarnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkarnacji	inkarnacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacji	inkarnacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacjo	inkarnacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacjom	inkarnacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnacyj	inkarnacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkarnacie	inkarnat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnacie	inkarnat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatach	inkarnat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatami	inkarnat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatem	inkarnat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnat	inkarnat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatom	inkarnat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatowi	inkarnat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatów	inkarnat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatu	inkarnat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnaty	inkarnat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkarnatce	inkarnatka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatek	inkarnatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatkach	inkarnatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatka	inkarnatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatkami	inkarnatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatką	inkarnatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatkę	inkarnatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatki	inkarnatka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatki	inkarnatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatko	inkarnatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnatkom	inkarnatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkarnować	inkarnować	inf:imperf		
inkarnowaliby	inkarnować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkarnowalibyście	inkarnować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkarnowalibyśmy	inkarnować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkarnowali	inkarnować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inkarnowali	inkarnować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkarnowaliście	inkarnować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkarnowaliśmy	inkarnować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałaby	inkarnować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałabym	inkarnować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałabyś	inkarnować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkarnowała	inkarnować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inkarnowała	inkarnować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałam	inkarnować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałaś	inkarnować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkarnowałby	inkarnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałbym	inkarnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałbyś	inkarnować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkarnowałem	inkarnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałeś	inkarnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkarnował	inkarnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inkarnował	inkarnować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałoby	inkarnować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałobym	inkarnować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałobyś	inkarnować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkarnowało	inkarnować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inkarnowało	inkarnować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałom	inkarnować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkarnowałoś	inkarnować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkarnowałyby	inkarnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałybyście	inkarnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkarnowałybyśmy	inkarnować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkarnowały	inkarnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inkarnowały	inkarnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkarnowałyście	inkarnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkarnowałyśmy	inkarnować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkarnowana	inkarnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaną	inkarnować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanego	inkarnować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanego	inkarnować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowane	inkarnować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowane	inkarnować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanej	inkarnować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanemu	inkarnować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaniach	inkarnować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowania	inkarnować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowania	inkarnować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaniami	inkarnować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanie	inkarnować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaniem	inkarnować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowani	inkarnować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaniom	inkarnować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowaniu	inkarnować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowano	inkarnować	imps:imperf		
inkarnowanych	inkarnować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanych	inkarnować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowany	inkarnować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkarnowany	inkarnować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanymi	inkarnować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanym	inkarnować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowanym	inkarnować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnowań	inkarnować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnująca	inkarnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnującą	inkarnować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnującego	inkarnować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkarnującego	inkarnować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnujące	inkarnować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnujące	inkarnować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkarnującej	inkarnować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkarnującemu	inkarnować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnując	inkarnować	pcon:imperf		
inkarnująco	inkarnować	pacta		
inkarnujących	inkarnować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkarnujących	inkarnować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnujący	inkarnować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkarnujący	inkarnować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkarnujący	inkarnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkarnującymi	inkarnować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnującym	inkarnować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnującym	inkarnować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkarnują	inkarnować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inkarnujcie	inkarnować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inkarnujecie	inkarnować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inkarnuje	inkarnować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inkarnujemy	inkarnować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inkarnujesz	inkarnować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inkarnuję	inkarnować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inkarnuj	inkarnować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inkarnujmy	inkarnować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inkasenccy	inkasencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkasencka	inkasencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkasencką	inkasencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkasencką	inkasencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkasenckich	inkasencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkasenckich	inkasencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckich	inkasencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckiego	inkasencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkasenckiego	inkasencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasenckie	inkasencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckie	inkasencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckie	inkasencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkasenckie	inkasencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkasenckiej	inkasencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkasenckiej	inkasencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkasenckiej	inkasencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkasenckiemu	inkasencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasencki	inkasencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkasencki	inkasencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkasenckimi	inkasencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckim	inkasencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasenckim	inkasencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasenckim	inkasencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasencko	inkasencki	adja		
inkasencku	inkasencki	adjp		
inkasencko	inkasencko	adv:pos		
inkasenckościach	inkasenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckościami	inkasenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckością	inkasenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckości	inkasenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckości	inkasenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckości	inkasenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckości	inkasenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckości	inkasenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckościom	inkasenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckość	inkasenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenckość	inkasenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasencie	inkasent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasencie	inkasent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenci	inkasent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentach	inkasent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenta	inkasent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentami	inkasent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentem	inkasent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasent	inkasent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentom	inkasent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentowi	inkasent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasentów	inkasent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkasenty	inkasent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkascy	inkaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkaska	inkaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkaską	inkaski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkaską	inkaski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkaskich	inkaski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkaskich	inkaski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskich	inkaski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskiego	inkaski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkaskiego	inkaski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkaskie	inkaski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskie	inkaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskie	inkaski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkaskie	inkaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkaskiej	inkaski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkaskiej	inkaski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkaskiej	inkaski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkaskiemu	inkaski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkaski	inkaski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkaski	inkaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkaskimi	inkaski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskim	inkaski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkaskim	inkaski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkaskim	inkaski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasko	inkaski	adja		
inkasku	inkaski	adjp		
inkasko	inkasko	adv:pos		
inkaskościach	inkaskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskościami	inkaskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskością	inkaskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskości	inkaskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskości	inkaskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskości	inkaskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskości	inkaskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskości	inkaskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskościom	inkaskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskość	inkaskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkaskość	inkaskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasach	inkaso	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasa	inkaso	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasa	inkaso	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasami	inkaso	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasem	inkaso	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasie	inkaso	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkas	inkaso	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkaso	inkaso	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasom	inkaso	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasu	inkaso	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkasować	inkasować	inf:imperf		
inkasowaliby	inkasować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkasowalibyście	inkasować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkasowalibyśmy	inkasować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkasowali	inkasować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inkasowali	inkasować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkasowaliście	inkasować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkasowaliśmy	inkasować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkasowałaby	inkasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkasowałabym	inkasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkasowałabyś	inkasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkasowała	inkasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inkasowała	inkasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkasowałam	inkasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkasowałaś	inkasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkasowałby	inkasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkasowałbym	inkasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkasowałbyś	inkasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkasowałem	inkasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkasowałeś	inkasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkasował	inkasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inkasował	inkasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkasowałoby	inkasować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkasowałobym	inkasować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkasowałobyś	inkasować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkasowało	inkasować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inkasowało	inkasować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkasowałom	inkasować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkasowałoś	inkasować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkasowałyby	inkasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkasowałybyście	inkasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkasowałybyśmy	inkasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkasowały	inkasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inkasowały	inkasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkasowałyście	inkasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkasowałyśmy	inkasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkasowana	inkasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkasowaną	inkasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkasowanego	inkasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkasowanego	inkasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowane	inkasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowane	inkasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowanej	inkasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkasowanemu	inkasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowaniach	inkasować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowania	inkasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowania	inkasować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowaniami	inkasować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowanie	inkasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowaniem	inkasować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowani	inkasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkasowaniom	inkasować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowaniu	inkasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasowano	inkasować	imps:imperf		
inkasowanych	inkasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkasowanych	inkasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowany	inkasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkasowany	inkasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkasowanymi	inkasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowanym	inkasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowanym	inkasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasowań	inkasować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkasująca	inkasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkasującą	inkasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkasującego	inkasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkasującego	inkasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasujące	inkasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasujące	inkasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkasującej	inkasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkasującemu	inkasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasując	inkasować	pcon:imperf		
inkasująco	inkasować	pacta		
inkasujących	inkasować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkasujących	inkasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasujący	inkasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkasujący	inkasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkasujący	inkasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkasującymi	inkasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasującym	inkasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkasującym	inkasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkasują	inkasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inkasujcie	inkasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inkasujecie	inkasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inkasuje	inkasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inkasujemy	inkasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inkasujesz	inkasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inkasuję	inkasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inkasuj	inkasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inkasujmy	inkasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inkasowościach	inkasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowościami	inkasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowością	inkasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowości	inkasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowości	inkasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowości	inkasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowości	inkasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowości	inkasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowościom	inkasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowość	inkasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowość	inkasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkasowa	inkasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkasową	inkasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkasową	inkasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkasowego	inkasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkasowego	inkasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasowe	inkasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowe	inkasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowe	inkasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkasowe	inkasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkasowej	inkasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkasowej	inkasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkasowej	inkasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkasowemu	inkasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasowi	inkasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkasowo	inkasowy	adja		
inkasowych	inkasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkasowych	inkasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowych	inkasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowy	inkasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkasowy	inkasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkasowymi	inkasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowym	inkasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkasowym	inkasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkasowym	inkasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkaustach	inkaust	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustami	inkaust	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustem	inkaust	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaust	inkaust	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustom	inkaust	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustowi	inkaust	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustów	inkaust	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkaustu	inkaust	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkausty	inkaust	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkauście	inkaust	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkauście	inkaust	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inklinacjach	inklinacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacja	inklinacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacjami	inklinacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacją	inklinacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacje	inklinacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinację	inklinacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacji	inklinacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inklinacji	inklinacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacji	inklinacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacjo	inklinacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacjom	inklinacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyj	inklinacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inklinacyjnościach	inklinacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjnościami	inklinacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjnością	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjności	inklinacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjności	inklinacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjności	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjności	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjności	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjnościom	inklinacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjność	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjność	inklinacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inklinacyjna	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inklinacyjną	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inklinacyjną	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inklinacyjnego	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inklinacyjnego	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inklinacyjne	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjne	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjne	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inklinacyjne	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inklinacyjnej	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inklinacyjnej	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inklinacyjnej	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inklinacyjnemu	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inklinacyjni	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inklinacyjno	inklinacyjny	adja		
inklinacyjnych	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inklinacyjnych	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjnych	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjny	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inklinacyjny	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inklinacyjnymi	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjnym	inklinacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inklinacyjnym	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inklinacyjnym	inklinacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inklinatorach	inklinator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatora	inklinator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorami	inklinator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorem	inklinator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinator	inklinator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorom	inklinator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorowi	inklinator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorów	inklinator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatory	inklinator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorze	inklinator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinatorze	inklinator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrach	inklinometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrami	inklinometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrem	inklinometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometr	inklinometr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrom	inklinometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrowi	inklinometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrów	inklinometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometru	inklinometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometry	inklinometr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrze	inklinometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinometrze	inklinometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inklinować	inklinować	inf:imperf		przest.
inklinowaliby	inklinować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowalibyście	inklinować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowalibyśmy	inklinować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowali	inklinować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		przest.
inklinowali	inklinować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowaliście	inklinować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowaliśmy	inklinować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałaby	inklinować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałabym	inklinować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałabyś	inklinować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowała	inklinować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
inklinowała	inklinować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałam	inklinować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałaś	inklinować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowałby	inklinować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałbym	inklinować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałbyś	inklinować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowałem	inklinować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałeś	inklinować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinował	inklinować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
inklinował	inklinować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałoby	inklinować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałobym	inklinować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałobyś	inklinować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowało	inklinować	praet:sg:n:imperf		przest.
inklinowało	inklinować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałom	inklinować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowałoś	inklinować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowałyby	inklinować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałybyście	inklinować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowałybyśmy	inklinować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowały	inklinować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		przest.
inklinowały	inklinować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinowałyście	inklinować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinowałyśmy	inklinować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinowaniach	inklinować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowania	inklinować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowania	inklinować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowaniami	inklinować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowanie	inklinować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowaniem	inklinować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowaniom	inklinować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowaniu	inklinować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inklinowano	inklinować	imps:imperf		przest.
inklinowań	inklinować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inklinująca	inklinować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inklinującą	inklinować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inklinującego	inklinować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inklinującego	inklinować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inklinujące	inklinować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inklinujące	inklinować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inklinującej	inklinować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inklinującemu	inklinować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inklinując	inklinować	pcon:imperf		przest.
inklinująco	inklinować	pacta		
inklinujących	inklinować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inklinujących	inklinować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inklinujący	inklinować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inklinujący	inklinować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inklinujący	inklinować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inklinującymi	inklinować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inklinującym	inklinować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inklinującym	inklinować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inklinują	inklinować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinujcie	inklinować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinujecie	inklinować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinuje	inklinować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
inklinujemy	inklinować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinujesz	inklinować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinuję	inklinować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
inklinuj	inklinować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
inklinujmy	inklinować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
inkluzach	inkluz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluza	inkluz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzami	inkluz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzem	inkluz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzie	inkluz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzie	inkluz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluz	inkluz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzom	inkluz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowi	inkluz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzów	inkluz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzy	inkluz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzach	inkluza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluza	inkluza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzami	inkluza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzą	inkluza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzę	inkluza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzie	inkluza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluz	inkluza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzo	inkluza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzom	inkluza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzy	inkluza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzy	inkluza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzjach	inkluzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzja	inkluzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzjami	inkluzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzją	inkluzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzje	inkluzja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzję	inkluzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzji	inkluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkluzji	inkluzja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzji	inkluzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzjo	inkluzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzjom	inkluzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzyj	inkluzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkluzowościach	inkluzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowościami	inkluzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowością	inkluzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowości	inkluzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowości	inkluzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowości	inkluzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowości	inkluzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowości	inkluzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowościom	inkluzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowość	inkluzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowość	inkluzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkluzowa	inkluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inkluzową	inkluzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inkluzową	inkluzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inkluzowego	inkluzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inkluzowego	inkluzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowe	inkluzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowe	inkluzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowe	inkluzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
inkluzowe	inkluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inkluzowej	inkluzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inkluzowej	inkluzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inkluzowej	inkluzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inkluzowemu	inkluzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowi	inkluzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
inkluzowo	inkluzowy	adja		daw.
inkluzowych	inkluzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inkluzowych	inkluzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowych	inkluzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowy	inkluzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inkluzowy	inkluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inkluzowymi	inkluzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowym	inkluzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowym	inkluzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inkluzowym	inkluzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inkluzywnościach	inkluzywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywnościami	inkluzywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywnością	inkluzywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywności	inkluzywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywności	inkluzywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywności	inkluzywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywności	inkluzywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywności	inkluzywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywnościom	inkluzywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywność	inkluzywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywność	inkluzywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkluzywna	inkluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkluzywną	inkluzywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkluzywną	inkluzywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkluzywnego	inkluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkluzywnego	inkluzywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkluzywne	inkluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywne	inkluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywne	inkluzywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkluzywne	inkluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkluzywnej	inkluzywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkluzywnej	inkluzywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkluzywnej	inkluzywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkluzywnemu	inkluzywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkluzywni	inkluzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkluzywno	inkluzywny	adja		
inkluzywnych	inkluzywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkluzywnych	inkluzywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywnych	inkluzywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywny	inkluzywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkluzywny	inkluzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkluzywnymi	inkluzywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywnym	inkluzywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkluzywnym	inkluzywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkluzywnym	inkluzywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkoherencjach	inkoherencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencja	inkoherencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencjami	inkoherencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencją	inkoherencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencje	inkoherencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencję	inkoherencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencji	inkoherencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkoherencji	inkoherencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencji	inkoherencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencjo	inkoherencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencjom	inkoherencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkoherencyj	inkoherencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkolacie	inkolat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolacie	inkolat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatach	inkolat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatami	inkolat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatem	inkolat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolat	inkolat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatom	inkolat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatowi	inkolat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatów	inkolat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolatu	inkolat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkolaty	inkolat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkomodować	inkomodować	inf:imperf		daw.
inkomodowaliby	inkomodować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowalibyście	inkomodować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowalibyśmy	inkomodować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowali	inkomodować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inkomodowali	inkomodować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowaliście	inkomodować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowaliśmy	inkomodować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałaby	inkomodować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałabym	inkomodować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałabyś	inkomodować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowała	inkomodować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inkomodowała	inkomodować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałam	inkomodować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałaś	inkomodować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałby	inkomodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałbym	inkomodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałbyś	inkomodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałem	inkomodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałeś	inkomodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodował	inkomodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inkomodował	inkomodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałoby	inkomodować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałobym	inkomodować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałobyś	inkomodować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowało	inkomodować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inkomodowało	inkomodować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałom	inkomodować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałoś	inkomodować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałyby	inkomodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałybyście	inkomodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałybyśmy	inkomodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowały	inkomodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inkomodowały	inkomodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałyście	inkomodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodowałyśmy	inkomodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodowana	inkomodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaną	inkomodować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanego	inkomodować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanego	inkomodować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowane	inkomodować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowane	inkomodować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanej	inkomodować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanemu	inkomodować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaniach	inkomodować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowania	inkomodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowania	inkomodować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaniami	inkomodować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanie	inkomodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaniem	inkomodować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowani	inkomodować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaniom	inkomodować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowaniu	inkomodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowano	inkomodować	imps:imperf		daw.
inkomodowanych	inkomodować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanych	inkomodować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowany	inkomodować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkomodowany	inkomodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanymi	inkomodować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanym	inkomodować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowanym	inkomodować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodowań	inkomodować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodująca	inkomodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodującą	inkomodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodującego	inkomodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkomodującego	inkomodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodujące	inkomodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodujące	inkomodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkomodującej	inkomodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkomodującemu	inkomodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodując	inkomodować	pcon:imperf		daw.
inkomodująco	inkomodować	pacta		
inkomodujących	inkomodować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkomodujących	inkomodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodujący	inkomodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkomodujący	inkomodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkomodujący	inkomodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkomodującymi	inkomodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodującym	inkomodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodującym	inkomodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkomodują	inkomodować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodujcie	inkomodować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodujecie	inkomodować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomoduje	inkomodować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inkomodujemy	inkomodować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomodujesz	inkomodować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomoduję	inkomodować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inkomoduj	inkomodować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inkomodujmy	inkomodować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inkompatibiliach	inkompatibilia	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inkompatibilia	inkompatibilia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inkompatibiliami	inkompatibilia	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inkompatibiliom	inkompatibilia	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inkompatibiliów	inkompatibilia	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
inkompetencjach	inkompetencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencja	inkompetencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencjami	inkompetencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencją	inkompetencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencje	inkompetencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencję	inkompetencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencji	inkompetencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkompetencji	inkompetencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencji	inkompetencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencjo	inkompetencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencjom	inkompetencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetencyj	inkompetencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkompetentnościach	inkompetentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentnościami	inkompetentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentnością	inkompetentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentności	inkompetentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentności	inkompetentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentności	inkompetentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentności	inkompetentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentności	inkompetentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentnościom	inkompetentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentność	inkompetentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentność	inkompetentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkompetentna	inkompetentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkompetentną	inkompetentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkompetentną	inkompetentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkompetentnego	inkompetentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkompetentnego	inkompetentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkompetentne	inkompetentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentne	inkompetentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentne	inkompetentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkompetentne	inkompetentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkompetentnej	inkompetentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkompetentnej	inkompetentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkompetentnej	inkompetentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkompetentnemu	inkompetentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkompetentni	inkompetentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkompetentno	inkompetentny	adja		
inkompetentnych	inkompetentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkompetentnych	inkompetentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentnych	inkompetentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentny	inkompetentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkompetentny	inkompetentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkompetentnymi	inkompetentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentnym	inkompetentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkompetentnym	inkompetentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkompetentnym	inkompetentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkongruencjach	inkongruencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencja	inkongruencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencjami	inkongruencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencją	inkongruencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencje	inkongruencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencję	inkongruencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencji	inkongruencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkongruencji	inkongruencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencji	inkongruencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencjo	inkongruencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencjom	inkongruencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkongruencyj	inkongruencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkonweniencjach	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencja	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencjami	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencją	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencje	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencję	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencji	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inkonweniencji	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencji	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencjo	inkonweniencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencjom	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkonweniencyj	inkonweniencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inkorporacjach	inkorporacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacja	inkorporacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacjami	inkorporacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacją	inkorporacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacje	inkorporacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporację	inkorporacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacji	inkorporacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkorporacji	inkorporacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacji	inkorporacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacjo	inkorporacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacjom	inkorporacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyj	inkorporacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkorporacyjnościach	inkorporacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjnościami	inkorporacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjnością	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjności	inkorporacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjności	inkorporacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjności	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjności	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjności	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjnościom	inkorporacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjność	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjność	inkorporacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkorporacyjna	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkorporacyjną	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkorporacyjną	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkorporacyjnego	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkorporacyjnego	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkorporacyjne	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjne	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjne	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkorporacyjne	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkorporacyjnej	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkorporacyjnej	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkorporacyjnej	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkorporacyjnemu	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkorporacyjni	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkorporacyjno	inkorporacyjny	adja		
inkorporacyjnych	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkorporacyjnych	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjnych	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjny	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkorporacyjny	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkorporacyjnymi	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjnym	inkorporacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkorporacyjnym	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkorporacyjnym	inkorporacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkorporować	inkorporować	inf:imperf.perf		
inkorporowaliby	inkorporować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowalibyście	inkorporować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowalibyśmy	inkorporować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowali	inkorporować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
inkorporowali	inkorporować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowaliście	inkorporować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowaliśmy	inkorporować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałaby	inkorporować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałabym	inkorporować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałabyś	inkorporować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowała	inkorporować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
inkorporowała	inkorporować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałam	inkorporować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałaś	inkorporować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałby	inkorporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałbym	inkorporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałbyś	inkorporować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałem	inkorporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałeś	inkorporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporował	inkorporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
inkorporował	inkorporować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałoby	inkorporować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałobym	inkorporować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałobyś	inkorporować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowało	inkorporować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
inkorporowało	inkorporować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałom	inkorporować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałoś	inkorporować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałyby	inkorporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałybyście	inkorporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałybyśmy	inkorporować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowały	inkorporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
inkorporowały	inkorporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałyście	inkorporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporowałyśmy	inkorporować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporowana	inkorporować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaną	inkorporować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanego	inkorporować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanego	inkorporować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowane	inkorporować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowane	inkorporować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanej	inkorporować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanemu	inkorporować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaniach	inkorporować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowania	inkorporować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowania	inkorporować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaniami	inkorporować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanie	inkorporować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaniem	inkorporować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowani	inkorporować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaniom	inkorporować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowaniu	inkorporować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowano	inkorporować	imps:imperf.perf		
inkorporowanych	inkorporować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanych	inkorporować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowany	inkorporować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowany	inkorporować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanymi	inkorporować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanym	inkorporować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowanym	inkorporować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowań	inkorporować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkorporowawszy	inkorporować	pant:perf		
inkorporująca	inkorporować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkorporującą	inkorporować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkorporującego	inkorporować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkorporującego	inkorporować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporujące	inkorporować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporujące	inkorporować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkorporującej	inkorporować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkorporującemu	inkorporować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporując	inkorporować	pcon:imperf		
inkorporująco	inkorporować	pacta		
inkorporujących	inkorporować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkorporujących	inkorporować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporujący	inkorporować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkorporujący	inkorporować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkorporujący	inkorporować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkorporującymi	inkorporować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporującym	inkorporować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporującym	inkorporować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkorporują	inkorporować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporujcie	inkorporować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporujecie	inkorporować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporuje	inkorporować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
inkorporujemy	inkorporować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporujesz	inkorporować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporuję	inkorporować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
inkorporuj	inkorporować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkorporujmy	inkorporować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkrustach	inkrust	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustami	inkrust	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustem	inkrust	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrust	inkrust	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustom	inkrust	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustowi	inkrust	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustów	inkrust	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustu	inkrust	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrusty	inkrust	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkruście	inkrust	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkruście	inkrust	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacjach	inkrustacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacja	inkrustacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacjami	inkrustacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacją	inkrustacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacje	inkrustacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustację	inkrustacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacji	inkrustacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkrustacji	inkrustacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacji	inkrustacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacjo	inkrustacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacjom	inkrustacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustacyj	inkrustacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkrustatorstwach	inkrustatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwa	inkrustatorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwa	inkrustatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwami	inkrustatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwem	inkrustatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwie	inkrustatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstw	inkrustatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwo	inkrustatorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwom	inkrustatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustatorstwu	inkrustatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inkrustować	inkrustować	inf:imperf		
inkrustowaliby	inkrustować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkrustowalibyście	inkrustować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkrustowalibyśmy	inkrustować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkrustowali	inkrustować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inkrustowali	inkrustować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inkrustowaliście	inkrustować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inkrustowaliśmy	inkrustować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałaby	inkrustować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałabym	inkrustować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałabyś	inkrustować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkrustowała	inkrustować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inkrustowała	inkrustować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałam	inkrustować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałaś	inkrustować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inkrustowałby	inkrustować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałbym	inkrustować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałbyś	inkrustować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkrustowałem	inkrustować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałeś	inkrustować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inkrustował	inkrustować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inkrustował	inkrustować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałoby	inkrustować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałobym	inkrustować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałobyś	inkrustować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkrustowało	inkrustować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inkrustowało	inkrustować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałom	inkrustować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inkrustowałoś	inkrustować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inkrustowałyby	inkrustować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałybyście	inkrustować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkrustowałybyśmy	inkrustować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkrustowały	inkrustować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inkrustowały	inkrustować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inkrustowałyście	inkrustować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inkrustowałyśmy	inkrustować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inkrustowana	inkrustować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaną	inkrustować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanego	inkrustować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanego	inkrustować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowane	inkrustować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowane	inkrustować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanej	inkrustować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanemu	inkrustować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaniach	inkrustować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowania	inkrustować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowania	inkrustować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaniami	inkrustować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanie	inkrustować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaniem	inkrustować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowani	inkrustować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaniom	inkrustować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowaniu	inkrustować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowano	inkrustować	imps:imperf		
inkrustowanych	inkrustować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanych	inkrustować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowany	inkrustować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkrustowany	inkrustować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanymi	inkrustować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanym	inkrustować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowanym	inkrustować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustowań	inkrustować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustująca	inkrustować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustującą	inkrustować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustującego	inkrustować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkrustującego	inkrustować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustujące	inkrustować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustujące	inkrustować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkrustującej	inkrustować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkrustującemu	inkrustować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustując	inkrustować	pcon:imperf		
inkrustująco	inkrustować	pacta		
inkrustujących	inkrustować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkrustujących	inkrustować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustujący	inkrustować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkrustujący	inkrustować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkrustujący	inkrustować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkrustującymi	inkrustować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustującym	inkrustować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustującym	inkrustować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkrustują	inkrustować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inkrustujcie	inkrustować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inkrustujecie	inkrustować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inkrustuje	inkrustować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inkrustujemy	inkrustować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inkrustujesz	inkrustować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inkrustuję	inkrustować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inkrustuj	inkrustować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inkrustujmy	inkrustować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inkrutowinach	inkrutowiny	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkrutowinami	inkrutowiny	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkrutowin	inkrutowiny	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkrutowinom	inkrutowiny	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkrutowiny	inkrutowiny	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkryminacjach	inkryminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacja	inkryminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacjami	inkryminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacją	inkryminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacje	inkryminacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminację	inkryminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacji	inkryminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
inkryminacji	inkryminacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacji	inkryminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacjo	inkryminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacjom	inkryminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkryminacyj	inkryminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
inkryminować	inkryminować	inf:imperf.perf		
inkryminowaliby	inkryminować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowalibyście	inkryminować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowalibyśmy	inkryminować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowali	inkryminować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
inkryminowali	inkryminować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowaliście	inkryminować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowaliśmy	inkryminować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałaby	inkryminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałabym	inkryminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałabyś	inkryminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowała	inkryminować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
inkryminowała	inkryminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałam	inkryminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałaś	inkryminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałby	inkryminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałbym	inkryminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałbyś	inkryminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałem	inkryminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałeś	inkryminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminował	inkryminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
inkryminował	inkryminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałoby	inkryminować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałobym	inkryminować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałobyś	inkryminować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowało	inkryminować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
inkryminowało	inkryminować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałom	inkryminować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałoś	inkryminować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałyby	inkryminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałybyście	inkryminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałybyśmy	inkryminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowały	inkryminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
inkryminowały	inkryminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałyście	inkryminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminowałyśmy	inkryminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowana	inkryminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaną	inkryminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanego	inkryminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanego	inkryminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowane	inkryminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowane	inkryminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanej	inkryminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanemu	inkryminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaniach	inkryminować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowania	inkryminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowania	inkryminować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaniami	inkryminować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanie	inkryminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaniem	inkryminować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowani	inkryminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaniom	inkryminować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowaniu	inkryminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowano	inkryminować	imps:imperf.perf		
inkryminowanych	inkryminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanych	inkryminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowany	inkryminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowany	inkryminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanymi	inkryminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanym	inkryminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowanym	inkryminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowań	inkryminować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkryminowawszy	inkryminować	pant:perf		
inkryminująca	inkryminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkryminującą	inkryminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkryminującego	inkryminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkryminującego	inkryminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminujące	inkryminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminujące	inkryminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkryminującej	inkryminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkryminującemu	inkryminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminując	inkryminować	pcon:imperf		
inkryminująco	inkryminować	pacta		
inkryminujących	inkryminować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkryminujących	inkryminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminujący	inkryminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkryminujący	inkryminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkryminujący	inkryminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkryminującymi	inkryminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminującym	inkryminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminującym	inkryminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkryminują	inkryminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminujcie	inkryminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminujecie	inkryminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminuje	inkryminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
inkryminujemy	inkryminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminujesz	inkryminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminuję	inkryminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminuj	inkryminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkryminujmy	inkryminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkryminowanościach	inkryminowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowanościami	inkryminowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowanością	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaności	inkryminowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaności	inkryminowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaności	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaności	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaności	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowanościom	inkryminowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaność	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowaność	inkryminowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkryminowana	inkryminowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkryminowaną	inkryminowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkryminowaną	inkryminowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkryminowanego	inkryminowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkryminowanego	inkryminowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkryminowane	inkryminowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowane	inkryminowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowane	inkryminowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkryminowane	inkryminowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkryminowanej	inkryminowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkryminowanej	inkryminowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkryminowanej	inkryminowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkryminowanemu	inkryminowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkryminowani	inkryminowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkryminowano	inkryminowany	adja		
inkryminowanych	inkryminowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkryminowanych	inkryminowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowanych	inkryminowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowany	inkryminowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkryminowany	inkryminowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkryminowanymi	inkryminowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowanym	inkryminowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkryminowanym	inkryminowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkryminowanym	inkryminowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkubach	inkub	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkuba	inkub	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubami	inkub	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubem	inkub	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubie	inkub	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubie	inkub	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkub	inkub	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubom	inkub	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubowi	inkub	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubów	inkub	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkuby	inkub	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacjach	inkubacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacja	inkubacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacjami	inkubacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacją	inkubacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacje	inkubacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubację	inkubacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacji	inkubacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkubacji	inkubacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacji	inkubacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacjo	inkubacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacjom	inkubacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyj	inkubacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkubacyjnościach	inkubacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjnościami	inkubacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjnością	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjności	inkubacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjności	inkubacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjności	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjności	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjności	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjnościom	inkubacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjność	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjność	inkubacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubacyjna	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkubacyjną	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkubacyjną	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkubacyjnego	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkubacyjnego	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkubacyjne	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjne	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjne	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkubacyjne	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkubacyjnej	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkubacyjnej	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkubacyjnej	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkubacyjnemu	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkubacyjni	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkubacyjno	inkubacyjny	adja		
inkubacyjnych	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkubacyjnych	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjnych	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjny	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkubacyjny	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkubacyjnymi	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjnym	inkubacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkubacyjnym	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkubacyjnym	inkubacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkubatorach	inkubator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatora	inkubator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorami	inkubator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorem	inkubator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubator	inkubator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorom	inkubator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorowi	inkubator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorów	inkubator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatory	inkubator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorze	inkubator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorze	inkubator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorniach	inkubatornia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatornia	inkubatornia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorniami	inkubatornia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatornią	inkubatornia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatornie	inkubatornia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatornię	inkubatornia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorni	inkubatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkubatorni	inkubatornia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorni	inkubatornia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatornio	inkubatornia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorniom	inkubatornia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkubatorń	inkubatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
inkubować	inkubować	inf:imperf.perf		
inkubowaliby	inkubować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowalibyście	inkubować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowalibyśmy	inkubować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowali	inkubować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
inkubowali	inkubować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowaliście	inkubować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowaliśmy	inkubować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałaby	inkubować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałabym	inkubować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałabyś	inkubować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowała	inkubować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
inkubowała	inkubować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałam	inkubować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałaś	inkubować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowałby	inkubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałbym	inkubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałbyś	inkubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowałem	inkubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałeś	inkubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubował	inkubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
inkubował	inkubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałoby	inkubować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałobym	inkubować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałobyś	inkubować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowało	inkubować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
inkubowało	inkubować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałom	inkubować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowałoś	inkubować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowałyby	inkubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałybyście	inkubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowałybyśmy	inkubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowały	inkubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
inkubowały	inkubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubowałyście	inkubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubowałyśmy	inkubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubowana	inkubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaną	inkubować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanego	inkubować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanego	inkubować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowane	inkubować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowane	inkubować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanej	inkubować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanemu	inkubować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaniach	inkubować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowania	inkubować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowania	inkubować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaniami	inkubować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanie	inkubować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaniem	inkubować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowani	inkubować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaniom	inkubować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowaniu	inkubować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowano	inkubować	imps:imperf.perf		
inkubowanych	inkubować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanych	inkubować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowany	inkubować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowany	inkubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanymi	inkubować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanym	inkubować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowanym	inkubować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowań	inkubować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inkubowawszy	inkubować	pant:perf		
inkubująca	inkubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkubującą	inkubować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkubującego	inkubować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkubującego	inkubować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkubujące	inkubować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkubujące	inkubować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkubującej	inkubować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkubującemu	inkubować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkubując	inkubować	pcon:imperf		
inkubująco	inkubować	pacta		
inkubujących	inkubować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkubujących	inkubować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkubujący	inkubować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkubujący	inkubować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkubujący	inkubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkubującymi	inkubować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkubującym	inkubować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkubującym	inkubować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkubują	inkubować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubujcie	inkubować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubujecie	inkubować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubuje	inkubować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
inkubujemy	inkubować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubujesz	inkubować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubuję	inkubować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
inkubuj	inkubować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inkubujmy	inkubować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inkulpować	inkulpować	inf:imperf		daw.
inkulpowaliby	inkulpować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowalibyście	inkulpować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowalibyśmy	inkulpować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowali	inkulpować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inkulpowali	inkulpować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowaliście	inkulpować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowaliśmy	inkulpować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałaby	inkulpować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałabym	inkulpować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałabyś	inkulpować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowała	inkulpować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inkulpowała	inkulpować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałam	inkulpować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałaś	inkulpować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałby	inkulpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałbym	inkulpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałbyś	inkulpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałem	inkulpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałeś	inkulpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpował	inkulpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inkulpował	inkulpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałoby	inkulpować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałobym	inkulpować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałobyś	inkulpować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowało	inkulpować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inkulpowało	inkulpować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałom	inkulpować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałoś	inkulpować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałyby	inkulpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałybyście	inkulpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałybyśmy	inkulpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowały	inkulpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inkulpowały	inkulpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałyście	inkulpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpowałyśmy	inkulpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpowana	inkulpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaną	inkulpować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanego	inkulpować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanego	inkulpować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowane	inkulpować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowane	inkulpować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanej	inkulpować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanemu	inkulpować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaniach	inkulpować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowania	inkulpować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowania	inkulpować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaniami	inkulpować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanie	inkulpować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaniem	inkulpować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowani	inkulpować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaniom	inkulpować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowaniu	inkulpować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowano	inkulpować	imps:imperf		daw.
inkulpowanych	inkulpować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanych	inkulpować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowany	inkulpować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkulpowany	inkulpować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanymi	inkulpować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanym	inkulpować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowanym	inkulpować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpowań	inkulpować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpująca	inkulpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpującą	inkulpować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpującego	inkulpować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkulpującego	inkulpować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpujące	inkulpować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpujące	inkulpować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkulpującej	inkulpować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkulpującemu	inkulpować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpując	inkulpować	pcon:imperf		daw.
inkulpująco	inkulpować	pacta		
inkulpujących	inkulpować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkulpujących	inkulpować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpujący	inkulpować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkulpujący	inkulpować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkulpujący	inkulpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkulpującymi	inkulpować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpującym	inkulpować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpującym	inkulpować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkulpują	inkulpować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpujcie	inkulpować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpujecie	inkulpować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpuje	inkulpować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inkulpujemy	inkulpować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpujesz	inkulpować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpuję	inkulpować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulpuj	inkulpować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inkulpujmy	inkulpować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inkulturacjach	inkulturacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacja	inkulturacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacjami	inkulturacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacją	inkulturacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacje	inkulturacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturację	inkulturacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacji	inkulturacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inkulturacji	inkulturacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacji	inkulturacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacjo	inkulturacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacjom	inkulturacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkulturacyj	inkulturacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inkunabulistyce	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistykach	inkunabulistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyka	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistykami	inkunabulistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyką	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistykę	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyki	inkunabulistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyki	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyk	inkunabulistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistyko	inkunabulistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabulistykom	inkunabulistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabule	inkunabuł	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabule	inkunabuł	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułach	inkunabuł	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułami	inkunabuł	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułem	inkunabuł	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabuł	inkunabuł	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułom	inkunabuł	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułowi	inkunabuł	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułów	inkunabuł	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabułu	inkunabuł	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkunabuły	inkunabuł	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inkursjach	inkursja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursja	inkursja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursjami	inkursja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursją	inkursja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursje	inkursja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursję	inkursja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursji	inkursja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inkursji	inkursja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursji	inkursja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursjo	inkursja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursjom	inkursja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inkursyj	inkursja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inkwirencie	inkwirent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirencie	inkwirent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirenci	inkwirent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentach	inkwirent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirenta	inkwirent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentami	inkwirent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentem	inkwirent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirent	inkwirent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentom	inkwirent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentowi	inkwirent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirentów	inkwirent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirenty	inkwirent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwirować	inkwirować	inf:imperf		przest.
inkwirowaliby	inkwirować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowalibyście	inkwirować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowalibyśmy	inkwirować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowali	inkwirować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		przest.
inkwirowali	inkwirować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowaliście	inkwirować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowaliśmy	inkwirować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałaby	inkwirować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałabym	inkwirować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałabyś	inkwirować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowała	inkwirować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
inkwirowała	inkwirować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałam	inkwirować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałaś	inkwirować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałby	inkwirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałbym	inkwirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałbyś	inkwirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałem	inkwirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałeś	inkwirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirował	inkwirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
inkwirował	inkwirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałoby	inkwirować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałobym	inkwirować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałobyś	inkwirować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowało	inkwirować	praet:sg:n:imperf		przest.
inkwirowało	inkwirować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałom	inkwirować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałoś	inkwirować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałyby	inkwirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałybyście	inkwirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałybyśmy	inkwirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowały	inkwirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		przest.
inkwirowały	inkwirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałyście	inkwirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirowałyśmy	inkwirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirowana	inkwirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaną	inkwirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanego	inkwirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanego	inkwirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowane	inkwirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowane	inkwirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanej	inkwirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanemu	inkwirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaniach	inkwirować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowania	inkwirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowania	inkwirować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaniami	inkwirować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanie	inkwirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaniem	inkwirować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowani	inkwirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaniom	inkwirować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowaniu	inkwirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowano	inkwirować	imps:imperf		przest.
inkwirowanych	inkwirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanych	inkwirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowany	inkwirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkwirowany	inkwirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanymi	inkwirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanym	inkwirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowanym	inkwirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirowań	inkwirować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirująca	inkwirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirującą	inkwirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirującego	inkwirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inkwirującego	inkwirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirujące	inkwirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirujące	inkwirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inkwirującej	inkwirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inkwirującemu	inkwirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirując	inkwirować	pcon:imperf		przest.
inkwirująco	inkwirować	pacta		
inkwirujących	inkwirować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkwirujących	inkwirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirujący	inkwirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inkwirujący	inkwirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inkwirujący	inkwirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inkwirującymi	inkwirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirującym	inkwirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirującym	inkwirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inkwirują	inkwirować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirujcie	inkwirować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirujecie	inkwirować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwiruje	inkwirować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
inkwirujemy	inkwirować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwirujesz	inkwirować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwiruję	inkwirować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwiruj	inkwirować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
inkwirujmy	inkwirować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
inkwizycjach	inkwizycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycja	inkwizycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycjami	inkwizycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycją	inkwizycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycje	inkwizycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycję	inkwizycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycji	inkwizycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|hist.
inkwizycji	inkwizycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycji	inkwizycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycjo	inkwizycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycjom	inkwizycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
inkwizycyj	inkwizycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|hist.
inkwizycyjnościach	inkwizycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjnościami	inkwizycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjnością	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjności	inkwizycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjności	inkwizycyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjności	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjności	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjności	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjnościom	inkwizycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjność	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjność	inkwizycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizycyjna	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkwizycyjną	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkwizycyjną	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkwizycyjnego	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkwizycyjnego	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizycyjne	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjne	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjne	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkwizycyjne	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkwizycyjnej	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkwizycyjnej	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkwizycyjnej	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkwizycyjnemu	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizycyjni	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkwizycyjno	inkwizycyjny	adja		
inkwizycyjnych	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkwizycyjnych	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjnych	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjny	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkwizycyjny	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkwizycyjnymi	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjnym	inkwizycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizycyjnym	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizycyjnym	inkwizycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizytorach	inkwizytor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytora	inkwizytor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorami	inkwizytor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorem	inkwizytor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytor	inkwizytor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorom	inkwizytor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorowie	inkwizytor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorowi	inkwizytor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorów	inkwizytor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytory	inkwizytor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorze	inkwizytor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorze	inkwizytor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorzy	inkwizytor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytoriacie	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriacie	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatach	inkwizytoriat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatami	inkwizytoriat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatem	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriat	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatom	inkwizytoriat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatowi	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatów	inkwizytoriat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriatu	inkwizytoriat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytoriaty	inkwizytoriat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inkwizytorce	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorek	inkwizytorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorkach	inkwizytorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorka	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorkami	inkwizytorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorką	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorkę	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorki	inkwizytorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorki	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorko	inkwizytorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorkom	inkwizytorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorscy	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inkwizytorska	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inkwizytorską	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inkwizytorską	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inkwizytorskich	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inkwizytorskich	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskich	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskiego	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inkwizytorskiego	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizytorskie	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskie	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskie	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inkwizytorskie	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inkwizytorskiej	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inkwizytorskiej	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inkwizytorskiej	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inkwizytorskiemu	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizytorski	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inkwizytorski	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inkwizytorskimi	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskim	inkwizytorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inkwizytorskim	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizytorskim	inkwizytorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inkwizytorsko	inkwizytorski	adja		
inkwizytorsku	inkwizytorski	adjp		
inkwizytorsko	inkwizytorsko	adv:pos		
inkwizytorskościach	inkwizytorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskościami	inkwizytorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskością	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskości	inkwizytorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskości	inkwizytorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskości	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskości	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskości	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskościom	inkwizytorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskość	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inkwizytorskość	inkwizytorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inlecie	inlet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inlecie	inlet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletach	inlet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletami	inlet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletem	inlet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inlet	inlet	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletom	inlet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletowi	inlet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletów	inlet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inletu	inlet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inlety	inlet	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacjach	innerwacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacja	innerwacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacjami	innerwacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacją	innerwacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacje	innerwacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwację	innerwacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacji	innerwacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
innerwacji	innerwacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacji	innerwacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacjo	innerwacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacjom	innerwacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyj	innerwacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
innerwacyjnościach	innerwacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjnościami	innerwacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjnością	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjności	innerwacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjności	innerwacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjności	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjności	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjności	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjnościom	innerwacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjność	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjność	innerwacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innerwacyjna	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innerwacyjną	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innerwacyjną	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innerwacyjnego	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innerwacyjnego	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innerwacyjne	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjne	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjne	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innerwacyjne	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innerwacyjnej	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innerwacyjnej	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innerwacyjnej	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innerwacyjnemu	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innerwacyjni	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innerwacyjno	innerwacyjny	adja		
innerwacyjnych	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innerwacyjnych	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjnych	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjny	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innerwacyjny	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innerwacyjnymi	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjnym	innerwacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innerwacyjnym	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innerwacyjnym	innerwacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innocencjach	innocencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencja	innocencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencjami	innocencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencją	innocencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencje	innocencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencję	innocencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencji	innocencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
innocencji	innocencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencji	innocencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencjo	innocencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencjom	innocencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innocencyj	innocencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
innogatunkowościach	innogatunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowościami	innogatunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowością	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowości	innogatunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowości	innogatunkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowości	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowości	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowości	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowościom	innogatunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowość	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowość	innogatunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innogatunkowa	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innogatunkową	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innogatunkową	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innogatunkowego	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innogatunkowego	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innogatunkowe	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowe	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowe	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innogatunkowe	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innogatunkowej	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innogatunkowej	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innogatunkowej	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innogatunkowemu	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innogatunkowi	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innogatunkowo	innogatunkowy	adja		
innogatunkowych	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innogatunkowych	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowych	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowy	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innogatunkowy	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innogatunkowymi	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowym	innogatunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innogatunkowym	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innogatunkowym	innogatunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innojęzycznościach	innojęzyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzycznościami	innojęzyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzycznością	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczności	innojęzyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczności	innojęzyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczności	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczności	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczności	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzycznościom	innojęzyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczność	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczność	innojęzyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innojęzyczna	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innojęzyczną	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innojęzyczną	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innojęzycznego	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innojęzycznego	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innojęzyczne	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzyczne	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzyczne	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innojęzyczne	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innojęzycznej	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innojęzycznej	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innojęzycznej	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innojęzycznemu	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innojęzyczni	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innojęzyczno	innojęzyczny	adja		
innojęzycznych	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innojęzycznych	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzycznych	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzyczny	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innojęzyczny	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innojęzycznymi	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzycznym	innojęzyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innojęzycznym	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innojęzycznym	innojęzyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innoplemieniec	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcach	innoplemieniec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńca	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcami	innoplemieniec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńce	innoplemieniec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcem	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcom	innoplemieniec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcowi	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńców	innoplemieniec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcu	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcu	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcy	innoplemieniec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemieńcze	innoplemieniec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemiennościach	innoplemienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemiennościami	innoplemienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemiennością	innoplemienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienności	innoplemienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienności	innoplemienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienności	innoplemienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienności	innoplemienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienności	innoplemienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemiennościom	innoplemienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienność	innoplemienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienność	innoplemienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
innoplemienna	innoplemienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
innoplemienną	innoplemienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
innoplemienną	innoplemienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
innoplemiennego	innoplemienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
innoplemiennego	innoplemienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
innoplemienne	innoplemienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemienne	innoplemienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemienne	innoplemienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
innoplemienne	innoplemienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
innoplemiennej	innoplemienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
innoplemiennej	innoplemienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
innoplemiennej	innoplemienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
innoplemiennemu	innoplemienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
innoplemienni	innoplemienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
innoplemienno	innoplemienny	adja		przest.
innoplemiennych	innoplemienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
innoplemiennych	innoplemienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemiennych	innoplemienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemienny	innoplemienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
innoplemienny	innoplemienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
innoplemiennymi	innoplemienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemiennym	innoplemienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
innoplemiennym	innoplemienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
innoplemiennym	innoplemienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
innorodnościach	innorodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodnościami	innorodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodnością	innorodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodności	innorodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodności	innorodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodności	innorodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodności	innorodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodności	innorodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodnościom	innorodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodność	innorodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodność	innorodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodna	innorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innorodną	innorodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innorodną	innorodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innorodnego	innorodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innorodnego	innorodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodne	innorodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodne	innorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodne	innorodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innorodne	innorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innorodnej	innorodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innorodnej	innorodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innorodnej	innorodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innorodnemu	innorodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodni	innorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innorodno	innorodny	adja		
innorodnych	innorodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innorodnych	innorodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodnych	innorodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodny	innorodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innorodny	innorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innorodnymi	innorodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodnym	innorodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodnym	innorodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodnym	innorodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodzajowościach	innorodzajowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowościami	innorodzajowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowością	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowości	innorodzajowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowości	innorodzajowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowości	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowości	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowości	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowościom	innorodzajowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowość	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowość	innorodzajowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innorodzajowa	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innorodzajową	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innorodzajową	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innorodzajowego	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innorodzajowego	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodzajowe	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowe	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowe	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innorodzajowe	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innorodzajowej	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innorodzajowej	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innorodzajowej	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innorodzajowemu	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodzajowi	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innorodzajowo	innorodzajowy	adja		
innorodzajowych	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innorodzajowych	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowych	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowy	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innorodzajowy	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innorodzajowymi	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowym	innorodzajowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innorodzajowym	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innorodzajowym	innorodzajowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innosłowiańscy	innosłowiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innosłowiańska	innosłowiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innosłowiańską	innosłowiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innosłowiańską	innosłowiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innosłowiańskich	innosłowiański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innosłowiańskich	innosłowiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskich	innosłowiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskiego	innosłowiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innosłowiańskiego	innosłowiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innosłowiańskie	innosłowiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskie	innosłowiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskie	innosłowiański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innosłowiańskie	innosłowiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innosłowiańskiej	innosłowiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innosłowiańskiej	innosłowiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innosłowiańskiej	innosłowiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innosłowiańskiemu	innosłowiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innosłowiański	innosłowiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innosłowiański	innosłowiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innosłowiańskimi	innosłowiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskim	innosłowiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innosłowiańskim	innosłowiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innosłowiańskim	innosłowiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innosłowiańsko	innosłowiański	adja		
innosłowiańsku	innosłowiański	adjp		
innosłowiańsko	innosłowiańsko	adv:pos		
innosłowiańskościach	innosłowiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskościami	innosłowiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskością	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskości	innosłowiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskości	innosłowiańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskości	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskości	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskości	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskościom	innosłowiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskość	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innosłowiańskość	innosłowiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronnościach	innostronność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronnościami	innostronność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronnością	innostronność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronności	innostronność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronności	innostronność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronności	innostronność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronności	innostronność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronności	innostronność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronnościom	innostronność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronność	innostronność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronność	innostronność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innostronna	innostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innostronną	innostronny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innostronną	innostronny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innostronnego	innostronny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innostronnego	innostronny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innostronne	innostronny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronne	innostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronne	innostronny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innostronne	innostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innostronnej	innostronny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innostronnej	innostronny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innostronnej	innostronny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innostronnemu	innostronny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innostronni	innostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innostronno	innostronny	adja		
innostronnych	innostronny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innostronnych	innostronny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronnych	innostronny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronny	innostronny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innostronny	innostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innostronnymi	innostronny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronnym	innostronny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innostronnym	innostronny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innostronnym	innostronny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innościach	inność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innościami	inność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innością	inność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inności	inność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inności	inność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inności	inność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inności	inność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inności	inność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innościom	inność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inność	inność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inność	inność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innoświatowościach	innoświatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowościami	innoświatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowością	innoświatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowości	innoświatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowości	innoświatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowości	innoświatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowości	innoświatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowości	innoświatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowościom	innoświatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowość	innoświatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowość	innoświatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoświatowa	innoświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
innoświatową	innoświatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
innoświatową	innoświatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
innoświatowego	innoświatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
innoświatowego	innoświatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowe	innoświatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowe	innoświatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowe	innoświatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
innoświatowe	innoświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
innoświatowej	innoświatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
innoświatowej	innoświatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
innoświatowej	innoświatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
innoświatowemu	innoświatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowi	innoświatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
innoświatowo	innoświatowy	adja		daw.
innoświatowych	innoświatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
innoświatowych	innoświatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowych	innoświatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowy	innoświatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
innoświatowy	innoświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
innoświatowymi	innoświatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowym	innoświatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowym	innoświatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoświatowym	innoświatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innowacjach	innowacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacja	innowacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacjami	innowacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacją	innowacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacje	innowacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowację	innowacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacji	innowacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
innowacji	innowacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacji	innowacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacjo	innowacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacjom	innowacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyj	innowacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
innowacyjnie	innowacyjnie	adv:pos		
innowacyjnościach	innowacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjnościami	innowacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjnością	innowacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjności	innowacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjności	innowacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjności	innowacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjności	innowacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjności	innowacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjnościom	innowacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjność	innowacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjność	innowacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowacyjna	innowacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innowacyjną	innowacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innowacyjną	innowacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innowacyjnego	innowacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innowacyjnego	innowacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowacyjne	innowacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjne	innowacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjne	innowacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innowacyjne	innowacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innowacyjnej	innowacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innowacyjnej	innowacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innowacyjnej	innowacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innowacyjnemu	innowacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowacyjni	innowacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innowacyjno	innowacyjny	adja		
innowacyjnych	innowacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innowacyjnych	innowacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjnych	innowacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjny	innowacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innowacyjny	innowacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innowacyjnymi	innowacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjnym	innowacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowacyjnym	innowacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowacyjnym	innowacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowatorach	innowator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatora	innowator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorami	innowator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorem	innowator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowator	innowator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorom	innowator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorowi	innowator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorów	innowator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatory	innowator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorze	innowator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorze	innowator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorzy	innowator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorscy	innowatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innowatorska	innowatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innowatorską	innowatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innowatorską	innowatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innowatorskich	innowatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innowatorskich	innowatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskich	innowatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskiego	innowatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innowatorskiego	innowatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowatorskie	innowatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskie	innowatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskie	innowatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innowatorskie	innowatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innowatorskiej	innowatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innowatorskiej	innowatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innowatorskiej	innowatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innowatorskiemu	innowatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowatorski	innowatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innowatorski	innowatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innowatorskimi	innowatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskim	innowatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowatorskim	innowatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowatorskim	innowatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowatorsko	innowatorski	adja		
innowatorsku	innowatorski	adjp		
innowatorsko	innowatorsko	adv:pos		
innowatorskościach	innowatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskościami	innowatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskością	innowatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskości	innowatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskości	innowatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskości	innowatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskości	innowatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskości	innowatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskościom	innowatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskość	innowatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowatorskość	innowatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercach	innowierca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowierca	innowierca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercami	innowierca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercą	innowierca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowierce	innowierca	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercę	innowierca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowierco	innowierca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercom	innowierca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowierców	innowierca	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercy	innowierca	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercy	innowierca	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercy	innowierca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczościach	innowierczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczościami	innowierczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczością	innowierczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczości	innowierczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczości	innowierczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczości	innowierczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczości	innowierczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczości	innowierczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczościom	innowierczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczość	innowierczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowierczość	innowierczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
innowiercza	innowierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innowierczą	innowierczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innowierczą	innowierczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innowierczego	innowierczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innowierczego	innowierczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowiercze	innowierczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowiercze	innowierczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowiercze	innowierczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innowiercze	innowierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innowierczej	innowierczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innowierczej	innowierczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innowierczej	innowierczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innowierczemu	innowierczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowierczo	innowierczy	adja		
innowierczych	innowierczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innowierczych	innowierczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowierczych	innowierczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowierczy	innowierczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innowierczy	innowierczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innowierczy	innowierczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innowierczymi	innowierczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowierczym	innowierczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innowierczym	innowierczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowierczym	innowierczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innowierstwach	innowierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwa	innowierstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwa	innowierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwami	innowierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwem	innowierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwie	innowierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstw	innowierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwo	innowierstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwom	innowierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innowierstwu	innowierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
innoziemscy	innoziemski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
innoziemska	innoziemski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
innoziemską	innoziemski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
innoziemską	innoziemski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
innoziemskich	innoziemski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
innoziemskich	innoziemski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskich	innoziemski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskiego	innoziemski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
innoziemskiego	innoziemski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskie	innoziemski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskie	innoziemski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskie	innoziemski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
innoziemskie	innoziemski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
innoziemskiej	innoziemski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
innoziemskiej	innoziemski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
innoziemskiej	innoziemski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
innoziemskiemu	innoziemski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoziemski	innoziemski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
innoziemski	innoziemski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
innoziemskimi	innoziemski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskim	innoziemski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskim	innoziemski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoziemskim	innoziemski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
innoziemsko	innoziemski	adja		daw.
innoziemsku	innoziemski	adjp		daw.
innoziemsko	innoziemsko	adv:pos		daw.
innoziemskościach	innoziemskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskościami	innoziemskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskością	innoziemskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskości	innoziemskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskości	innoziemskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskości	innoziemskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskości	innoziemskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskości	innoziemskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskościom	innoziemskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskość	innoziemskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innoziemskość	innoziemskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
innsbruccy	innsbrucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
innsbrucka	innsbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
innsbrucką	innsbrucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
innsbrucką	innsbrucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innsbruckich	innsbrucki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innsbruckich	innsbrucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckich	innsbrucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckiego	innsbrucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innsbruckiego	innsbrucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innsbruckie	innsbrucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckie	innsbrucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckie	innsbrucki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
innsbruckie	innsbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innsbruckiej	innsbrucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innsbruckiej	innsbrucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innsbruckiej	innsbrucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innsbruckiemu	innsbrucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innsbrucki	innsbrucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
innsbrucki	innsbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innsbruckimi	innsbrucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckim	innsbrucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innsbruckim	innsbrucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innsbruckim	innsbrucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innsbrucko	innsbrucki	adja		
innsbrucku	innsbrucki	adjp		
innsbrucko	innsbrucko	adv:pos		
innsbruckościach	innsbruckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckościami	innsbruckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckością	innsbruckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckości	innsbruckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckości	innsbruckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckości	innsbruckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckości	innsbruckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckości	innsbruckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckościom	innsbruckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckość	innsbruckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
innsbruckość	innsbruckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
in	inny	brev:pun		
inna	inny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inną	inny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inną	inny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
innego	inny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
innego	inny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inne	inny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inne	inny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inne	inny:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inne	inny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
innej	inny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
innej	inny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
innej	inny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
innemu	inny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inni	inny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inno	inny:a	adja		
innych	inny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
innych	inny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innych	inny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inny	inny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inny	inny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
innymi	inny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innym	inny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
innym	inny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innym	inny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
innego	inny:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inne	inny:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
innemu	inny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inni	inny:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innych	inny:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innych	inny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inny	inny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inny	inny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innymi	inny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innym	inny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innym	inny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
innym	inny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ino	ino	qub		gwar.
inoceramach	inoceram	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inocerama	inoceram	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramami	inoceram	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramem	inoceram	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramie	inoceram	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramie	inoceram	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceram	inoceram	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramom	inoceram	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramowi	inoceram	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramów	inoceram	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inoceramy	inoceram	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodziec	inochodziec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcach	inochodziec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźca	inochodziec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcami	inochodziec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźce	inochodziec	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcem	inochodziec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcom	inochodziec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcowi	inochodziec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźców	inochodziec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcu	inochodziec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodźcu	inochodziec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inochodach	inochód	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodami	inochód	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodem	inochód	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodom	inochód	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodowi	inochód	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodów	inochód	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodu	inochód	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochody	inochód	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodzie	inochód	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochodzie	inochód	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inochód	inochód	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzcy	inowłodzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inowłodzka	inowłodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inowłodzką	inowłodzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inowłodzką	inowłodzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inowłodzkich	inowłodzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inowłodzkich	inowłodzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkich	inowłodzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkiego	inowłodzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inowłodzkiego	inowłodzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowłodzkie	inowłodzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkie	inowłodzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkie	inowłodzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inowłodzkie	inowłodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inowłodzkiej	inowłodzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inowłodzkiej	inowłodzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inowłodzkiej	inowłodzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inowłodzkiemu	inowłodzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowłodzki	inowłodzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inowłodzki	inowłodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inowłodzkimi	inowłodzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkim	inowłodzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowłodzkim	inowłodzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowłodzkim	inowłodzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowłodzko	inowłodzki	adja		
inowłodzku	inowłodzki	adjp		
inowłodzko	inowłodzko	adv:pos		
inowłodzkościach	inowłodzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkościami	inowłodzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkością	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkości	inowłodzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkości	inowłodzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkości	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkości	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkości	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkościom	inowłodzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkość	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowłodzkość	inowłodzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławscy	inowrocławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inowrocławska	inowrocławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inowrocławską	inowrocławski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inowrocławską	inowrocławski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inowrocławskich	inowrocławski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inowrocławskich	inowrocławski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskich	inowrocławski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskiego	inowrocławski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inowrocławskiego	inowrocławski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowrocławskie	inowrocławski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskie	inowrocławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskie	inowrocławski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inowrocławskie	inowrocławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inowrocławskiej	inowrocławski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inowrocławskiej	inowrocławski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inowrocławskiej	inowrocławski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inowrocławskiemu	inowrocławski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowrocławski	inowrocławski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inowrocławski	inowrocławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inowrocławskimi	inowrocławski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskim	inowrocławski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inowrocławskim	inowrocławski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowrocławskim	inowrocławski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inowrocławsko	inowrocławski	adja		
inowrocławsku	inowrocławski	adjp		
inowrocławsko	inowrocławsko	adv:pos		
inowrocławskościach	inowrocławskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskościami	inowrocławskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskością	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskości	inowrocławskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskości	inowrocławskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskości	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskości	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskości	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskościom	inowrocławskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskość	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inowrocławskość	inowrocławskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inozycie	inozyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozycie	inozyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytach	inozyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytami	inozyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytem	inozyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozyt	inozyt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytom	inozyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytowi	inozyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytów	inozyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytu	inozyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozyty	inozyt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolach	inozytol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolami	inozytol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytole	inozytol	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolem	inozytol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytoli	inozytol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytol	inozytol	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolom	inozytol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolowi	inozytol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolów	inozytol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolu	inozytol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolu	inozytol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inozytolu	inozytol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insbruccy	insbrucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insbrucka	insbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insbrucką	insbrucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insbrucką	insbrucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insbruckich	insbrucki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insbruckich	insbrucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckich	insbrucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckiego	insbrucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insbruckiego	insbrucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insbruckie	insbrucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckie	insbrucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckie	insbrucki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insbruckie	insbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insbruckiej	insbrucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insbruckiej	insbrucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insbruckiej	insbrucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insbruckiemu	insbrucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insbrucki	insbrucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insbrucki	insbrucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insbruckimi	insbrucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckim	insbrucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insbruckim	insbrucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insbruckim	insbrucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insbrucko	insbrucki	adja		
insbrucku	insbrucki	adjp		
insbrucko	insbrucko	adv:pos		
insbruckościach	insbruckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckościami	insbruckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckością	insbruckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckości	insbruckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckości	insbruckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckości	insbruckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckości	insbruckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckości	insbruckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckościom	insbruckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckość	insbruckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insbruckość	insbruckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacjach	inscenizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacja	inscenizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacjami	inscenizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacją	inscenizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacje	inscenizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizację	inscenizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacji	inscenizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inscenizacji	inscenizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacji	inscenizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacjo	inscenizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacjom	inscenizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyj	inscenizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inscenizacyjnie	inscenizacyjnie	adv:pos		
inscenizacyjnościach	inscenizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjnościami	inscenizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjnością	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjności	inscenizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjności	inscenizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjności	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjności	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjności	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjnościom	inscenizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjność	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjność	inscenizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizacyjna	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inscenizacyjną	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inscenizacyjną	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inscenizacyjnego	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inscenizacyjnego	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizacyjne	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjne	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjne	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inscenizacyjne	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inscenizacyjnej	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inscenizacyjnej	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inscenizacyjnej	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inscenizacyjnemu	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizacyjni	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inscenizacyjno	inscenizacyjny	adja		
inscenizacyjnych	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inscenizacyjnych	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjnych	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjny	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inscenizacyjny	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inscenizacyjnymi	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjnym	inscenizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizacyjnym	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizacyjnym	inscenizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizatorach	inscenizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatora	inscenizator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorami	inscenizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorem	inscenizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizator	inscenizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorom	inscenizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorowi	inscenizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorów	inscenizator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatory	inscenizator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorze	inscenizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorze	inscenizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorzy	inscenizator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorce	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorek	inscenizatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorkach	inscenizatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorka	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorkami	inscenizatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorką	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorkę	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorki	inscenizatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorki	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorko	inscenizatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorkom	inscenizatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorscy	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inscenizatorska	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inscenizatorską	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inscenizatorską	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inscenizatorskich	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inscenizatorskich	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskich	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskiego	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inscenizatorskiego	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizatorskie	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskie	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskie	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inscenizatorskie	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inscenizatorskiej	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inscenizatorskiej	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inscenizatorskiej	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inscenizatorskiemu	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizatorski	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inscenizatorski	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inscenizatorskimi	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskim	inscenizatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inscenizatorskim	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizatorskim	inscenizatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inscenizatorsko	inscenizatorski	adja		
inscenizatorsku	inscenizatorski	adjp		
inscenizatorsko	inscenizatorsko	adv:pos		
inscenizatorskościach	inscenizatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskościami	inscenizatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskością	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskości	inscenizatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskości	inscenizatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskości	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskości	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskości	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskościom	inscenizatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskość	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizatorskość	inscenizatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inscenizować	inscenizować	inf:imperf		
inscenizowaliby	inscenizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inscenizowalibyście	inscenizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inscenizowalibyśmy	inscenizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inscenizowali	inscenizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inscenizowali	inscenizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inscenizowaliście	inscenizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inscenizowaliśmy	inscenizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałaby	inscenizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałabym	inscenizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałabyś	inscenizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inscenizowała	inscenizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inscenizowała	inscenizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałam	inscenizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałaś	inscenizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inscenizowałby	inscenizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałbym	inscenizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałbyś	inscenizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inscenizowałem	inscenizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałeś	inscenizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inscenizował	inscenizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inscenizował	inscenizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałoby	inscenizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałobym	inscenizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałobyś	inscenizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inscenizowało	inscenizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inscenizowało	inscenizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałom	inscenizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inscenizowałoś	inscenizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inscenizowałyby	inscenizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałybyście	inscenizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inscenizowałybyśmy	inscenizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inscenizowały	inscenizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inscenizowały	inscenizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inscenizowałyście	inscenizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inscenizowałyśmy	inscenizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inscenizowana	inscenizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaną	inscenizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanego	inscenizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanego	inscenizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowane	inscenizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowane	inscenizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanej	inscenizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanemu	inscenizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaniach	inscenizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowania	inscenizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowania	inscenizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaniami	inscenizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanie	inscenizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaniem	inscenizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowani	inscenizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaniom	inscenizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowaniu	inscenizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowano	inscenizować	imps:imperf		
inscenizowanych	inscenizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanych	inscenizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowany	inscenizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inscenizowany	inscenizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanymi	inscenizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanym	inscenizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowanym	inscenizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizowań	inscenizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizująca	inscenizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizującą	inscenizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizującego	inscenizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inscenizującego	inscenizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizujące	inscenizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizujące	inscenizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inscenizującej	inscenizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inscenizującemu	inscenizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizując	inscenizować	pcon:imperf		
inscenizująco	inscenizować	pacta		
inscenizujących	inscenizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inscenizujących	inscenizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizujący	inscenizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inscenizujący	inscenizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inscenizujący	inscenizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inscenizującymi	inscenizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizującym	inscenizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizującym	inscenizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inscenizują	inscenizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inscenizujcie	inscenizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inscenizujecie	inscenizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inscenizuje	inscenizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inscenizujemy	inscenizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inscenizujesz	inscenizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inscenizuję	inscenizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inscenizuj	inscenizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inscenizujmy	inscenizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
insekcie	insekt	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insekcie	insekt	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektach	insekt	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insekta	insekt	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektami	insekt	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektem	insekt	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insekt	insekt	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektom	insekt	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektowi	insekt	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektów	insekt	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insekty	insekt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
insektariach	insektarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektaria	insektarium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektariami	insektarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektariom	insektarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektariów	insektarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektarium	insektarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektarium	insektarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektarium	insektarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektarium	insektarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektarium	insektarium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczościach	insektobójczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczościami	insektobójczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczością	insektobójczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczości	insektobójczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczości	insektobójczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczości	insektobójczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczości	insektobójczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczości	insektobójczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczościom	insektobójczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczość	insektobójczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójczość	insektobójczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insektobójcza	insektobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insektobójczą	insektobójczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insektobójczą	insektobójczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insektobójczego	insektobójczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insektobójczego	insektobójczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insektobójcze	insektobójczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójcze	insektobójczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójcze	insektobójczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insektobójcze	insektobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insektobójczej	insektobójczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insektobójczej	insektobójczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insektobójczej	insektobójczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insektobójczemu	insektobójczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insektobójczo	insektobójczy	adja		
insektobójczych	insektobójczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insektobójczych	insektobójczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójczych	insektobójczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójczy	insektobójczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insektobójczy	insektobójczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insektobójczy	insektobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insektobójczymi	insektobójczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójczym	insektobójczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insektobójczym	insektobójczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insektobójczym	insektobójczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insektofungicydach	insektofungicyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydami	insektofungicyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydem	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicyd	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydom	insektofungicyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydowi	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydów	insektofungicyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydu	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydy	insektofungicyd	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydzie	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektofungicydzie	insektofungicyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydach	insektycyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydami	insektycyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydem	insektycyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycyd	insektycyd	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydom	insektycyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydowi	insektycyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydów	insektycyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydu	insektycyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydy	insektycyd	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydzie	insektycyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insektycydzie	insektycyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacjach	inseminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacja	inseminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacjami	inseminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacją	inseminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacje	inseminacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminację	inseminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacji	inseminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inseminacji	inseminacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacji	inseminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacjo	inseminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacjom	inseminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyj	inseminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inseminacyjnościach	inseminacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjnościami	inseminacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjnością	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjności	inseminacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjności	inseminacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjności	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjności	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjności	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjnościom	inseminacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjność	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjność	inseminacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inseminacyjna	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inseminacyjną	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inseminacyjną	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inseminacyjnego	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inseminacyjnego	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inseminacyjne	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjne	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjne	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inseminacyjne	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inseminacyjnej	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inseminacyjnej	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inseminacyjnej	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inseminacyjnemu	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inseminacyjni	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inseminacyjno	inseminacyjny	adja		
inseminacyjnych	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inseminacyjnych	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjnych	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjny	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inseminacyjny	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inseminacyjnymi	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjnym	inseminacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inseminacyjnym	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inseminacyjnym	inseminacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inseminatorach	inseminator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatora	inseminator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorami	inseminator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorem	inseminator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminator	inseminator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorom	inseminator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorowi	inseminator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorów	inseminator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatory	inseminator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorze	inseminator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorze	inseminator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminatorzy	inseminator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inseminować	inseminować	inf:imperf		
inseminowaliby	inseminować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inseminowalibyście	inseminować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inseminowalibyśmy	inseminować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inseminowali	inseminować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inseminowali	inseminować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inseminowaliście	inseminować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inseminowaliśmy	inseminować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inseminowałaby	inseminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inseminowałabym	inseminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inseminowałabyś	inseminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inseminowała	inseminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inseminowała	inseminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inseminowałam	inseminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inseminowałaś	inseminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inseminowałby	inseminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inseminowałbym	inseminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inseminowałbyś	inseminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inseminowałem	inseminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inseminowałeś	inseminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inseminował	inseminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inseminował	inseminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inseminowałoby	inseminować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inseminowałobym	inseminować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inseminowałobyś	inseminować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inseminowało	inseminować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inseminowało	inseminować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inseminowałom	inseminować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inseminowałoś	inseminować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inseminowałyby	inseminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inseminowałybyście	inseminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inseminowałybyśmy	inseminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inseminowały	inseminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inseminowały	inseminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inseminowałyście	inseminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inseminowałyśmy	inseminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inseminowana	inseminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inseminowaną	inseminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inseminowanego	inseminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inseminowanego	inseminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowane	inseminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowane	inseminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowanej	inseminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inseminowanemu	inseminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowaniach	inseminować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowania	inseminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowania	inseminować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowaniami	inseminować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowanie	inseminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowaniem	inseminować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowani	inseminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inseminowaniom	inseminować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowaniu	inseminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminowano	inseminować	imps:imperf		
inseminowanych	inseminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inseminowanych	inseminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowany	inseminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inseminowany	inseminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inseminowanymi	inseminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowanym	inseminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowanym	inseminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminowań	inseminować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inseminująca	inseminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inseminującą	inseminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inseminującego	inseminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inseminującego	inseminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminujące	inseminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminujące	inseminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inseminującej	inseminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inseminującemu	inseminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminując	inseminować	pcon:imperf		
inseminująco	inseminować	pacta		
inseminujących	inseminować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inseminujących	inseminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminujący	inseminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inseminujący	inseminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inseminujący	inseminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inseminującymi	inseminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminującym	inseminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inseminującym	inseminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inseminują	inseminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inseminujcie	inseminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inseminujecie	inseminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inseminuje	inseminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inseminujemy	inseminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inseminujesz	inseminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inseminuję	inseminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inseminuj	inseminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inseminujmy	inseminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inseracie	inserat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseracie	inserat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratach	inserat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratami	inserat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratem	inserat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inserat	inserat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratom	inserat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratowi	inserat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratów	inserat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseratu	inserat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inseraty	inserat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercjach	insercja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercja	insercja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercjami	insercja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercją	insercja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercje	insercja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercję	insercja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercji	insercja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
insercji	insercja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercji	insercja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercjo	insercja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercjom	insercja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
insercyj	insercja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
inserować	inserować	inf:imperf		daw.
inserowaliby	inserować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowalibyście	inserować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowalibyśmy	inserować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowali	inserować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inserowali	inserować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowaliście	inserować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowaliśmy	inserować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałaby	inserować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałabym	inserować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałabyś	inserować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowała	inserować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inserowała	inserować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałam	inserować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałaś	inserować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowałby	inserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałbym	inserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałbyś	inserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowałem	inserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałeś	inserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inserował	inserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inserował	inserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałoby	inserować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałobym	inserować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałobyś	inserować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowało	inserować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inserowało	inserować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałom	inserować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowałoś	inserować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowałyby	inserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałybyście	inserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowałybyśmy	inserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowały	inserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inserowały	inserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inserowałyście	inserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inserowałyśmy	inserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inserowana	inserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inserowaną	inserować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inserowanego	inserować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inserowanego	inserować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserowane	inserować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserowane	inserować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inserowanej	inserować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inserowanemu	inserować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserowaniach	inserować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inserowania	inserować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inserowania	inserować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inserowaniami	inserować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inserowanie	inserować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inserowaniem	inserować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inserowani	inserować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inserowaniom	inserować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inserowaniu	inserować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inserowano	inserować	imps:imperf		daw.
inserowanych	inserować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inserowanych	inserować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserowany	inserować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inserowany	inserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inserowanymi	inserować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserowanym	inserować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserowanym	inserować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserowań	inserować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inserująca	inserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inserującą	inserować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inserującego	inserować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inserującego	inserować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserujące	inserować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserujące	inserować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inserującej	inserować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inserującemu	inserować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserując	inserować	pcon:imperf		daw.
inserująco	inserować	pacta		
inserujących	inserować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inserujących	inserować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserujący	inserować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inserujący	inserować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inserujący	inserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inserującymi	inserować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserującym	inserować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inserującym	inserować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inserują	inserować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inserujcie	inserować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inserujecie	inserować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inseruje	inserować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inserujemy	inserować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inserujesz	inserować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inseruję	inserować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inseruj	inserować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inserujmy	inserować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
insercie	insert	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insercie	insert	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertach	insert	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertami	insert	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertem	insert	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insert	insert	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertom	insert	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertowi	insert	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertów	insert	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
insertu	insert	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inserty	insert	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcjach	inskrypcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcja	inskrypcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcjami	inskrypcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcją	inskrypcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcje	inskrypcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcję	inskrypcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcji	inskrypcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inskrypcji	inskrypcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcji	inskrypcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcjo	inskrypcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcjom	inskrypcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyj	inskrypcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inskrypcyjnościach	inskrypcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjnościami	inskrypcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjnością	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjności	inskrypcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjności	inskrypcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjności	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjności	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjności	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjnościom	inskrypcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjność	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjność	inskrypcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inskrypcyjna	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inskrypcyjną	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inskrypcyjną	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inskrypcyjnego	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inskrypcyjnego	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inskrypcyjne	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjne	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjne	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inskrypcyjne	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inskrypcyjnej	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inskrypcyjnej	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inskrypcyjnej	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inskrypcyjnemu	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inskrypcyjni	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inskrypcyjno	inskrypcyjny	adja		
inskrypcyjnych	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inskrypcyjnych	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjnych	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjny	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inskrypcyjny	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inskrypcyjnymi	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjnym	inskrypcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inskrypcyjnym	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inskrypcyjnym	inskrypcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insolacjach	insolacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacja	insolacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacjami	insolacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacją	insolacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacje	insolacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolację	insolacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacji	insolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
insolacji	insolacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacji	insolacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacjo	insolacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacjom	insolacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyj	insolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
insolacyjnościach	insolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjnościami	insolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjnością	insolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjności	insolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjności	insolacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjności	insolacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjności	insolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjności	insolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjnościom	insolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjność	insolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjność	insolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insolacyjna	insolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insolacyjną	insolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insolacyjną	insolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insolacyjnego	insolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insolacyjnego	insolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insolacyjne	insolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjne	insolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjne	insolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insolacyjne	insolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insolacyjnej	insolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insolacyjnej	insolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insolacyjnej	insolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insolacyjnemu	insolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insolacyjni	insolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insolacyjno	insolacyjny	adja		
insolacyjnych	insolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insolacyjnych	insolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjnych	insolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjny	insolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insolacyjny	insolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insolacyjnymi	insolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjnym	insolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insolacyjnym	insolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insolacyjnym	insolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insolwencjach	insolwencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencja	insolwencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencjami	insolwencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencją	insolwencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencje	insolwencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencję	insolwencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencji	insolwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
insolwencji	insolwencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencji	insolwencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencjo	insolwencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencjom	insolwencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencyj	insolwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
insolwencie	insolwent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwencie	insolwent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwenci	insolwent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentach	insolwent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwenta	insolwent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentami	insolwent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentem	insolwent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwent	insolwent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentom	insolwent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentowi	insolwent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwentów	insolwent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insolwenty	insolwent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspekcjach	inspekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcja	inspekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcjami	inspekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcją	inspekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcje	inspekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcję	inspekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcji	inspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inspekcji	inspekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcji	inspekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcjo	inspekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcjom	inspekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyj	inspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inspekcjonować	inspekcjonować	inf:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowaliby	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowalibyście	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowalibyśmy	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowali	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowali	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowaliście	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowaliśmy	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałaby	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałabym	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałabyś	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowała	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowała	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałam	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałaś	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałby	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałbym	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałbyś	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałem	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałeś	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonował	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonował	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałoby	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałobym	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałobyś	inspekcjonować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowało	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowało	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałom	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałoś	inspekcjonować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałyby	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałybyście	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałybyśmy	inspekcjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowały	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowały	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałyście	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowałyśmy	inspekcjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowana	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaną	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanego	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanego	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowane	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowane	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanej	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanemu	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaniach	inspekcjonować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowania	inspekcjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowania	inspekcjonować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaniami	inspekcjonować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanie	inspekcjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaniem	inspekcjonować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowani	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaniom	inspekcjonować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowaniu	inspekcjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowano	inspekcjonować	imps:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonowanych	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanych	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowany	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowany	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanymi	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanym	inspekcjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowanym	inspekcjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowań	inspekcjonować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
inspekcjonowawszy	inspekcjonować	pant:perf		
inspekcjonująca	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującą	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującego	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującego	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujące	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujące	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującej	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującemu	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonując	inspekcjonować	pcon:imperf		
inspekcjonująco	inspekcjonować	pacta		
inspekcjonujących	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujących	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujący	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujący	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonujący	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującymi	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującym	inspekcjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonującym	inspekcjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspekcjonują	inspekcjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonujcie	inspekcjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonujecie	inspekcjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonuje	inspekcjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonujemy	inspekcjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonujesz	inspekcjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonuję	inspekcjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonuj	inspekcjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
inspekcjonujmy	inspekcjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
inspekcyjnościach	inspekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjnościami	inspekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjnością	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjności	inspekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjności	inspekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjności	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjności	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjności	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjnościom	inspekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjność	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjność	inspekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspekcyjna	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspekcyjną	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspekcyjną	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspekcyjnego	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspekcyjnego	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspekcyjne	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjne	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjne	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspekcyjne	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspekcyjnej	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspekcyjnej	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspekcyjnej	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspekcyjnemu	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspekcyjni	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspekcyjno	inspekcyjny	adja		
inspekcyjnych	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspekcyjnych	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjnych	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjny	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspekcyjny	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspekcyjnymi	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjnym	inspekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspekcyjnym	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspekcyjnym	inspekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspekcie	inspekt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspekcie	inspekt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektach	inspekt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspekta	inspekt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektami	inspekt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektem	inspekt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspekt	inspekt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektom	inspekt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektowi	inspekt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektów	inspekt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektu	inspekt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspekty	inspekt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inspektorach	inspektor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektora	inspektor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorami	inspektor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorem	inspektor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektor	inspektor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorom	inspektor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorowie	inspektor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorowi	inspektor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorów	inspektor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektory	inspektor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorze	inspektor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorze	inspektor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorzy	inspektor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoracie	inspektorat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoracie	inspektorat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratach	inspektorat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratami	inspektorat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratem	inspektorat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorat	inspektorat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratom	inspektorat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratowi	inspektorat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratów	inspektorat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoratu	inspektorat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoraty	inspektorat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inspektoriacie	inspektoriat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriacie	inspektoriat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatach	inspektoriat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatami	inspektoriat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatem	inspektoriat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriat	inspektoriat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatom	inspektoriat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatowi	inspektoriat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatów	inspektoriat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriatu	inspektoriat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektoriaty	inspektoriat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inspektorce	inspektorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorek	inspektorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorkach	inspektorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorka	inspektorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorkami	inspektorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorką	inspektorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorkę	inspektorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorki	inspektorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorki	inspektorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorko	inspektorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorkom	inspektorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorować	inspektorować	inf:imperf		
inspektorowaliby	inspektorować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inspektorowalibyście	inspektorować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inspektorowalibyśmy	inspektorować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inspektorowali	inspektorować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inspektorowali	inspektorować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inspektorowaliście	inspektorować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inspektorowaliśmy	inspektorować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałaby	inspektorować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałabym	inspektorować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałabyś	inspektorować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inspektorowała	inspektorować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inspektorowała	inspektorować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałam	inspektorować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałaś	inspektorować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inspektorowałby	inspektorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałbym	inspektorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałbyś	inspektorować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inspektorowałem	inspektorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałeś	inspektorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inspektorował	inspektorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inspektorował	inspektorować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałoby	inspektorować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałobym	inspektorować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałobyś	inspektorować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inspektorowało	inspektorować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inspektorowało	inspektorować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałom	inspektorować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inspektorowałoś	inspektorować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inspektorowałyby	inspektorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałybyście	inspektorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inspektorowałybyśmy	inspektorować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inspektorowały	inspektorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inspektorowały	inspektorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inspektorowałyście	inspektorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inspektorowałyśmy	inspektorować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inspektorowaniach	inspektorować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowania	inspektorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowania	inspektorować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowaniami	inspektorować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowanie	inspektorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowaniem	inspektorować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowaniom	inspektorować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowaniu	inspektorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorowano	inspektorować	imps:imperf		
inspektorowań	inspektorować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorująca	inspektorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inspektorującą	inspektorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inspektorującego	inspektorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inspektorującego	inspektorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorujące	inspektorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorujące	inspektorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inspektorującej	inspektorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inspektorującemu	inspektorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorując	inspektorować	pcon:imperf		
inspektorująco	inspektorować	pacta		
inspektorujących	inspektorować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspektorujących	inspektorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorujący	inspektorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspektorujący	inspektorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inspektorujący	inspektorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inspektorującymi	inspektorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorującym	inspektorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorującym	inspektorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspektorują	inspektorować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inspektorujcie	inspektorować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inspektorujecie	inspektorować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inspektoruje	inspektorować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inspektorujemy	inspektorować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inspektorujesz	inspektorować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inspektoruję	inspektorować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inspektoruj	inspektorować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inspektorujmy	inspektorować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inspektorscy	inspektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspektorska	inspektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspektorską	inspektorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspektorską	inspektorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspektorskich	inspektorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspektorskich	inspektorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskich	inspektorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskiego	inspektorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspektorskiego	inspektorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektorskie	inspektorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskie	inspektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskie	inspektorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspektorskie	inspektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspektorskiej	inspektorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspektorskiej	inspektorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspektorskiej	inspektorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspektorskiemu	inspektorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektorski	inspektorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspektorski	inspektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspektorskimi	inspektorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskim	inspektorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektorskim	inspektorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektorskim	inspektorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektorsko	inspektorski	adja		
inspektorsku	inspektorski	adjp		
inspektorsko	inspektorsko	adv:pos		
inspektorskościach	inspektorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskościami	inspektorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskością	inspektorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskości	inspektorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskości	inspektorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskości	inspektorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskości	inspektorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskości	inspektorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskościom	inspektorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskość	inspektorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorskość	inspektorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwach	inspektorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwa	inspektorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwa	inspektorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwami	inspektorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwem	inspektorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwie	inspektorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstw	inspektorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwo	inspektorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwom	inspektorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektorstwu	inspektorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowościach	inspektowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowościami	inspektowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowością	inspektowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowości	inspektowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowości	inspektowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowości	inspektowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowości	inspektowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowości	inspektowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowościom	inspektowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowość	inspektowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowość	inspektowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspektowa	inspektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspektową	inspektowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspektową	inspektowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspektowego	inspektowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspektowego	inspektowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektowe	inspektowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowe	inspektowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowe	inspektowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspektowe	inspektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspektowej	inspektowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspektowej	inspektowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspektowej	inspektowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspektowemu	inspektowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektowi	inspektowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspektowo	inspektowy	adja		
inspektowych	inspektowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspektowych	inspektowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowych	inspektowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowy	inspektowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspektowy	inspektowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspektowymi	inspektowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowym	inspektowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspektowym	inspektowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspektowym	inspektowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspicjenccy	inspicjencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspicjencka	inspicjencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspicjencką	inspicjencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspicjencką	inspicjencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspicjenckich	inspicjencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspicjenckich	inspicjencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckich	inspicjencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckiego	inspicjencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspicjenckiego	inspicjencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspicjenckie	inspicjencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckie	inspicjencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckie	inspicjencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspicjenckie	inspicjencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspicjenckiej	inspicjencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspicjenckiej	inspicjencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspicjenckiej	inspicjencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspicjenckiemu	inspicjencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspicjencki	inspicjencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspicjencki	inspicjencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspicjenckimi	inspicjencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckim	inspicjencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspicjenckim	inspicjencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspicjenckim	inspicjencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspicjencko	inspicjencki	adja		
inspicjencku	inspicjencki	adjp		
inspicjencko	inspicjencko	adv:pos		
inspicjenckościach	inspicjenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckościami	inspicjenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckością	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckości	inspicjenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckości	inspicjenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckości	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckości	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckości	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckościom	inspicjenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckość	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenckość	inspicjenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjencie	inspicjent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjencie	inspicjent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenci	inspicjent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentach	inspicjent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenta	inspicjent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentami	inspicjent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentem	inspicjent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjent	inspicjent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentom	inspicjent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentowi	inspicjent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentów	inspicjent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenty	inspicjent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentce	inspicjentka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentek	inspicjentka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentkach	inspicjentka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentka	inspicjentka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentkami	inspicjentka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentką	inspicjentka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentkę	inspicjentka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentki	inspicjentka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentki	inspicjentka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentko	inspicjentka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentkom	inspicjentka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturach	inspicjentura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentura	inspicjentura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturami	inspicjentura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturą	inspicjentura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturę	inspicjentura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentur	inspicjentura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturo	inspicjentura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturom	inspicjentura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentury	inspicjentura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjentury	inspicjentura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspicjenturze	inspicjentura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracjach	inspiracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracja	inspiracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracjami	inspiracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracją	inspiracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracje	inspiracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirację	inspiracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracji	inspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inspiracji	inspiracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracji	inspiracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracjo	inspiracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracjom	inspiracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyj	inspiracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inspiracyjnościach	inspiracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjnościami	inspiracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjnością	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjności	inspiracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjności	inspiracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjności	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjności	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjności	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjnościom	inspiracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjność	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjność	inspiracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiracyjna	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspiracyjną	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspiracyjną	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspiracyjnego	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspiracyjnego	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiracyjne	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjne	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjne	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspiracyjne	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspiracyjnej	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspiracyjnej	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspiracyjnej	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspiracyjnemu	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiracyjni	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspiracyjno	inspiracyjny	adja		
inspiracyjnych	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspiracyjnych	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjnych	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjny	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspiracyjny	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspiracyjnymi	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjnym	inspiracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiracyjnym	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiracyjnym	inspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiratorach	inspirator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratora	inspirator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorami	inspirator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorem	inspirator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspirator	inspirator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorom	inspirator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorowi	inspirator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorów	inspirator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratory	inspirator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorze	inspirator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorze	inspirator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorzy	inspirator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorce	inspiratorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorek	inspiratorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorkach	inspiratorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorka	inspiratorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorkami	inspiratorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorką	inspiratorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorkę	inspiratorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorki	inspiratorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorki	inspiratorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorko	inspiratorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorkom	inspiratorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorscy	inspiratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspiratorska	inspiratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspiratorską	inspiratorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspiratorską	inspiratorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspiratorskich	inspiratorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspiratorskich	inspiratorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskich	inspiratorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskiego	inspiratorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspiratorskiego	inspiratorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiratorskie	inspiratorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskie	inspiratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskie	inspiratorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspiratorskie	inspiratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspiratorskiej	inspiratorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspiratorskiej	inspiratorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspiratorskiej	inspiratorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspiratorskiemu	inspiratorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiratorski	inspiratorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspiratorski	inspiratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspiratorskimi	inspiratorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskim	inspiratorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspiratorskim	inspiratorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiratorskim	inspiratorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspiratorsko	inspiratorski	adja		
inspiratorsku	inspiratorski	adjp		
inspiratorsko	inspiratorsko	adv:pos		
inspiratorskościach	inspiratorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskościami	inspiratorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskością	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskości	inspiratorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskości	inspiratorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskości	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskości	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskości	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskościom	inspiratorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskość	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspiratorskość	inspiratorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirować	inspirować	inf:imperf		
inspirowaliby	inspirować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inspirowalibyście	inspirować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inspirowalibyśmy	inspirować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inspirowali	inspirować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inspirowali	inspirować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inspirowaliście	inspirować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inspirowaliśmy	inspirować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inspirowałaby	inspirować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inspirowałabym	inspirować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inspirowałabyś	inspirować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inspirowała	inspirować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inspirowała	inspirować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inspirowałam	inspirować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inspirowałaś	inspirować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inspirowałby	inspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inspirowałbym	inspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inspirowałbyś	inspirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inspirowałem	inspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inspirowałeś	inspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inspirował	inspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inspirował	inspirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inspirowałoby	inspirować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inspirowałobym	inspirować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inspirowałobyś	inspirować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inspirowało	inspirować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inspirowało	inspirować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inspirowałom	inspirować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inspirowałoś	inspirować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inspirowałyby	inspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inspirowałybyście	inspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inspirowałybyśmy	inspirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inspirowały	inspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inspirowały	inspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inspirowałyście	inspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inspirowałyśmy	inspirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inspirowana	inspirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inspirowaną	inspirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inspirowanego	inspirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inspirowanego	inspirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowane	inspirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowane	inspirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowanej	inspirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inspirowanemu	inspirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowaniach	inspirować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowania	inspirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowania	inspirować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowaniami	inspirować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowanie	inspirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowaniem	inspirować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowani	inspirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspirowaniom	inspirować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowaniu	inspirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirowano	inspirować	imps:imperf		
inspirowanych	inspirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspirowanych	inspirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowany	inspirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inspirowany	inspirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inspirowanymi	inspirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowanym	inspirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowanym	inspirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirowań	inspirować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inspirująca	inspirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inspirującą	inspirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inspirującego	inspirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inspirującego	inspirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirujące	inspirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirujące	inspirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inspirującej	inspirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inspirującemu	inspirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirując	inspirować	pcon:imperf		
inspirująco	inspirować	pacta		
inspirujących	inspirować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspirujących	inspirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirujący	inspirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inspirujący	inspirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inspirujący	inspirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inspirującymi	inspirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirującym	inspirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inspirującym	inspirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inspirują	inspirować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inspirujcie	inspirować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inspirujecie	inspirować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inspiruje	inspirować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inspirujemy	inspirować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inspirujesz	inspirować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inspiruję	inspirować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inspiruj	inspirować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inspirujmy	inspirować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inspirująco	inspirująco	adv:pos		
inspirującościach	inspirującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującościami	inspirującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującością	inspirującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującości	inspirującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującości	inspirującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującości	inspirującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującości	inspirującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującości	inspirującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującościom	inspirującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującość	inspirującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirującość	inspirującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inspirująca	inspirujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inspirującą	inspirujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inspirującą	inspirujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inspirującego	inspirujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inspirującego	inspirujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspirujące	inspirujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirujące	inspirujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirujące	inspirujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inspirujące	inspirujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inspirującej	inspirujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inspirującej	inspirujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inspirującej	inspirujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inspirującemu	inspirujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspirująco	inspirujący	adja		
inspirujących	inspirujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inspirujących	inspirujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirujących	inspirujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirujący	inspirujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inspirujący	inspirujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inspirujący	inspirujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inspirującymi	inspirujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirującym	inspirujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inspirującym	inspirujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inspirującym	inspirujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalacjach	instalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacja	instalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacjami	instalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacją	instalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacje	instalacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalację	instalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacji	instalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instalacji	instalacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacji	instalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacjo	instalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacjom	instalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyj	instalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instalacyjnościach	instalacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjnościami	instalacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjnością	instalacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjności	instalacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjności	instalacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjności	instalacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjności	instalacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjności	instalacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjnościom	instalacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjność	instalacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjność	instalacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalacyjna	instalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instalacyjną	instalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instalacyjną	instalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instalacyjnego	instalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instalacyjnego	instalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalacyjne	instalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjne	instalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjne	instalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instalacyjne	instalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instalacyjnej	instalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instalacyjnej	instalacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instalacyjnej	instalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instalacyjnemu	instalacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalacyjni	instalacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instalacyjno	instalacyjny	adja		
instalacyjnych	instalacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instalacyjnych	instalacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjnych	instalacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjny	instalacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instalacyjny	instalacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instalacyjnymi	instalacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjnym	instalacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalacyjnym	instalacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalacyjnym	instalacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalatorce	instalatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorek	instalatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorkach	instalatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorka	instalatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorkami	instalatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorką	instalatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorkę	instalatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorki	instalatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorki	instalatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorko	instalatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorkom	instalatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorach	instalator:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatora	instalator:s1	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorami	instalator:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorem	instalator:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalator	instalator:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorom	instalator:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorowi	instalator:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorów	instalator:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatory	instalator:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorze	instalator:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorze	instalator:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorzy	instalator:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorach	instalator:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatora	instalator:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorami	instalator:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorem	instalator:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalator	instalator:s2	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorom	instalator:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorowi	instalator:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorów	instalator:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatory	instalator:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorze	instalator:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorze	instalator:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorscy	instalatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instalatorska	instalatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instalatorską	instalatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instalatorską	instalatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instalatorskich	instalatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instalatorskich	instalatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskich	instalatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskiego	instalatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instalatorskiego	instalatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalatorskie	instalatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskie	instalatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskie	instalatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instalatorskie	instalatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instalatorskiej	instalatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instalatorskiej	instalatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instalatorskiej	instalatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instalatorskiemu	instalatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalatorski	instalatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instalatorski	instalatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instalatorskimi	instalatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskim	instalatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instalatorskim	instalatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalatorskim	instalatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instalatorsko	instalatorski	adja		
instalatorsku	instalatorski	adjp		
instalatorsko	instalatorsko	adv:pos		
instalatorskościach	instalatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskościami	instalatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskością	instalatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskości	instalatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskości	instalatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskości	instalatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskości	instalatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskości	instalatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskościom	instalatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskość	instalatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorskość	instalatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwach	instalatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwa	instalatorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwa	instalatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwami	instalatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwem	instalatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwie	instalatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstw	instalatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwo	instalatorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwom	instalatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalatorstwu	instalatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instalować	instalować	inf:imperf		
instalowaliby	instalować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instalowalibyście	instalować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instalowalibyśmy	instalować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instalowali	instalować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instalowali	instalować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instalowaliście	instalować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instalowaliśmy	instalować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instalowałaby	instalować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instalowałabym	instalować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instalowałabyś	instalować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instalowała	instalować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instalowała	instalować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instalowałam	instalować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instalowałaś	instalować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instalowałby	instalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instalowałbym	instalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instalowałbyś	instalować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instalowałem	instalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instalowałeś	instalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instalował	instalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instalował	instalować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instalowałoby	instalować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instalowałobym	instalować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instalowałobyś	instalować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instalowało	instalować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instalowało	instalować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instalowałom	instalować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instalowałoś	instalować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instalowałyby	instalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instalowałybyście	instalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instalowałybyśmy	instalować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instalowały	instalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instalowały	instalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instalowałyście	instalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instalowałyśmy	instalować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instalowana	instalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instalowaną	instalować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instalowanego	instalować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instalowanego	instalować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalowane	instalować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalowane	instalować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instalowanej	instalować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instalowanemu	instalować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalowaniach	instalować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instalowania	instalować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instalowania	instalować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instalowaniami	instalować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instalowanie	instalować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instalowaniem	instalować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instalowani	instalować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instalowaniom	instalować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instalowaniu	instalować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instalowano	instalować	imps:imperf		
instalowanych	instalować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instalowanych	instalować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalowany	instalować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instalowany	instalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instalowanymi	instalować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalowanym	instalować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalowanym	instalować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalowań	instalować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instalująca	instalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instalującą	instalować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instalującego	instalować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instalującego	instalować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalujące	instalować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalujące	instalować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instalującej	instalować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instalującemu	instalować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalując	instalować	pcon:imperf		
instalująco	instalować	pacta		
instalujących	instalować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instalujących	instalować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalujący	instalować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instalujący	instalować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instalujący	instalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instalującymi	instalować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalującym	instalować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instalującym	instalować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instalują	instalować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instalujcie	instalować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instalujecie	instalować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instaluje	instalować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instalujemy	instalować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instalujesz	instalować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instaluję	instalować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instaluj	instalować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instalujmy	instalować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instancjach	instancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancja	instancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancjami	instancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancją	instancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancje	instancja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancję	instancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancji	instancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instancji	instancja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancji	instancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancjo	instancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancjom	instancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyj	instancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instancjonalnie	instancjonalnie	adv:pos		
instancjonalnościach	instancjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalnościami	instancjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalnością	instancjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalności	instancjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalności	instancjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalności	instancjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalności	instancjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalności	instancjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalnościom	instancjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalność	instancjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalność	instancjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
instancjonalna	instancjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalną	instancjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalną	instancjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalnego	instancjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
instancjonalnego	instancjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalne	instancjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalne	instancjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalne	instancjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
instancjonalne	instancjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
instancjonalnej	instancjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalnej	instancjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalnej	instancjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
instancjonalnemu	instancjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalni	instancjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
instancjonalno	instancjonalny	adja		przest.
instancjonalnych	instancjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
instancjonalnych	instancjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalnych	instancjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalny	instancjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
instancjonalny	instancjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
instancjonalnymi	instancjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalnym	instancjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalnym	instancjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
instancjonalnym	instancjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
instancjonować	instancjonować	inf:imperf		daw.
instancjonowaliby	instancjonować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowalibyście	instancjonować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowalibyśmy	instancjonować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowali	instancjonować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
instancjonowali	instancjonować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowaliście	instancjonować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowaliśmy	instancjonować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałaby	instancjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałabym	instancjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałabyś	instancjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowała	instancjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
instancjonowała	instancjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałam	instancjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałaś	instancjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałby	instancjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałbym	instancjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałbyś	instancjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałem	instancjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałeś	instancjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonował	instancjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
instancjonował	instancjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałoby	instancjonować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałobym	instancjonować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałobyś	instancjonować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowało	instancjonować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
instancjonowało	instancjonować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałom	instancjonować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałoś	instancjonować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałyby	instancjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałybyście	instancjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałybyśmy	instancjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowały	instancjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
instancjonowały	instancjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałyście	instancjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonowałyśmy	instancjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonowaniach	instancjonować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowania	instancjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowania	instancjonować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowaniami	instancjonować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowanie	instancjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowaniem	instancjonować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowaniom	instancjonować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowaniu	instancjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonowano	instancjonować	imps:imperf		daw.
instancjonowań	instancjonować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonująca	instancjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instancjonującą	instancjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instancjonującego	instancjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instancjonującego	instancjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonujące	instancjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonujące	instancjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instancjonującej	instancjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instancjonującemu	instancjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonując	instancjonować	pcon:imperf		daw.
instancjonująco	instancjonować	pacta		
instancjonujących	instancjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instancjonujących	instancjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonujący	instancjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instancjonujący	instancjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instancjonujący	instancjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instancjonującymi	instancjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonującym	instancjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonującym	instancjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instancjonują	instancjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonujcie	instancjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonujecie	instancjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonuje	instancjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
instancjonujemy	instancjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonujesz	instancjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonuję	instancjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
instancjonuj	instancjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instancjonujmy	instancjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instancyjnie	instancyjnie	adv:pos		
instancyjnościach	instancyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjnościami	instancyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjnością	instancyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjności	instancyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjności	instancyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjności	instancyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjności	instancyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjności	instancyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjnościom	instancyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjność	instancyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjność	instancyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instancyjna	instancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instancyjną	instancyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instancyjną	instancyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instancyjnego	instancyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instancyjnego	instancyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instancyjne	instancyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjne	instancyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjne	instancyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instancyjne	instancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instancyjnej	instancyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instancyjnej	instancyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instancyjnej	instancyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instancyjnemu	instancyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instancyjni	instancyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instancyjno	instancyjny	adja		
instancyjnych	instancyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instancyjnych	instancyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjnych	instancyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjny	instancyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instancyjny	instancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instancyjnymi	instancyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjnym	instancyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instancyjnym	instancyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instancyjnym	instancyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instant	instant	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instant	instant	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instantyzacjach	instantyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacja	instantyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacjami	instantyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacją	instantyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacje	instantyzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzację	instantyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacji	instantyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instantyzacji	instantyzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacji	instantyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacjo	instantyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacjom	instantyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instantyzacyj	instantyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instantyzować	instantyzować	inf:imperf		
instantyzowaliby	instantyzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instantyzowalibyście	instantyzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instantyzowalibyśmy	instantyzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instantyzowali	instantyzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instantyzowali	instantyzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instantyzowaliście	instantyzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instantyzowaliśmy	instantyzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałaby	instantyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałabym	instantyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałabyś	instantyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instantyzowała	instantyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instantyzowała	instantyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałam	instantyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałaś	instantyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instantyzowałby	instantyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałbym	instantyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałbyś	instantyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instantyzowałem	instantyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałeś	instantyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instantyzował	instantyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instantyzował	instantyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałoby	instantyzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałobym	instantyzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałobyś	instantyzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instantyzowało	instantyzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instantyzowało	instantyzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałom	instantyzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instantyzowałoś	instantyzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instantyzowałyby	instantyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałybyście	instantyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instantyzowałybyśmy	instantyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instantyzowały	instantyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instantyzowały	instantyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instantyzowałyście	instantyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instantyzowałyśmy	instantyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instantyzowana	instantyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaną	instantyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanego	instantyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanego	instantyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowane	instantyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowane	instantyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanej	instantyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanemu	instantyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaniach	instantyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowania	instantyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowania	instantyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaniami	instantyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanie	instantyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaniem	instantyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowani	instantyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaniom	instantyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowaniu	instantyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowano	instantyzować	imps:imperf		
instantyzowanych	instantyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanych	instantyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowany	instantyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instantyzowany	instantyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanymi	instantyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanym	instantyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowanym	instantyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzowań	instantyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzująca	instantyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzującą	instantyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzującego	instantyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instantyzującego	instantyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzujące	instantyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzujące	instantyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instantyzującej	instantyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instantyzującemu	instantyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzując	instantyzować	pcon:imperf		
instantyzująco	instantyzować	pacta		
instantyzujących	instantyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instantyzujących	instantyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzujący	instantyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instantyzujący	instantyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instantyzujący	instantyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instantyzującymi	instantyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzującym	instantyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzującym	instantyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instantyzują	instantyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instantyzujcie	instantyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instantyzujecie	instantyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instantyzuje	instantyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instantyzujemy	instantyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instantyzujesz	instantyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instantyzuję	instantyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instantyzuj	instantyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instantyzujmy	instantyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instrukcjach	instrukcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcja	instrukcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcjami	instrukcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcją	instrukcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcje	instrukcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcję	instrukcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcji	instrukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instrukcji	instrukcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcji	instrukcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcjo	instrukcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcjom	instrukcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyj	instrukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instrukcyjnościach	instrukcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjnościami	instrukcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjnością	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjności	instrukcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjności	instrukcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjności	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjności	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjności	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjnościom	instrukcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjność	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjność	instrukcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrukcyjna	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrukcyjną	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrukcyjną	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrukcyjnego	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrukcyjnego	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrukcyjne	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjne	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjne	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrukcyjne	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrukcyjnej	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrukcyjnej	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrukcyjnej	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrukcyjnemu	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrukcyjni	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrukcyjno	instrukcyjny	adja		
instrukcyjnych	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrukcyjnych	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjnych	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjny	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrukcyjny	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrukcyjnymi	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjnym	instrukcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrukcyjnym	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrukcyjnym	instrukcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktarzach	instruktarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzach	instruktarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarza	instruktarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarza	instruktarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzami	instruktarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzami	instruktarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarze	instruktarz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarze	instruktarz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzem	instruktarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzem	instruktarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarz	instruktarz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarz	instruktarz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzom	instruktarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzom	instruktarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzowi	instruktarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzowi	instruktarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzów	instruktarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzu	instruktarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzu	instruktarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzu	instruktarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktarzu	instruktarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
instruktarzy	instruktarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażach	instruktaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażami	instruktaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktaże	instruktaż	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażem	instruktaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktaż	instruktaż	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażom	instruktaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowi	instruktaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażu	instruktaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażu	instruktaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażu	instruktaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktaży	instruktaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowo	instruktażowo	adv:pos		
instruktażowościach	instruktażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowościami	instruktażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowością	instruktażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowości	instruktażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowości	instruktażowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowości	instruktażowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowości	instruktażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowości	instruktażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowościom	instruktażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowość	instruktażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowość	instruktażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktażowa	instruktażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instruktażową	instruktażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instruktażową	instruktażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instruktażowego	instruktażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instruktażowego	instruktażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktażowe	instruktażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowe	instruktażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowe	instruktażowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instruktażowe	instruktażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instruktażowej	instruktażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instruktażowej	instruktażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instruktażowej	instruktażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instruktażowemu	instruktażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktażowi	instruktażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instruktażowo	instruktażowy	adja		
instruktażowych	instruktażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instruktażowych	instruktażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowych	instruktażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowy	instruktażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instruktażowy	instruktażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instruktażowymi	instruktażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowym	instruktażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktażowym	instruktażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktażowym	instruktażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktorach	instruktor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktora	instruktor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorami	instruktor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorem	instruktor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktor	instruktor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorom	instruktor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorowi	instruktor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorów	instruktor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktory	instruktor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorze	instruktor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorze	instruktor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorzy	instruktor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorce	instruktorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorek	instruktorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorkach	instruktorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorka	instruktorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorkami	instruktorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorką	instruktorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorkę	instruktorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorki	instruktorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorki	instruktorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorko	instruktorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorkom	instruktorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorscy	instruktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instruktorska	instruktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instruktorską	instruktorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instruktorską	instruktorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instruktorskich	instruktorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instruktorskich	instruktorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskich	instruktorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskiego	instruktorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instruktorskiego	instruktorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktorskie	instruktorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskie	instruktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskie	instruktorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instruktorskie	instruktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instruktorskiej	instruktorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instruktorskiej	instruktorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instruktorskiej	instruktorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instruktorskiemu	instruktorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktorski	instruktorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instruktorski	instruktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instruktorskimi	instruktorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskim	instruktorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktorskim	instruktorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktorskim	instruktorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktorsko	instruktorski	adja		
instruktorsku	instruktorski	adjp		
instruktorsko	instruktorsko	adv:pos		
instruktorskościach	instruktorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskościami	instruktorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskością	instruktorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskości	instruktorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskości	instruktorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskości	instruktorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskości	instruktorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskości	instruktorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskościom	instruktorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskość	instruktorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktorskość	instruktorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywnie	instruktywnie	adv:pos		
instruktywnościach	instruktywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywnościami	instruktywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywnością	instruktywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywności	instruktywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywności	instruktywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywności	instruktywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywności	instruktywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywności	instruktywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywnościom	instruktywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywność	instruktywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywność	instruktywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instruktywna	instruktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instruktywną	instruktywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instruktywną	instruktywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instruktywnego	instruktywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instruktywnego	instruktywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktywne	instruktywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywne	instruktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywne	instruktywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instruktywne	instruktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instruktywnej	instruktywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instruktywnej	instruktywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instruktywnej	instruktywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instruktywnemu	instruktywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktywni	instruktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instruktywno	instruktywny	adja		
instruktywnych	instruktywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instruktywnych	instruktywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywnych	instruktywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywny	instruktywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instruktywny	instruktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instruktywnymi	instruktywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywnym	instruktywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instruktywnym	instruktywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instruktywnym	instruktywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumencikach	instrumencik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencikami	instrumencik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencikiem	instrumencik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumenciki	instrumencik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencik	instrumencik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencikom	instrumencik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencikowi	instrumencik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencików	instrumencik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumenciku	instrumencik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumenciku	instrumencik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumenciku	instrumencik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencie	instrument	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumencie	instrument	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentach	instrument	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentami	instrument	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentem	instrument	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrument	instrument	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentom	instrument	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentowi	instrument	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentów	instrument	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentu	instrument	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumenty	instrument	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacjach	instrumentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacja	instrumentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacjami	instrumentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacją	instrumentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacje	instrumentacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentację	instrumentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacji	instrumentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.|hom.
instrumentacji	instrumentacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacji	instrumentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacjo	instrumentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacjom	instrumentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
instrumentacyj	instrumentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|muz.
instrumentacyjnie	instrumentacyjnie	adv:pos		
instrumentacyjnościach	instrumentacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjnościami	instrumentacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjnością	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjności	instrumentacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjności	instrumentacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjności	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjności	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjności	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjnościom	instrumentacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjność	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjność	instrumentacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentacyjna	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrumentacyjną	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrumentacyjną	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrumentacyjnego	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrumentacyjnego	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentacyjne	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjne	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjne	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrumentacyjne	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrumentacyjnej	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrumentacyjnej	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrumentacyjnej	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrumentacyjnemu	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentacyjni	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrumentacyjno	instrumentacyjny	adja		
instrumentacyjnych	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrumentacyjnych	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjnych	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjny	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrumentacyjny	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrumentacyjnymi	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjnym	instrumentacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentacyjnym	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentacyjnym	instrumentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalistach	instrumentalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalista	instrumentalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistami	instrumentalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistą	instrumentalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistę	instrumentalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalisto	instrumentalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistom	instrumentalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistów	instrumentalista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalisty	instrumentalista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalisty	instrumentalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentaliście	instrumentalista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentaliści	instrumentalista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistce	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistek	instrumentalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistkach	instrumentalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistka	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistkami	instrumentalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistką	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistkę	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistki	instrumentalistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistki	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistko	instrumentalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalistkom	instrumentalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacjach	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacja	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacjami	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacją	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacje	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizację	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacji	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instrumentalizacji	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacji	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacjo	instrumentalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacjom	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizacyj	instrumentalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instrumentalizmach	instrumentalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmami	instrumentalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmem	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmie	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmie	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizm	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmom	instrumentalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmowi	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmów	instrumentalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmu	instrumentalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizmy	instrumentalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizować	instrumentalizować	inf:imperf		
instrumentalizowaliby	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowalibyście	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowalibyśmy	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowali	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instrumentalizowali	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowaliście	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowaliśmy	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałaby	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałabym	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałabyś	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowała	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instrumentalizowała	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałam	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałaś	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowałby	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałbym	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałbyś	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowałem	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałeś	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizował	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instrumentalizował	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałoby	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałobym	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałobyś	instrumentalizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowało	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instrumentalizowało	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałom	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowałoś	instrumentalizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowałyby	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałybyście	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowałybyśmy	instrumentalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowały	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instrumentalizowały	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizowałyście	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizowałyśmy	instrumentalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowana	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaną	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanego	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanego	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanej	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanemu	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaniach	instrumentalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowania	instrumentalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowania	instrumentalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaniami	instrumentalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanie	instrumentalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaniem	instrumentalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowani	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaniom	instrumentalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowaniu	instrumentalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowano	instrumentalizować	imps:imperf		
instrumentalizowanych	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanych	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowany	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowany	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanymi	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanym	instrumentalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowanym	instrumentalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizowań	instrumentalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizująca	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującą	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującego	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującego	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujące	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujące	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującej	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującemu	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizując	instrumentalizować	pcon:imperf		
instrumentalizująco	instrumentalizować	pacta		
instrumentalizujących	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujących	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujący	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujący	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizujący	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującymi	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującym	instrumentalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizującym	instrumentalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentalizują	instrumentalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizujcie	instrumentalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizujecie	instrumentalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizuje	instrumentalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instrumentalizujemy	instrumentalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizujesz	instrumentalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizuję	instrumentalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizuj	instrumentalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instrumentalizujmy	instrumentalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instrumentalizowanościach	instrumentalizowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowanościami	instrumentalizowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowanością	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaności	instrumentalizowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaności	instrumentalizowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaności	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaności	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaności	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowanościom	instrumentalizowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaność	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowaność	instrumentalizowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalizowana	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrumentalizowaną	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrumentalizowaną	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrumentalizowanego	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrumentalizowanego	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrumentalizowane	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrumentalizowanej	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrumentalizowanej	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrumentalizowanej	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrumentalizowanemu	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalizowani	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrumentalizowano	instrumentalizowany	adja		
instrumentalizowanych	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrumentalizowanych	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowanych	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowany	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrumentalizowany	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrumentalizowanymi	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowanym	instrumentalizowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalizowanym	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalizowanym	instrumentalizowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalnie	instrumentalnie	adv:pos		
instrumentalnościach	instrumentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalnościami	instrumentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalnością	instrumentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalności	instrumentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalności	instrumentalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalności	instrumentalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalności	instrumentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalności	instrumentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalnościom	instrumentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalność	instrumentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalność	instrumentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentalna	instrumentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrumentalną	instrumentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrumentalną	instrumentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrumentalnego	instrumentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrumentalnego	instrumentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalne	instrumentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalne	instrumentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalne	instrumentalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrumentalne	instrumentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrumentalnej	instrumentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrumentalnej	instrumentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrumentalnej	instrumentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrumentalnemu	instrumentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalni	instrumentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrumentalno	instrumentalny	adja		
instrumentalnych	instrumentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrumentalnych	instrumentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalnych	instrumentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalny	instrumentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrumentalny	instrumentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrumentalnymi	instrumentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalnym	instrumentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentalnym	instrumentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentalnym	instrumentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentariach	instrumentarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentaria	instrumentarium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentariami	instrumentarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentariom	instrumentarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentariów	instrumentarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentarium	instrumentarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentarium	instrumentarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentarium	instrumentarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentarium	instrumentarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentarium	instrumentarium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instrumentariuszach	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariusza	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszami	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariusze	instrumentariusz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariusze	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszem	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariusz	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszom	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszowi	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszów	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszu	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszu	instrumentariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszy	instrumentariusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszce	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszek	instrumentariuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszkach	instrumentariuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszka	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszkami	instrumentariuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszką	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszkę	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszki	instrumentariuszka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszki	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszko	instrumentariuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentariuszkom	instrumentariuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwach	instrumentarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwa	instrumentarstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwa	instrumentarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwami	instrumentarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwem	instrumentarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwie	instrumentarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstw	instrumentarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwo	instrumentarstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwom	instrumentarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentarstwu	instrumentarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorach	instrumentator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatora	instrumentator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorami	instrumentator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorem	instrumentator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentator	instrumentator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorom	instrumentator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorowi	instrumentator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorów	instrumentator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatory	instrumentator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorze	instrumentator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorze	instrumentator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorzy	instrumentator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorce	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorek	instrumentatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorkach	instrumentatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorka	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorkami	instrumentatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorką	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorkę	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorki	instrumentatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorki	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorko	instrumentatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentatorkom	instrumentatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiach	instrumentologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologia	instrumentologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiami	instrumentologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologią	instrumentologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologie	instrumentologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologię	instrumentologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologii	instrumentologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instrumentologii	instrumentologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologii	instrumentologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologij	instrumentologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instrumentologio	instrumentologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiom	instrumentologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologicznie	instrumentologicznie	adv:pos		
instrumentologicznościach	instrumentologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologicznościami	instrumentologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologicznością	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczności	instrumentologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczności	instrumentologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczności	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczności	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczności	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologicznościom	instrumentologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczność	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczność	instrumentologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentologiczna	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrumentologiczną	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrumentologiczną	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrumentologicznego	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrumentologicznego	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentologiczne	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologiczne	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologiczne	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrumentologiczne	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrumentologicznej	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrumentologicznej	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrumentologicznej	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrumentologicznemu	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentologiczni	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrumentologiczno	instrumentologiczny	adja		
instrumentologicznych	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrumentologicznych	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologicznych	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologiczny	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrumentologiczny	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrumentologicznymi	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologicznym	instrumentologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentologicznym	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentologicznym	instrumentologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentować	instrumentować	inf:imperf		
instrumentowaliby	instrumentować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instrumentowalibyście	instrumentować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instrumentowalibyśmy	instrumentować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instrumentowali	instrumentować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instrumentowali	instrumentować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instrumentowaliście	instrumentować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instrumentowaliśmy	instrumentować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałaby	instrumentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałabym	instrumentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałabyś	instrumentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instrumentowała	instrumentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instrumentowała	instrumentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałam	instrumentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałaś	instrumentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instrumentowałby	instrumentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałbym	instrumentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałbyś	instrumentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instrumentowałem	instrumentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałeś	instrumentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instrumentował	instrumentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instrumentował	instrumentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałoby	instrumentować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałobym	instrumentować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałobyś	instrumentować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instrumentowało	instrumentować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instrumentowało	instrumentować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałom	instrumentować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instrumentowałoś	instrumentować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instrumentowałyby	instrumentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałybyście	instrumentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instrumentowałybyśmy	instrumentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instrumentowały	instrumentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instrumentowały	instrumentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instrumentowałyście	instrumentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instrumentowałyśmy	instrumentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instrumentowana	instrumentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaną	instrumentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanego	instrumentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanego	instrumentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowane	instrumentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowane	instrumentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanej	instrumentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanemu	instrumentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaniach	instrumentować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowania	instrumentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowania	instrumentować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaniami	instrumentować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanie	instrumentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaniem	instrumentować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowani	instrumentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaniom	instrumentować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowaniu	instrumentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowano	instrumentować	imps:imperf		
instrumentowanych	instrumentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanych	instrumentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowany	instrumentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentowany	instrumentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanymi	instrumentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanym	instrumentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowanym	instrumentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentowań	instrumentować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentująca	instrumentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentującą	instrumentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentującego	instrumentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instrumentującego	instrumentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentujące	instrumentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentujące	instrumentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instrumentującej	instrumentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instrumentującemu	instrumentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentując	instrumentować	pcon:imperf		
instrumentująco	instrumentować	pacta		
instrumentujących	instrumentować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentujących	instrumentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentujący	instrumentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instrumentujący	instrumentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentujący	instrumentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instrumentującymi	instrumentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentującym	instrumentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentującym	instrumentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instrumentują	instrumentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instrumentujcie	instrumentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instrumentujecie	instrumentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instrumentuje	instrumentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instrumentujemy	instrumentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instrumentujesz	instrumentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instrumentuję	instrumentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instrumentuj	instrumentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instrumentujmy	instrumentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instrumentoznawczościach	instrumentoznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczościami	instrumentoznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczością	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczości	instrumentoznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczości	instrumentoznawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczości	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczości	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczości	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczościom	instrumentoznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczość	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawczość	instrumentoznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawcza	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczą	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczą	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczego	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instrumentoznawczego	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentoznawcze	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawcze	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawcze	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instrumentoznawcze	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instrumentoznawczej	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczej	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczej	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instrumentoznawczemu	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczo	instrumentoznawczy	adja		
instrumentoznawczych	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instrumentoznawczych	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczych	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczy	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instrumentoznawczy	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instrumentoznawczy	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instrumentoznawczymi	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczym	instrumentoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczym	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentoznawczym	instrumentoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instrumentoznawstwach	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwa	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwa	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwami	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwem	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwie	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstw	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwo	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwom	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instrumentoznawstwu	instrumentoznawstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
instruować	instruować	inf:imperf		
instruowaliby	instruować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instruowalibyście	instruować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instruowalibyśmy	instruować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instruowali	instruować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instruowali	instruować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instruowaliście	instruować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instruowaliśmy	instruować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instruowałaby	instruować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instruowałabym	instruować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instruowałabyś	instruować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instruowała	instruować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instruowała	instruować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instruowałam	instruować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instruowałaś	instruować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instruowałby	instruować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instruowałbym	instruować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instruowałbyś	instruować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instruowałem	instruować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instruowałeś	instruować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instruował	instruować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instruował	instruować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instruowałoby	instruować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instruowałobym	instruować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instruowałobyś	instruować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instruowało	instruować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instruowało	instruować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instruowałom	instruować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instruowałoś	instruować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instruowałyby	instruować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instruowałybyście	instruować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instruowałybyśmy	instruować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instruowały	instruować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instruowały	instruować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instruowałyście	instruować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instruowałyśmy	instruować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instruowana	instruować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instruowaną	instruować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instruowanego	instruować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instruowanego	instruować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruowane	instruować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruowane	instruować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instruowanej	instruować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instruowanemu	instruować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruowaniach	instruować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instruowania	instruować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instruowania	instruować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instruowaniami	instruować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instruowanie	instruować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instruowaniem	instruować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instruowani	instruować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instruowaniom	instruować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instruowaniu	instruować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instruowano	instruować	imps:imperf		
instruowanych	instruować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instruowanych	instruować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruowany	instruować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instruowany	instruować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instruowanymi	instruować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruowanym	instruować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruowanym	instruować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruowań	instruować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instruująca	instruować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instruującą	instruować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instruującego	instruować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instruującego	instruować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruujące	instruować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruujące	instruować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instruującej	instruować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instruującemu	instruować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruując	instruować	pcon:imperf		
instruująco	instruować	pacta		
instruujących	instruować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instruujących	instruować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruujący	instruować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instruujący	instruować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instruujący	instruować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instruującymi	instruować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruującym	instruować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instruującym	instruować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instruują	instruować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instruujcie	instruować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instruujecie	instruować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instruuje	instruować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instruujemy	instruować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instruujesz	instruować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instruuję	instruować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instruuj	instruować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instruujmy	instruować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instygacjach	instygacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacja	instygacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacjami	instygacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacją	instygacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacje	instygacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygację	instygacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacji	instygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
instygacji	instygacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacji	instygacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacjo	instygacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacjom	instygacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instygacyj	instygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
instygatorach	instygator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatora	instygator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorami	instygator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorem	instygator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygator	instygator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorom	instygator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorowi	instygator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorów	instygator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatory	instygator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorze	instygator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorze	instygator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorzy	instygator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorce	instygatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorek	instygatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorkach	instygatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorka	instygatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorkami	instygatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorką	instygatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorkę	instygatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorki	instygatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorki	instygatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorko	instygatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorkom	instygatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorscy	instygatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instygatorska	instygatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instygatorską	instygatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instygatorską	instygatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instygatorskich	instygatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instygatorskich	instygatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskich	instygatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskiego	instygatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instygatorskiego	instygatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instygatorskie	instygatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskie	instygatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskie	instygatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instygatorskie	instygatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instygatorskiej	instygatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instygatorskiej	instygatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instygatorskiej	instygatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instygatorskiemu	instygatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instygatorski	instygatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instygatorski	instygatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instygatorskimi	instygatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskim	instygatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instygatorskim	instygatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instygatorskim	instygatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instygatorsko	instygatorski	adja		
instygatorsku	instygatorski	adjp		
instygatorsko	instygatorsko	adv:pos		
instygatorskościach	instygatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskościami	instygatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskością	instygatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskości	instygatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskości	instygatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskości	instygatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskości	instygatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskości	instygatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskościom	instygatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskość	instygatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygatorskość	instygatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instygować	instygować	inf:imperf		daw.
instygowaliby	instygować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowalibyście	instygować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowalibyśmy	instygować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowali	instygować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
instygowali	instygować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowaliście	instygować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowaliśmy	instygować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałaby	instygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałabym	instygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałabyś	instygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowała	instygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
instygowała	instygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałam	instygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałaś	instygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowałby	instygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałbym	instygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałbyś	instygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowałem	instygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałeś	instygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instygował	instygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
instygował	instygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałoby	instygować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałobym	instygować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałobyś	instygować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowało	instygować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
instygowało	instygować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałom	instygować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowałoś	instygować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowałyby	instygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałybyście	instygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowałybyśmy	instygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowały	instygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
instygowały	instygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instygowałyście	instygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instygowałyśmy	instygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instygowana	instygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instygowaną	instygować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instygowanego	instygować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instygowanego	instygować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygowane	instygować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygowane	instygować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instygowanej	instygować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instygowanemu	instygować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygowaniach	instygować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instygowania	instygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instygowania	instygować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instygowaniami	instygować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instygowanie	instygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instygowaniem	instygować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instygowani	instygować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instygowaniom	instygować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instygowaniu	instygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instygowano	instygować	imps:imperf		daw.
instygowanych	instygować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instygowanych	instygować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygowany	instygować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instygowany	instygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instygowanymi	instygować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygowanym	instygować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygowanym	instygować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygowań	instygować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instygująca	instygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instygującą	instygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instygującego	instygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instygującego	instygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygujące	instygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygujące	instygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instygującej	instygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instygującemu	instygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygując	instygować	pcon:imperf		daw.
instygująco	instygować	pacta		
instygujących	instygować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instygujących	instygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygujący	instygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instygujący	instygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instygujący	instygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instygującymi	instygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygującym	instygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instygującym	instygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instygują	instygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
instygujcie	instygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instygujecie	instygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instyguje	instygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
instygujemy	instygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instygujesz	instygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instyguję	instygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
instyguj	instygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instygujmy	instygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instynkcie	instynkt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynkcie	instynkt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktach	instynkt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktami	instynkt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktem	instynkt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynkt	instynkt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktom	instynkt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowi	instynkt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktów	instynkt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktu	instynkt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynkty	instynkt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instynktować	instynktować	inf:imperf		daw.
instynktowaliby	instynktować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowalibyście	instynktować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowalibyśmy	instynktować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowali	instynktować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
instynktowali	instynktować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowaliście	instynktować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowaliśmy	instynktować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałaby	instynktować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałabym	instynktować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałabyś	instynktować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowała	instynktować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
instynktowała	instynktować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałam	instynktować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałaś	instynktować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowałby	instynktować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałbym	instynktować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałbyś	instynktować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowałem	instynktować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałeś	instynktować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktował	instynktować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
instynktował	instynktować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałoby	instynktować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałobym	instynktować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałobyś	instynktować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowało	instynktować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
instynktowało	instynktować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałom	instynktować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowałoś	instynktować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowałyby	instynktować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałybyście	instynktować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowałybyśmy	instynktować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowały	instynktować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
instynktowały	instynktować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktowałyście	instynktować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktowałyśmy	instynktować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowaniach	instynktować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowania	instynktować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowania	instynktować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowaniami	instynktować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowanie	instynktować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowaniem	instynktować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowaniom	instynktować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowaniu	instynktować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instynktowano	instynktować	imps:imperf		daw.
instynktowań	instynktować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instynktująca	instynktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instynktującą	instynktować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instynktującego	instynktować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instynktującego	instynktować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instynktujące	instynktować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instynktujące	instynktować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instynktującej	instynktować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instynktującemu	instynktować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instynktując	instynktować	pcon:imperf		daw.
instynktująco	instynktować	pacta		
instynktujących	instynktować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instynktujących	instynktować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instynktujący	instynktować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instynktujący	instynktować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instynktujący	instynktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instynktującymi	instynktować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instynktującym	instynktować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instynktującym	instynktować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instynktują	instynktować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktujcie	instynktować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktujecie	instynktować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktuje	instynktować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
instynktujemy	instynktować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktujesz	instynktować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktuję	instynktować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktuj	instynktować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
instynktujmy	instynktować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
instynktowie	instynktowie	adv:pos		daw.
instynktownie	instynktownie	adv:pos		
instynktownościach	instynktowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktownościami	instynktowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktownością	instynktowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowności	instynktowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowności	instynktowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowności	instynktowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowności	instynktowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowności	instynktowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktownościom	instynktowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowność	instynktowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowność	instynktowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowna	instynktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instynktowną	instynktowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instynktowną	instynktowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instynktownego	instynktowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instynktownego	instynktowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowne	instynktowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowne	instynktowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowne	instynktowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instynktowne	instynktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instynktownej	instynktowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instynktownej	instynktowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instynktownej	instynktowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instynktownemu	instynktowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowni	instynktowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instynktowno	instynktowny	adja		
instynktownych	instynktowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instynktownych	instynktowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktownych	instynktowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowny	instynktowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instynktowny	instynktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instynktownymi	instynktowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktownym	instynktowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktownym	instynktowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktownym	instynktowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowo	instynktowo	adv:pos		
instynktowościach	instynktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowościami	instynktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowością	instynktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowości	instynktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowości	instynktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowości	instynktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowości	instynktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowości	instynktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowościom	instynktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowość	instynktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowość	instynktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instynktowa	instynktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instynktową	instynktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instynktową	instynktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instynktowego	instynktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instynktowego	instynktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowe	instynktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowe	instynktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowe	instynktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instynktowe	instynktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instynktowej	instynktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instynktowej	instynktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instynktowej	instynktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instynktowemu	instynktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowi	instynktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instynktowo	instynktowy	adja		
instynktowych	instynktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instynktowych	instynktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowych	instynktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowy	instynktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instynktowy	instynktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instynktowymi	instynktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowym	instynktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instynktowym	instynktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instynktowym	instynktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucjach	instytucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucja	instytucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjami	instytucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucją	instytucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucje	instytucja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucję	instytucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucji	instytucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instytucji	instytucja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucji	instytucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjo	instytucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjom	instytucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyj	instytucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instytucjonalizacjach	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacja	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacjami	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacją	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacje	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizację	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacji	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
instytucjonalizacji	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacji	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacjo	instytucjonalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacjom	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizacyj	instytucjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
instytucjonalizmach	instytucjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmami	instytucjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmem	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmie	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmie	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizm	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmom	instytucjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmowi	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmów	instytucjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmu	instytucjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizmy	instytucjonalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalizować	instytucjonalizować	inf:imperf		
instytucjonalizowaliby	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowalibyście	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowalibyśmy	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowali	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
instytucjonalizowali	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowaliście	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowaliśmy	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałaby	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałabym	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałabyś	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowała	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
instytucjonalizowała	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałam	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałaś	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałby	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałbym	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałbyś	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałem	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałeś	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizował	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
instytucjonalizował	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałoby	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałobym	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałobyś	instytucjonalizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowało	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
instytucjonalizowało	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałom	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałoś	instytucjonalizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałyby	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałybyście	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałybyśmy	instytucjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowały	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
instytucjonalizowały	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałyście	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizowałyśmy	instytucjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizowana	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaną	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanego	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanego	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowane	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowane	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanej	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanemu	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaniach	instytucjonalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowania	instytucjonalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowania	instytucjonalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaniami	instytucjonalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanie	instytucjonalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaniem	instytucjonalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowani	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaniom	instytucjonalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowaniu	instytucjonalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowano	instytucjonalizować	imps:imperf		
instytucjonalizowanych	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanych	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowany	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowany	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanymi	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanym	instytucjonalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowanym	instytucjonalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizowań	instytucjonalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizująca	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującą	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującego	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującego	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujące	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujące	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującej	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującemu	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizując	instytucjonalizować	pcon:imperf		
instytucjonalizująco	instytucjonalizować	pacta		
instytucjonalizujących	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujących	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujący	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujący	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizujący	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującymi	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującym	instytucjonalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizującym	instytucjonalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
instytucjonalizują	instytucjonalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizujcie	instytucjonalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizujecie	instytucjonalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizuje	instytucjonalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
instytucjonalizujemy	instytucjonalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizujesz	instytucjonalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizuję	instytucjonalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalizuj	instytucjonalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
instytucjonalizujmy	instytucjonalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
instytucjonalnie	instytucjonalnie	adv:pos		
instytucjonalnościach	instytucjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalnościami	instytucjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalnością	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalności	instytucjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalności	instytucjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalności	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalności	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalności	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalnościom	instytucjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalność	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalność	instytucjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucjonalna	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instytucjonalną	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instytucjonalną	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instytucjonalnego	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instytucjonalnego	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucjonalne	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalne	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalne	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instytucjonalne	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instytucjonalnej	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instytucjonalnej	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instytucjonalnej	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instytucjonalnemu	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucjonalni	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instytucjonalno	instytucjonalny	adja		
instytucjonalnych	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instytucjonalnych	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalnych	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalny	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instytucjonalny	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instytucjonalnymi	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalnym	instytucjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucjonalnym	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucjonalnym	instytucjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytuccy	instytucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instytucka	instytucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instytucką	instytucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instytucką	instytucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instytuckich	instytucki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instytuckich	instytucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckich	instytucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckiego	instytucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instytuckiego	instytucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytuckie	instytucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckie	instytucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckie	instytucki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instytuckie	instytucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instytuckiej	instytucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instytuckiej	instytucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instytuckiej	instytucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instytuckiemu	instytucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucki	instytucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instytucki	instytucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instytuckimi	instytucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckim	instytucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytuckim	instytucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytuckim	instytucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucko	instytucki	adja		
instytucku	instytucki	adjp		
instytucko	instytucko	adv:pos		
instytuckościach	instytuckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckościami	instytuckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckością	instytuckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckości	instytuckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckości	instytuckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckości	instytuckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckości	instytuckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckości	instytuckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckościom	instytuckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckość	instytuckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytuckość	instytuckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjnościach	instytucyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjnościami	instytucyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjnością	instytucyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjności	instytucyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjności	instytucyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjności	instytucyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjności	instytucyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjności	instytucyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjnościom	instytucyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjność	instytucyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjność	instytucyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytucyjna	instytucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instytucyjną	instytucyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instytucyjną	instytucyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instytucyjnego	instytucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instytucyjnego	instytucyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucyjne	instytucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjne	instytucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjne	instytucyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instytucyjne	instytucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instytucyjnej	instytucyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instytucyjnej	instytucyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instytucyjnej	instytucyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instytucyjnemu	instytucyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucyjni	instytucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instytucyjno	instytucyjny	adja		
instytucyjnych	instytucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instytucyjnych	instytucyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjnych	instytucyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjny	instytucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instytucyjny	instytucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instytucyjnymi	instytucyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjnym	instytucyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytucyjnym	instytucyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucyjnym	instytucyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytucie	instytut	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytucie	instytut	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutach	instytut	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutami	instytut	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutem	instytut	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytut	instytut	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutom	instytut	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowi	instytut	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutów	instytut	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutu	instytut	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytuty	instytut	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
instytutorce	instytutorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorek	instytutorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorkach	instytutorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorka	instytutorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorkami	instytutorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorką	instytutorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorkę	instytutorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorki	instytutorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorki	instytutorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorko	instytutorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutorkom	instytutorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
instytutowościach	instytutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowościami	instytutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowością	instytutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowości	instytutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowości	instytutowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowości	instytutowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowości	instytutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowości	instytutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowościom	instytutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowość	instytutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowość	instytutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
instytutowa	instytutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
instytutową	instytutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
instytutową	instytutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
instytutowego	instytutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
instytutowego	instytutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytutowe	instytutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowe	instytutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowe	instytutowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
instytutowe	instytutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
instytutowej	instytutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
instytutowej	instytutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
instytutowej	instytutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
instytutowemu	instytutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytutowi	instytutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
instytutowo	instytutowy	adja		
instytutowych	instytutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
instytutowych	instytutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowych	instytutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowy	instytutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
instytutowy	instytutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
instytutowymi	instytutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowym	instytutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
instytutowym	instytutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
instytutowym	instytutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinach	insulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulina	insulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinami	insulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insuliną	insulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinę	insulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinie	insulina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulin	insulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulino	insulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinom	insulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insuliny	insulina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insuliny	insulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinoopornościach	insulinooporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinoopornościami	insulinooporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinoopornością	insulinooporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporności	insulinooporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporności	insulinooporność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporności	insulinooporność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporności	insulinooporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporności	insulinooporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinoopornościom	insulinooporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporność	insulinooporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporność	insulinooporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinooporna	insulinooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insulinooporną	insulinooporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insulinooporną	insulinooporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insulinoopornego	insulinooporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insulinoopornego	insulinooporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinooporne	insulinooporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinooporne	insulinooporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinooporne	insulinooporny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insulinooporne	insulinooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insulinoopornej	insulinooporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insulinoopornej	insulinooporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insulinoopornej	insulinooporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insulinoopornemu	insulinooporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinooporni	insulinooporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insulinooporno	insulinooporny	adja		
insulinoopornych	insulinooporny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insulinoopornych	insulinooporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinoopornych	insulinooporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinooporny	insulinooporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insulinooporny	insulinooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insulinoopornymi	insulinooporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinoopornym	insulinooporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinoopornym	insulinooporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinoopornym	insulinooporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinowościach	insulinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowościami	insulinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowością	insulinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowości	insulinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowości	insulinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowości	insulinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowości	insulinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowości	insulinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowościom	insulinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowość	insulinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowość	insulinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insulinowa	insulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insulinową	insulinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insulinową	insulinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insulinowego	insulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insulinowego	insulinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinowe	insulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowe	insulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowe	insulinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insulinowe	insulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insulinowej	insulinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insulinowej	insulinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insulinowej	insulinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insulinowemu	insulinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinowi	insulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insulinowo	insulinowy	adja		
insulinowych	insulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insulinowych	insulinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowych	insulinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowy	insulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insulinowy	insulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insulinowymi	insulinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowym	insulinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insulinowym	insulinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulinowym	insulinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insulicie	insulit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulicie	insulit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitach	insulit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitami	insulit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitem	insulit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulit	insulit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitom	insulit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitowi	insulit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitów	insulit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulitu	insulit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulity	insulit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
insulcie	insult	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insulcie	insult	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultach	insult	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultami	insult	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultem	insult	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insult	insult	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultom	insult	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultowi	insult	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultów	insult	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultu	insult	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insulty	insult	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultancie	insultant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultancie	insultant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultanci	insultant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantach	insultant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultanta	insultant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantami	insultant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantem	insultant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultant	insultant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantom	insultant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantowi	insultant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultantów	insultant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultanty	insultant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insultować	insultować	inf:imperf		daw.
insultowaliby	insultować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowalibyście	insultować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowalibyśmy	insultować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowali	insultować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
insultowali	insultować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowaliście	insultować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowaliśmy	insultować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałaby	insultować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałabym	insultować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałabyś	insultować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowała	insultować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
insultowała	insultować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałam	insultować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałaś	insultować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowałby	insultować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałbym	insultować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałbyś	insultować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowałem	insultować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałeś	insultować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
insultował	insultować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
insultował	insultować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałoby	insultować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałobym	insultować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałobyś	insultować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowało	insultować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
insultowało	insultować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałom	insultować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowałoś	insultować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowałyby	insultować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałybyście	insultować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowałybyśmy	insultować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowały	insultować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
insultowały	insultować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
insultowałyście	insultować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
insultowałyśmy	insultować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
insultowana	insultować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
insultowaną	insultować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
insultowanego	insultować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
insultowanego	insultować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultowane	insultować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultowane	insultować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
insultowanej	insultować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
insultowanemu	insultować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultowaniach	insultować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
insultowania	insultować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
insultowania	insultować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
insultowaniami	insultować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
insultowanie	insultować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
insultowaniem	insultować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
insultowani	insultować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
insultowaniom	insultować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
insultowaniu	insultować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
insultowano	insultować	imps:imperf		daw.
insultowanych	insultować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
insultowanych	insultować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultowany	insultować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
insultowany	insultować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
insultowanymi	insultować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultowanym	insultować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultowanym	insultować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultowań	insultować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
insultująca	insultować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
insultującą	insultować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
insultującego	insultować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
insultującego	insultować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultujące	insultować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultujące	insultować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
insultującej	insultować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
insultującemu	insultować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultując	insultować	pcon:imperf		daw.
insultująco	insultować	pacta		
insultujących	insultować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
insultujących	insultować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultujący	insultować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
insultujący	insultować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
insultujący	insultować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
insultującymi	insultować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultującym	insultować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insultującym	insultować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insultują	insultować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
insultujcie	insultować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
insultujecie	insultować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
insultuje	insultować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
insultujemy	insultować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
insultujesz	insultować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
insultuję	insultować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
insultuj	insultować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
insultujmy	insultować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
insurekcjach	insurekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcja	insurekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcjami	insurekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcją	insurekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcje	insurekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcję	insurekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcji	insurekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
insurekcji	insurekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcji	insurekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcjo	insurekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcjom	insurekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyj	insurekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
insurekcyjnościach	insurekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjnościami	insurekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjnością	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjności	insurekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjności	insurekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjności	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjności	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjności	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjnościom	insurekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjność	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjność	insurekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurekcyjna	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjną	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjną	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnego	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnego	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjne	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjne	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjne	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjne	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnej	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnej	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnej	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnemu	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjni	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
insurekcyjno	insurekcyjny	adja		daw.
insurekcyjnych	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnych	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnych	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjny	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
insurekcyjny	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnymi	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnym	insurekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnym	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insurekcyjnym	insurekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insurgencie	insurgent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgencie	insurgent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgenci	insurgent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentach	insurgent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgenta	insurgent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentami	insurgent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentem	insurgent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgent	insurgent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentom	insurgent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentowi	insurgent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgentów	insurgent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insurgenty	insurgent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insygniach	insygnium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnia	insygnium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygniami	insygnium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygniom	insygnium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygniów	insygnium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnium	insygnium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnium	insygnium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnium	insygnium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnium	insygnium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insygnium	insygnium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacjach	insynuacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacja	insynuacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacjami	insynuacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacją	insynuacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacje	insynuacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuację	insynuacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacji	insynuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
insynuacji	insynuacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacji	insynuacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacjo	insynuacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacjom	insynuacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyj	insynuacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
insynuacyjnościach	insynuacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjnościami	insynuacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjnością	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjności	insynuacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjności	insynuacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjności	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjności	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjności	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjnościom	insynuacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjność	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjność	insynuacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuacyjna	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insynuacyjną	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insynuacyjną	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insynuacyjnego	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insynuacyjnego	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuacyjne	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjne	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjne	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insynuacyjne	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insynuacyjnej	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insynuacyjnej	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insynuacyjnej	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insynuacyjnemu	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuacyjni	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insynuacyjno	insynuacyjny	adja		
insynuacyjnych	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insynuacyjnych	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjnych	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjny	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insynuacyjny	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insynuacyjnymi	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjnym	insynuacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuacyjnym	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuacyjnym	insynuacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuatorach	insynuator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatora	insynuator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorami	insynuator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorem	insynuator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuator	insynuator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorom	insynuator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorowi	insynuator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorów	insynuator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatory	insynuator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorze	insynuator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorze	insynuator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorzy	insynuator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorscy	insynuatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
insynuatorska	insynuatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
insynuatorską	insynuatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
insynuatorską	insynuatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
insynuatorskich	insynuatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
insynuatorskich	insynuatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskich	insynuatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskiego	insynuatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
insynuatorskiego	insynuatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuatorskie	insynuatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskie	insynuatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskie	insynuatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
insynuatorskie	insynuatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
insynuatorskiej	insynuatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
insynuatorskiej	insynuatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
insynuatorskiej	insynuatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
insynuatorskiemu	insynuatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuatorski	insynuatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
insynuatorski	insynuatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
insynuatorskimi	insynuatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskim	insynuatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
insynuatorskim	insynuatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuatorskim	insynuatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
insynuatorsko	insynuatorski	adja		
insynuatorsku	insynuatorski	adjp		
insynuatorsko	insynuatorsko	adv:pos		
insynuatorskościach	insynuatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskościami	insynuatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskością	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskości	insynuatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskości	insynuatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskości	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskości	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskości	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskościom	insynuatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskość	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuatorskość	insynuatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
insynuować	insynuować	inf:imperf		
insynuowaliby	insynuować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
insynuowalibyście	insynuować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
insynuowalibyśmy	insynuować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
insynuowali	insynuować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
insynuowali	insynuować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
insynuowaliście	insynuować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
insynuowaliśmy	insynuować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
insynuowałaby	insynuować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
insynuowałabym	insynuować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
insynuowałabyś	insynuować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
insynuowała	insynuować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
insynuowała	insynuować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
insynuowałam	insynuować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
insynuowałaś	insynuować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
insynuowałby	insynuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
insynuowałbym	insynuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
insynuowałbyś	insynuować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
insynuowałem	insynuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
insynuowałeś	insynuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
insynuował	insynuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
insynuował	insynuować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
insynuowałoby	insynuować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
insynuowałobym	insynuować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
insynuowałobyś	insynuować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
insynuowało	insynuować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
insynuowało	insynuować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
insynuowałom	insynuować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
insynuowałoś	insynuować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
insynuowałyby	insynuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
insynuowałybyście	insynuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
insynuowałybyśmy	insynuować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
insynuowały	insynuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
insynuowały	insynuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
insynuowałyście	insynuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
insynuowałyśmy	insynuować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
insynuowana	insynuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
insynuowaną	insynuować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
insynuowanego	insynuować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
insynuowanego	insynuować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowane	insynuować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowane	insynuować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowanej	insynuować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
insynuowanemu	insynuować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowaniach	insynuować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowania	insynuować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowania	insynuować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowaniami	insynuować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowanie	insynuować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowaniem	insynuować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowani	insynuować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
insynuowaniom	insynuować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowaniu	insynuować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuowano	insynuować	imps:imperf		
insynuowanych	insynuować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
insynuowanych	insynuować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowany	insynuować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
insynuowany	insynuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
insynuowanymi	insynuować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowanym	insynuować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowanym	insynuować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuowań	insynuować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
insynuująca	insynuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
insynuującą	insynuować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
insynuującego	insynuować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
insynuującego	insynuować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuujące	insynuować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuujące	insynuować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
insynuującej	insynuować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
insynuującemu	insynuować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuując	insynuować	pcon:imperf		
insynuująco	insynuować	pacta		
insynuujących	insynuować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
insynuujących	insynuować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuujący	insynuować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
insynuujący	insynuować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
insynuujący	insynuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
insynuującymi	insynuować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuującym	insynuować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
insynuującym	insynuować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
insynuują	insynuować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
insynuujcie	insynuować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
insynuujecie	insynuować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
insynuuje	insynuować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
insynuujemy	insynuować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
insynuujesz	insynuować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
insynuuję	insynuować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
insynuuj	insynuować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
insynuujmy	insynuować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
insza	insza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insza	insza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszą	insza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszą	insza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insze	insza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszej	insza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszej	insza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszych	insza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszych	insza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszymi	insza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszym	insza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszościach	inszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszościami	inszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszością	inszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszości	inszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszości	inszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszości	inszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszości	inszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszości	inszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszościom	inszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszość	inszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszość	inszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insi	inszy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
insza	inszy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inszą	inszy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inszą	inszy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inszego	inszy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inszego	inszy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insze	inszy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insze	inszy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
insze	inszy:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
insze	inszy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inszej	inszy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inszej	inszy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inszej	inszy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inszemu	inszy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inszo	inszy:a	adja		daw.
inszych	inszy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inszych	inszy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inszych	inszy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inszy	inszy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inszy	inszy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inszymi	inszy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inszym	inszy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inszym	inszy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inszym	inszy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
insi	inszy:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszego	inszy:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
insze	inszy:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszemu	inszy:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszych	inszy:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszych	inszy:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszy	inszy:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszy	inszy:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszymi	inszy:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszym	inszy:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszym	inszy:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inszym	inszy:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intabulacjach	intabulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacja	intabulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacjami	intabulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacją	intabulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacje	intabulacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulację	intabulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacji	intabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intabulacji	intabulacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacji	intabulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacjo	intabulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacjom	intabulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacyj	intabulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intabulacie	intabulat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulacie	intabulat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatach	intabulat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatami	intabulat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatem	intabulat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulat	intabulat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatom	intabulat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatowi	intabulat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatów	intabulat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulatu	intabulat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulaty	intabulat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intabulować	intabulować	inf:imperf		
intabulowaliby	intabulować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intabulowalibyście	intabulować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intabulowalibyśmy	intabulować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intabulowali	intabulować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intabulowali	intabulować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intabulowaliście	intabulować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intabulowaliśmy	intabulować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intabulowałaby	intabulować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intabulowałabym	intabulować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intabulowałabyś	intabulować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intabulowała	intabulować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intabulowała	intabulować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intabulowałam	intabulować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intabulowałaś	intabulować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intabulowałby	intabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intabulowałbym	intabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intabulowałbyś	intabulować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intabulowałem	intabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intabulowałeś	intabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intabulował	intabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intabulował	intabulować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intabulowałoby	intabulować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intabulowałobym	intabulować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intabulowałobyś	intabulować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intabulowało	intabulować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intabulowało	intabulować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intabulowałom	intabulować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intabulowałoś	intabulować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intabulowałyby	intabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intabulowałybyście	intabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intabulowałybyśmy	intabulować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intabulowały	intabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intabulowały	intabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intabulowałyście	intabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intabulowałyśmy	intabulować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intabulowana	intabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intabulowaną	intabulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intabulowanego	intabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intabulowanego	intabulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowane	intabulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowane	intabulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowanej	intabulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intabulowanemu	intabulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowaniach	intabulować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowania	intabulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowania	intabulować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowaniami	intabulować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowanie	intabulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowaniem	intabulować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowani	intabulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intabulowaniom	intabulować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowaniu	intabulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulowano	intabulować	imps:imperf		
intabulowanych	intabulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intabulowanych	intabulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowany	intabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intabulowany	intabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intabulowanymi	intabulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowanym	intabulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowanym	intabulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulowań	intabulować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intabulująca	intabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intabulującą	intabulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intabulującego	intabulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intabulującego	intabulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulujące	intabulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulujące	intabulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intabulującej	intabulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intabulującemu	intabulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulując	intabulować	pcon:imperf		
intabulująco	intabulować	pacta		
intabulujących	intabulować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intabulujących	intabulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulujący	intabulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intabulujący	intabulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intabulujący	intabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intabulującymi	intabulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulującym	intabulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intabulującym	intabulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intabulują	intabulować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intabulujcie	intabulować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intabulujecie	intabulować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intabuluje	intabulować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intabulujemy	intabulować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intabulujesz	intabulować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intabuluję	intabulować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intabuluj	intabulować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intabulujmy	intabulować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intaglio	intaglio	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	szt.
intarsjach	intarsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsja	intarsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsjami	intarsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsją	intarsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsje	intarsja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsję	intarsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsji	intarsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intarsji	intarsja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsji	intarsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsjo	intarsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsjom	intarsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intarsyj	intarsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intarsjować	intarsjować	inf:imperf		
intarsjowaliby	intarsjować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intarsjowalibyście	intarsjować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intarsjowalibyśmy	intarsjować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intarsjowali	intarsjować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intarsjowali	intarsjować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intarsjowaliście	intarsjować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intarsjowaliśmy	intarsjować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałaby	intarsjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałabym	intarsjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałabyś	intarsjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intarsjowała	intarsjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intarsjowała	intarsjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałam	intarsjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałaś	intarsjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intarsjowałby	intarsjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałbym	intarsjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałbyś	intarsjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intarsjowałem	intarsjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałeś	intarsjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intarsjował	intarsjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intarsjował	intarsjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałoby	intarsjować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałobym	intarsjować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałobyś	intarsjować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intarsjowało	intarsjować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intarsjowało	intarsjować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałom	intarsjować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intarsjowałoś	intarsjować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intarsjowałyby	intarsjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałybyście	intarsjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intarsjowałybyśmy	intarsjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intarsjowały	intarsjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intarsjowały	intarsjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intarsjowałyście	intarsjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intarsjowałyśmy	intarsjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intarsjowana	intarsjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaną	intarsjować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanego	intarsjować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanego	intarsjować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowane	intarsjować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowane	intarsjować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanej	intarsjować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanemu	intarsjować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaniach	intarsjować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowania	intarsjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowania	intarsjować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaniami	intarsjować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanie	intarsjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaniem	intarsjować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowani	intarsjować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaniom	intarsjować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowaniu	intarsjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowano	intarsjować	imps:imperf		
intarsjowanych	intarsjować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanych	intarsjować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowany	intarsjować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intarsjowany	intarsjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanymi	intarsjować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanym	intarsjować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowanym	intarsjować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjowań	intarsjować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjująca	intarsjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjującą	intarsjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjującego	intarsjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intarsjującego	intarsjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjujące	intarsjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjujące	intarsjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intarsjującej	intarsjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intarsjującemu	intarsjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjując	intarsjować	pcon:imperf		
intarsjująco	intarsjować	pacta		
intarsjujących	intarsjować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intarsjujących	intarsjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjujący	intarsjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intarsjujący	intarsjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intarsjujący	intarsjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intarsjującymi	intarsjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjującym	intarsjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjującym	intarsjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intarsjują	intarsjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intarsjujcie	intarsjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intarsjujecie	intarsjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intarsjuje	intarsjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intarsjujemy	intarsjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intarsjujesz	intarsjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intarsjuję	intarsjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intarsjuj	intarsjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intarsjujmy	intarsjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
integracjach	integracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracja	integracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracjami	integracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracją	integracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracje	integracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrację	integracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracji	integracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
integracji	integracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracji	integracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracjo	integracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracjom	integracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyj	integracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
integracjonistach	integracjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonista	integracjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonistami	integracjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonistą	integracjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonistę	integracjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonisto	integracjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonistom	integracjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonistów	integracjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonisty	integracjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
integracjonisty	integracjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjoniście	integracjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracjoniści	integracjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjnościach	integracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjnościami	integracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjnością	integracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjności	integracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjności	integracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjności	integracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjności	integracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjności	integracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjnościom	integracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjność	integracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjność	integracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
integracyjna	integracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
integracyjną	integracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
integracyjną	integracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
integracyjnego	integracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
integracyjnego	integracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integracyjne	integracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjne	integracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjne	integracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
integracyjne	integracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
integracyjnej	integracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
integracyjnej	integracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
integracyjnej	integracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
integracyjnemu	integracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integracyjni	integracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
integracyjno	integracyjny	adja		
integracyjnych	integracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
integracyjnych	integracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjnych	integracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjny	integracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
integracyjny	integracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
integracyjnymi	integracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjnym	integracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integracyjnym	integracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integracyjnym	integracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrafach	integraf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafami	integraf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafem	integraf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafie	integraf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafie	integraf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integraf	integraf	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafom	integraf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafowi	integraf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafów	integraf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafu	integraf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrafy	integraf	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmach	integralizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmami	integralizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmem	integralizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmie	integralizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmie	integralizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizm	integralizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmom	integralizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmowi	integralizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmów	integralizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmu	integralizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralizmy	integralizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integralnie	integralnie	adv:pos		
integralnościach	integralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralnościami	integralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralnością	integralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralności	integralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralności	integralność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralności	integralność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralności	integralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralności	integralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralnościom	integralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralność	integralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralność	integralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
integralna	integralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
integralną	integralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
integralną	integralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
integralnego	integralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
integralnego	integralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integralne	integralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralne	integralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralne	integralny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
integralne	integralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
integralnej	integralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
integralnej	integralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
integralnej	integralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
integralnemu	integralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integralni	integralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
integralno	integralny	adja		
integralnych	integralny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
integralnych	integralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralnych	integralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralny	integralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
integralny	integralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
integralnymi	integralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralnym	integralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integralnym	integralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integralnym	integralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrale	integrał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrale	integrał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałach	integrał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałami	integrał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałem	integrał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrał	integrał	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałom	integrał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałowi	integrał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrałów	integrał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrału	integrał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrały	integrał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorach	integrator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratora	integrator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorami	integrator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorem	integrator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrator	integrator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorom	integrator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorowi	integrator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorów	integrator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratory	integrator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorze	integrator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integratorze	integrator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografach	integrograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografami	integrograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografem	integrograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografie	integrograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografie	integrograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrograf	integrograf	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografom	integrograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografowi	integrograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografów	integrograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografu	integrograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrografy	integrograf	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrach	integrometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrami	integrometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrem	integrometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometr	integrometr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrom	integrometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrowi	integrometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrów	integrometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometru	integrometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometry	integrometr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrze	integrometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrometrze	integrometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integrować	integrować	inf:imperf		
integrowaliby	integrować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
integrowalibyście	integrować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
integrowalibyśmy	integrować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
integrowali	integrować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
integrowali	integrować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
integrowaliście	integrować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
integrowaliśmy	integrować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
integrowałaby	integrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
integrowałabym	integrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
integrowałabyś	integrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
integrowała	integrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
integrowała	integrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
integrowałam	integrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
integrowałaś	integrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
integrowałby	integrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
integrowałbym	integrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
integrowałbyś	integrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
integrowałem	integrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
integrowałeś	integrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
integrował	integrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
integrował	integrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
integrowałoby	integrować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
integrowałobym	integrować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
integrowałobyś	integrować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
integrowało	integrować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
integrowało	integrować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
integrowałom	integrować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
integrowałoś	integrować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
integrowałyby	integrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
integrowałybyście	integrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
integrowałybyśmy	integrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
integrowały	integrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
integrowały	integrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
integrowałyście	integrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
integrowałyśmy	integrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
integrowana	integrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
integrowaną	integrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
integrowanego	integrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
integrowanego	integrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrowane	integrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrowane	integrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
integrowanej	integrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
integrowanemu	integrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrowaniach	integrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
integrowania	integrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
integrowania	integrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
integrowaniami	integrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
integrowanie	integrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
integrowaniem	integrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
integrowani	integrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
integrowaniom	integrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
integrowaniu	integrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
integrowano	integrować	imps:imperf		
integrowanych	integrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
integrowanych	integrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrowany	integrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
integrowany	integrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
integrowanymi	integrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrowanym	integrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrowanym	integrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrowań	integrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
integrująca	integrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
integrującą	integrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
integrującego	integrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
integrującego	integrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrujące	integrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrujące	integrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
integrującej	integrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
integrującemu	integrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrując	integrować	pcon:imperf		
integrująco	integrować	pacta		
integrujących	integrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
integrujących	integrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrujący	integrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
integrujący	integrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
integrujący	integrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
integrującymi	integrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrującym	integrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
integrującym	integrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
integrują	integrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
integrujcie	integrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
integrujecie	integrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
integruje	integrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
integrujemy	integrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
integrujesz	integrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
integruję	integrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
integruj	integrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
integrujmy	integrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
integrująco	integrująco	adv:pos		
integrującościach	integrującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującościami	integrującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującością	integrującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującości	integrującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującości	integrującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującości	integrującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującości	integrującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującości	integrującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującościom	integrującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującość	integrującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrującość	integrującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrująca	integrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
integrującą	integrujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
integrującą	integrujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
integrującego	integrujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
integrującego	integrujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrujące	integrujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrujące	integrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrujące	integrujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
integrujące	integrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
integrującej	integrujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
integrującej	integrujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
integrującej	integrujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
integrującemu	integrujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrująco	integrujący	adja		
integrujących	integrujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
integrujących	integrujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrujących	integrujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrujący	integrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
integrujący	integrujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
integrujący	integrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
integrującymi	integrujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrującym	integrujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrującym	integrujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrującym	integrujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrystach	integrysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrysta	integrysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystami	integrysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystą	integrysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystę	integrysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrysto	integrysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystom	integrysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystów	integrysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrysty	integrysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
integrysty	integrysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integryście	integrysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integryści	integrysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
integrystycznościach	integrystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystycznościami	integrystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystycznością	integrystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczności	integrystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczności	integrystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczności	integrystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczności	integrystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczności	integrystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystycznościom	integrystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczność	integrystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczność	integrystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
integrystyczna	integrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
integrystyczną	integrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
integrystyczną	integrystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
integrystycznego	integrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
integrystycznego	integrystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrystyczne	integrystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystyczne	integrystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystyczne	integrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
integrystyczne	integrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
integrystycznej	integrystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
integrystycznej	integrystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
integrystycznej	integrystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
integrystycznemu	integrystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrystyczni	integrystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
integrystyczno	integrystyczny	adja		
integrystycznych	integrystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
integrystycznych	integrystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystycznych	integrystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystyczny	integrystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
integrystyczny	integrystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
integrystycznymi	integrystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystycznym	integrystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
integrystycznym	integrystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integrystycznym	integrystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
integryzmach	integryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmami	integryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmem	integryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmie	integryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmie	integryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzm	integryzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmom	integryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmowi	integryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmów	integryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmu	integryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
integryzmy	integryzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelekcie	intelekt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelekcie	intelekt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektach	intelekt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektami	intelekt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektem	intelekt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelekt	intelekt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektom	intelekt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektowi	intelekt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektów	intelekt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektu	intelekt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelekty	intelekt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistach	intelektualista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualista	intelektualista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistami	intelektualista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistą	intelektualista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistę	intelektualista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualisto	intelektualista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistom	intelektualista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistów	intelektualista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualisty	intelektualista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualisty	intelektualista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualiście	intelektualista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualiści	intelektualista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistce	intelektualistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistek	intelektualistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistkach	intelektualistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistka	intelektualistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistkami	intelektualistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistką	intelektualistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistkę	intelektualistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistki	intelektualistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistki	intelektualistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistko	intelektualistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistkom	intelektualistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistycznościach	intelektualistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistycznościami	intelektualistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistycznością	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczności	intelektualistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczności	intelektualistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczności	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczności	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczności	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistycznościom	intelektualistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczność	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczność	intelektualistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualistyczna	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intelektualistyczną	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intelektualistyczną	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intelektualistycznego	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intelektualistycznego	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualistyczne	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistyczne	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistyczne	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intelektualistyczne	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intelektualistycznej	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intelektualistycznej	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intelektualistycznej	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intelektualistycznemu	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualistyczni	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intelektualistyczno	intelektualistyczny	adja		
intelektualistycznych	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intelektualistycznych	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistycznych	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistyczny	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intelektualistyczny	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intelektualistycznymi	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistycznym	intelektualistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualistycznym	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualistycznym	intelektualistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualizacjach	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacja	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacjami	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacją	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacje	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizację	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacji	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intelektualizacji	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacji	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacjo	intelektualizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacjom	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizacyj	intelektualizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intelektualizmach	intelektualizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmami	intelektualizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmem	intelektualizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmie	intelektualizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmie	intelektualizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizm	intelektualizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmom	intelektualizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmowi	intelektualizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmów	intelektualizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmu	intelektualizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizmy	intelektualizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualizować	intelektualizować	inf:imperf		
intelektualizowaliby	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowalibyście	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowalibyśmy	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowali	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intelektualizowali	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowaliście	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowaliśmy	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałaby	intelektualizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałabym	intelektualizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałabyś	intelektualizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowała	intelektualizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intelektualizowała	intelektualizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałam	intelektualizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałaś	intelektualizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowałby	intelektualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałbym	intelektualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałbyś	intelektualizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowałem	intelektualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałeś	intelektualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intelektualizował	intelektualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intelektualizował	intelektualizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałoby	intelektualizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałobym	intelektualizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałobyś	intelektualizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowało	intelektualizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intelektualizowało	intelektualizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałom	intelektualizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowałoś	intelektualizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowałyby	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałybyście	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowałybyśmy	intelektualizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowały	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intelektualizowały	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intelektualizowałyście	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intelektualizowałyśmy	intelektualizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intelektualizowana	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaną	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanego	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanego	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowane	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowane	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanej	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanemu	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaniach	intelektualizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowania	intelektualizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowania	intelektualizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaniami	intelektualizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanie	intelektualizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaniem	intelektualizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowani	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaniom	intelektualizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowaniu	intelektualizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowano	intelektualizować	imps:imperf		
intelektualizowanych	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanych	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowany	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowany	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanymi	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanym	intelektualizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowanym	intelektualizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizowań	intelektualizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizująca	intelektualizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującą	intelektualizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującego	intelektualizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującego	intelektualizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujące	intelektualizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujące	intelektualizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującej	intelektualizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującemu	intelektualizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizując	intelektualizować	pcon:imperf		
intelektualizująco	intelektualizować	pacta		
intelektualizujących	intelektualizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujących	intelektualizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujący	intelektualizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujący	intelektualizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intelektualizujący	intelektualizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującymi	intelektualizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującym	intelektualizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizującym	intelektualizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intelektualizują	intelektualizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intelektualizujcie	intelektualizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intelektualizujecie	intelektualizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intelektualizuje	intelektualizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intelektualizujemy	intelektualizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intelektualizujesz	intelektualizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intelektualizuję	intelektualizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intelektualizuj	intelektualizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intelektualizujmy	intelektualizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intelektualnie	intelektualnie	adv:pos		
intelektualnościach	intelektualność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualnościami	intelektualność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualnością	intelektualność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualności	intelektualność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualności	intelektualność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualności	intelektualność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualności	intelektualność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualności	intelektualność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualnościom	intelektualność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualność	intelektualność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualność	intelektualność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelektualna	intelektualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intelektualną	intelektualny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intelektualną	intelektualny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intelektualnego	intelektualny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intelektualnego	intelektualny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualne	intelektualny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualne	intelektualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualne	intelektualny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intelektualne	intelektualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intelektualnej	intelektualny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intelektualnej	intelektualny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intelektualnej	intelektualny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intelektualnemu	intelektualny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualni	intelektualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intelektualno	intelektualny	adja		
intelektualnych	intelektualny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intelektualnych	intelektualny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualnych	intelektualny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualny	intelektualny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intelektualny	intelektualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intelektualnymi	intelektualny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualnym	intelektualny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelektualnym	intelektualny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelektualnym	intelektualny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligenciacy	inteligenciak	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciakach	inteligenciak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciaka	inteligenciak	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciakami	inteligenciak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciakiem	inteligenciak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciaki	inteligenciak	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciak	inteligenciak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciakom	inteligenciak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciakowi	inteligenciak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciaków	inteligenciak	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciaku	inteligenciak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenciaku	inteligenciak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencikach	inteligencik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencika	inteligencik	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencikami	inteligencik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencikiem	inteligencik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligenciki	inteligencik	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencik	inteligencik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencikom	inteligencik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencikowie	inteligencik	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencikowi	inteligencik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencików	inteligencik	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligenciku	inteligencik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligenciku	inteligencik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inteligencjach	inteligencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencja	inteligencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencjami	inteligencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencją	inteligencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencje	inteligencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencję	inteligencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencji	inteligencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inteligencji	inteligencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencji	inteligencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencjo	inteligencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencjom	inteligencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencyj	inteligencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inteligenccy	inteligencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inteligencka	inteligencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inteligencką	inteligencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inteligencką	inteligencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inteligenckich	inteligencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inteligenckich	inteligencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckich	inteligencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckiego	inteligencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inteligenckiego	inteligencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligenckie	inteligencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckie	inteligencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckie	inteligencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inteligenckie	inteligencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inteligenckiej	inteligencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inteligenckiej	inteligencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inteligenckiej	inteligencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inteligenckiemu	inteligencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligencki	inteligencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inteligencki	inteligencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inteligenckimi	inteligencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckim	inteligencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligenckim	inteligencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligenckim	inteligencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligencko	inteligencki	adja		
inteligencku	inteligencki	adjp		
inteligencko	inteligencko	adv:pos		
inteligenckościach	inteligenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckościami	inteligenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckością	inteligenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckości	inteligenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckości	inteligenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckości	inteligenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckości	inteligenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckości	inteligenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckościom	inteligenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckość	inteligenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenckość	inteligenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencie	inteligent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligencie	inteligent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenci	inteligent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentach	inteligent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenta	inteligent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentami	inteligent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentem	inteligent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligent	inteligent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentom	inteligent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentowi	inteligent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentów	inteligent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inteligenty	inteligent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentce	inteligentka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentek	inteligentka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentkach	inteligentka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentka	inteligentka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentkami	inteligentka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentką	inteligentka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentkę	inteligentka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentki	inteligentka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentki	inteligentka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentko	inteligentka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentkom	inteligentka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentnie	inteligentnie	adv:pos		
inteligentniej	inteligentnie	adv:com		
inteligentnościach	inteligentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentnościami	inteligentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentnością	inteligentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentności	inteligentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentności	inteligentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentności	inteligentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentności	inteligentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentności	inteligentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentnościom	inteligentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentność	inteligentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentność	inteligentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inteligentna	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inteligentną	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inteligentną	inteligentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inteligentnego	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inteligentnego	inteligentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligentne	inteligentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentne	inteligentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentne	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inteligentne	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inteligentnej	inteligentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inteligentnej	inteligentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inteligentnej	inteligentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inteligentnemu	inteligentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligentniejsi	inteligentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
inteligentniejsza	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
inteligentniejszą	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
inteligentniejszą	inteligentny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
inteligentniejszego	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
inteligentniejszego	inteligentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
inteligentniejsze	inteligentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejsze	inteligentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejsze	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
inteligentniejsze	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
inteligentniejszej	inteligentny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
inteligentniejszej	inteligentny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
inteligentniejszej	inteligentny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
inteligentniejszemu	inteligentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
inteligentniejszych	inteligentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
inteligentniejszych	inteligentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejszych	inteligentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejszy	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
inteligentniejszy	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
inteligentniejszymi	inteligentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejszym	inteligentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
inteligentniejszym	inteligentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
inteligentniejszym	inteligentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
inteligentni	inteligentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inteligentno	inteligentny	adja		
inteligentnych	inteligentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inteligentnych	inteligentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentnych	inteligentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentny	inteligentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inteligentny	inteligentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inteligentnymi	inteligentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentnym	inteligentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inteligentnym	inteligentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inteligentnym	inteligentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelowscy	intelowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intelowska	intelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intelowską	intelowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intelowską	intelowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intelowskich	intelowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intelowskich	intelowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskich	intelowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskiego	intelowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intelowskiego	intelowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelowskie	intelowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskie	intelowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskie	intelowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intelowskie	intelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intelowskiej	intelowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intelowskiej	intelowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intelowskiej	intelowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intelowskiemu	intelowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelowski	intelowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intelowski	intelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intelowskimi	intelowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskim	intelowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intelowskim	intelowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelowskim	intelowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intelowsko	intelowski	adja		
intelowsku	intelowski	adjp		
intelowsko	intelowsko	adv:pos		
intelowskościach	intelowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskościami	intelowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskością	intelowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskości	intelowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskości	intelowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskości	intelowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskości	intelowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskości	intelowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskościom	intelowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskość	intelowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intelowskość	intelowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjach	intencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencja	intencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjami	intencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencją	intencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencje	intencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencję	intencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencji	intencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intencji	intencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencji	intencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjo	intencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjom	intencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyj	intencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intencjonalizmach	intencjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmami	intencjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmem	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmie	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmie	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizm	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmom	intencjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmowi	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmów	intencjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmu	intencjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalizmy	intencjonalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalnie	intencjonalnie	adv:pos		
intencjonalnościach	intencjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalnościami	intencjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalnością	intencjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalności	intencjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalności	intencjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalności	intencjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalności	intencjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalności	intencjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalnościom	intencjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalność	intencjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalność	intencjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencjonalna	intencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intencjonalną	intencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intencjonalną	intencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intencjonalnego	intencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intencjonalnego	intencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencjonalne	intencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalne	intencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalne	intencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intencjonalne	intencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intencjonalnej	intencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intencjonalnej	intencjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intencjonalnej	intencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intencjonalnemu	intencjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencjonalni	intencjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intencjonalno	intencjonalny	adja		
intencjonalnych	intencjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intencjonalnych	intencjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalnych	intencjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalny	intencjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intencjonalny	intencjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intencjonalnymi	intencjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalnym	intencjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencjonalnym	intencjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencjonalnym	intencjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencyjnościach	intencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjnościami	intencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjnością	intencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjności	intencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjności	intencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjności	intencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjności	intencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjności	intencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjnościom	intencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjność	intencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjność	intencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intencyjna	intencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intencyjną	intencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intencyjną	intencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intencyjnego	intencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intencyjnego	intencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencyjne	intencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjne	intencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjne	intencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intencyjne	intencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intencyjnej	intencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intencyjnej	intencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intencyjnej	intencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intencyjnemu	intencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencyjni	intencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intencyjno	intencyjny	adja		
intencyjnych	intencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intencyjnych	intencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjnych	intencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjny	intencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intencyjny	intencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intencyjnymi	intencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjnym	intencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intencyjnym	intencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intencyjnym	intencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intendancie	intendant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendancie	intendant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendanci	intendant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantach	intendant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendanta	intendant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantami	intendant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantem	intendant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendant	intendant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantom	intendant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantowi	intendant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendantów	intendant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendanty	intendant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intendenccy	intendencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intendencka	intendencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intendencką	intendencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intendencką	intendencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intendenckich	intendencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intendenckich	intendencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckich	intendencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckiego	intendencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intendenckiego	intendencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intendenckie	intendencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckie	intendencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckie	intendencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intendenckie	intendencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intendenckiej	intendencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intendenckiej	intendencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intendenckiej	intendencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intendenckiemu	intendencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intendencki	intendencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intendencki	intendencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intendenckimi	intendencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckim	intendencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intendenckim	intendencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intendenckim	intendencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intendencko	intendencki	adja		
intendencku	intendencki	adjp		
intendencko	intendencko	adv:pos		
intendenckościach	intendenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckościami	intendenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckością	intendenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckości	intendenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckości	intendenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckości	intendenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckości	intendenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckości	intendenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckościom	intendenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckość	intendenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenckość	intendenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendencie	intendent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendencie	intendent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendenci	intendent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentach	intendent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendenta	intendent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentami	intendent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentem	intendent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendent	intendent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentom	intendent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentowi	intendent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendentów	intendent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intendenty	intendent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intendentce	intendentka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentek	intendentka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentkach	intendentka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentka	intendentka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentkami	intendentka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentką	intendentka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentkę	intendentka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentki	intendentka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentki	intendentka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentko	intendentka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentkom	intendentka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturach	intendentura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentura	intendentura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturami	intendentura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturą	intendentura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturę	intendentura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentur	intendentura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturo	intendentura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturom	intendentura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentury	intendentura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendentury	intendentura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intendenturze	intendentura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjach	intensja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensja	intensja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjami	intensja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensją	intensja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensje	intensja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensję	intensja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensji	intensja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intensji	intensja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensji	intensja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjo	intensja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjom	intensja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyj	intensja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intensjonalnie	intensjonalnie	adv:pos		
intensjonalnościach	intensjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalnościami	intensjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalnością	intensjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalności	intensjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalności	intensjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalności	intensjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalności	intensjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalności	intensjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalnościom	intensjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalność	intensjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalność	intensjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensjonalna	intensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intensjonalną	intensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intensjonalną	intensjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intensjonalnego	intensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intensjonalnego	intensjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensjonalne	intensjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalne	intensjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalne	intensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intensjonalne	intensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intensjonalnej	intensjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intensjonalnej	intensjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intensjonalnej	intensjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intensjonalnemu	intensjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensjonalni	intensjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intensjonalno	intensjonalny	adja		
intensjonalnych	intensjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intensjonalnych	intensjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalnych	intensjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalny	intensjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intensjonalny	intensjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intensjonalnymi	intensjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalnym	intensjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensjonalnym	intensjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensjonalnym	intensjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensyfikacjach	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacja	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacjami	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacją	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacje	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikację	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacji	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intensyfikacji	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacji	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacjo	intensyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacjom	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyj	intensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intensyfikacyjnościach	intensyfikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjnościami	intensyfikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjnością	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjności	intensyfikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjności	intensyfikacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjności	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjności	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjności	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjnościom	intensyfikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjność	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjność	intensyfikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensyfikacyjna	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjną	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjną	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjnego	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intensyfikacyjnego	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjne	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjne	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjne	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intensyfikacyjne	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intensyfikacyjnej	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjnej	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjnej	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intensyfikacyjnemu	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjni	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intensyfikacyjno	intensyfikacyjny	adja		
intensyfikacyjnych	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intensyfikacyjnych	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjnych	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjny	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intensyfikacyjny	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intensyfikacyjnymi	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjnym	intensyfikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjnym	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensyfikacyjnym	intensyfikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensyfikować	intensyfikować	inf:imperf		
intensyfikowaliby	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowalibyście	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowalibyśmy	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowali	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intensyfikowali	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowaliście	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowaliśmy	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałaby	intensyfikować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałabym	intensyfikować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałabyś	intensyfikować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowała	intensyfikować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intensyfikowała	intensyfikować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałam	intensyfikować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałaś	intensyfikować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowałby	intensyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałbym	intensyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałbyś	intensyfikować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowałem	intensyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałeś	intensyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intensyfikował	intensyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intensyfikował	intensyfikować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałoby	intensyfikować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałobym	intensyfikować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałobyś	intensyfikować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowało	intensyfikować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intensyfikowało	intensyfikować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałom	intensyfikować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowałoś	intensyfikować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowałyby	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałybyście	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowałybyśmy	intensyfikować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowały	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intensyfikowały	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intensyfikowałyście	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intensyfikowałyśmy	intensyfikować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intensyfikowana	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaną	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanego	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanego	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowane	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowane	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanej	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanemu	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaniach	intensyfikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowania	intensyfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowania	intensyfikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaniami	intensyfikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanie	intensyfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaniem	intensyfikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowani	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaniom	intensyfikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowaniu	intensyfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowano	intensyfikować	imps:imperf		
intensyfikowanych	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanych	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowany	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowany	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanymi	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanym	intensyfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowanym	intensyfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikowań	intensyfikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikująca	intensyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującą	intensyfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującego	intensyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującego	intensyfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujące	intensyfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujące	intensyfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującej	intensyfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującemu	intensyfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikując	intensyfikować	pcon:imperf		
intensyfikująco	intensyfikować	pacta		
intensyfikujących	intensyfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujących	intensyfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujący	intensyfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujący	intensyfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intensyfikujący	intensyfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującymi	intensyfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującym	intensyfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikującym	intensyfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensyfikują	intensyfikować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intensyfikujcie	intensyfikować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intensyfikujecie	intensyfikować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intensyfikuje	intensyfikować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intensyfikujemy	intensyfikować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intensyfikujesz	intensyfikować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intensyfikuję	intensyfikować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intensyfikuj	intensyfikować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intensyfikujmy	intensyfikować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intensywnie	intensywnie	adv:pos		
intensywniej	intensywnie	adv:com		
intensywniałaby	intensywnieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intensywniałabym	intensywnieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intensywniałabyś	intensywnieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intensywniała	intensywnieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intensywniała	intensywnieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intensywniałam	intensywnieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intensywniałaś	intensywnieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intensywniałby	intensywnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intensywniałbym	intensywnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intensywniałbyś	intensywnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intensywniałem	intensywnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intensywniałeś	intensywnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intensywniał	intensywnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intensywniał	intensywnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intensywniałoby	intensywnieć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intensywniałobym	intensywnieć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intensywniałobyś	intensywnieć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intensywniało	intensywnieć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intensywniało	intensywnieć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intensywniałom	intensywnieć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intensywniałoś	intensywnieć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intensywniałyby	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intensywniałybyście	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intensywniałybyśmy	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intensywniały	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intensywniały	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intensywniałyście	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intensywniałyśmy	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intensywniano	intensywnieć	imps:imperf		
intensywnieć	intensywnieć	inf:imperf		
intensywniejąca	intensywnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącą	intensywnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącego	intensywnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącego	intensywnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejące	intensywnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejące	intensywnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącej	intensywnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącemu	intensywnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejąc	intensywnieć	pcon:imperf		
intensywniejąco	intensywnieć	pacta		
intensywniejących	intensywnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensywniejących	intensywnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejący	intensywnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intensywniejący	intensywnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intensywniejący	intensywnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącymi	intensywnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącym	intensywnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intensywniejącym	intensywnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intensywnieją	intensywnieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intensywniejcie	intensywnieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intensywniejecie	intensywnieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intensywnieje	intensywnieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intensywniejemy	intensywnieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intensywniejesz	intensywnieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intensywnieję	intensywnieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intensywniej	intensywnieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intensywniejmy	intensywnieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intensywnieliby	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intensywnielibyście	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intensywnielibyśmy	intensywnieć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intensywnieli	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intensywnieli	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intensywnieliście	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intensywnieliśmy	intensywnieć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intensywnieniach	intensywnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnienia	intensywnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnienia	intensywnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnieniami	intensywnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnienie	intensywnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnieniem	intensywnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnieniom	intensywnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnieniu	intensywnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnień	intensywnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intensywnościach	intensywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywnościami	intensywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywnością	intensywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywności	intensywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywności	intensywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywności	intensywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywności	intensywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywności	intensywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywnościom	intensywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywność	intensywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywność	intensywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intensywna	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intensywną	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intensywną	intensywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intensywnego	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intensywnego	intensywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensywne	intensywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywne	intensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywne	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intensywne	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intensywnej	intensywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intensywnej	intensywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intensywnej	intensywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intensywnemu	intensywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensywniejsi	intensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
intensywniejsza	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
intensywniejszą	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
intensywniejszą	intensywny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
intensywniejszego	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
intensywniejszego	intensywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intensywniejsze	intensywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejsze	intensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejsze	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
intensywniejsze	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
intensywniejszej	intensywny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
intensywniejszej	intensywny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
intensywniejszej	intensywny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
intensywniejszemu	intensywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intensywniejszych	intensywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
intensywniejszych	intensywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejszych	intensywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejszy	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
intensywniejszy	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
intensywniejszymi	intensywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejszym	intensywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intensywniejszym	intensywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intensywniejszym	intensywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intensywni	intensywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intensywno	intensywny	adja		
intensywnych	intensywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intensywnych	intensywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywnych	intensywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywny	intensywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intensywny	intensywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intensywnymi	intensywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywnym	intensywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intensywnym	intensywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intensywnym	intensywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interakcjach	interakcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcja	interakcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjami	interakcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcją	interakcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcje	interakcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcję	interakcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcji	interakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interakcji	interakcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcji	interakcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjo	interakcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjom	interakcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyj	interakcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interakcjonistach	interakcjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonista	interakcjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonistami	interakcjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonistą	interakcjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonistę	interakcjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonisto	interakcjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonistom	interakcjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonistów	interakcjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonisty	interakcjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonisty	interakcjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjoniście	interakcjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjoniści	interakcjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmach	interakcjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmami	interakcjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmem	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmie	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmie	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizm	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmom	interakcjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmowi	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmów	interakcjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmu	interakcjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcjonizmy	interakcjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjnościach	interakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjnościami	interakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjnością	interakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjności	interakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjności	interakcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjności	interakcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjności	interakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjności	interakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjnościom	interakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjność	interakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjność	interakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interakcyjna	interakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interakcyjną	interakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interakcyjną	interakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interakcyjnego	interakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interakcyjnego	interakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interakcyjne	interakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjne	interakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjne	interakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interakcyjne	interakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interakcyjnej	interakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interakcyjnej	interakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interakcyjnej	interakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interakcyjnemu	interakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interakcyjni	interakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interakcyjno	interakcyjny	adja		
interakcyjnych	interakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interakcyjnych	interakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjnych	interakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjny	interakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interakcyjny	interakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interakcyjnymi	interakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjnym	interakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interakcyjnym	interakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interakcyjnym	interakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interaktywnie	interaktywnie	adv:pos		
interaktywnościach	interaktywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywnościami	interaktywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywnością	interaktywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywności	interaktywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywności	interaktywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywności	interaktywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywności	interaktywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywności	interaktywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywnościom	interaktywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywność	interaktywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywność	interaktywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interaktywna	interaktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interaktywną	interaktywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interaktywną	interaktywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interaktywnego	interaktywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interaktywnego	interaktywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interaktywne	interaktywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywne	interaktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywne	interaktywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interaktywne	interaktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interaktywnej	interaktywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interaktywnej	interaktywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interaktywnej	interaktywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interaktywnemu	interaktywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interaktywni	interaktywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interaktywno	interaktywny	adja		
interaktywnych	interaktywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interaktywnych	interaktywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywnych	interaktywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywny	interaktywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interaktywny	interaktywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interaktywnymi	interaktywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywnym	interaktywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interaktywnym	interaktywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interaktywnym	interaktywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intercedencie	intercedent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedencie	intercedent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedenci	intercedent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentach	intercedent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedenta	intercedent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentami	intercedent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentem	intercedent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedent	intercedent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentom	intercedent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentowi	intercedent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedentów	intercedent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercedenty	intercedent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|praw.
intercepcjach	intercepcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcja	intercepcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcjami	intercepcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcją	intercepcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcje	intercepcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcję	intercepcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcji	intercepcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intercepcji	intercepcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcji	intercepcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcjo	intercepcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcjom	intercepcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercepcyj	intercepcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interceptować	interceptować	inf:imperf		przest.
interceptowaliby	interceptować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowalibyście	interceptować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowalibyśmy	interceptować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowali	interceptować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		przest.
interceptowali	interceptować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowaliście	interceptować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowaliśmy	interceptować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałaby	interceptować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałabym	interceptować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałabyś	interceptować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowała	interceptować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
interceptowała	interceptować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałam	interceptować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałaś	interceptować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowałby	interceptować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałbym	interceptować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałbyś	interceptować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowałem	interceptować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałeś	interceptować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptował	interceptować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
interceptował	interceptować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałoby	interceptować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałobym	interceptować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałobyś	interceptować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowało	interceptować	praet:sg:n:imperf		przest.
interceptowało	interceptować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałom	interceptować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowałoś	interceptować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowałyby	interceptować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałybyście	interceptować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowałybyśmy	interceptować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowały	interceptować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		przest.
interceptowały	interceptować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptowałyście	interceptować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptowałyśmy	interceptować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptowana	interceptować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interceptowaną	interceptować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interceptowanego	interceptować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interceptowanego	interceptować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowane	interceptować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowane	interceptować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowanej	interceptować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interceptowanemu	interceptować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowaniach	interceptować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowania	interceptować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowania	interceptować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowaniami	interceptować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowanie	interceptować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowaniem	interceptować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowani	interceptować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interceptowaniom	interceptować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowaniu	interceptować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptowano	interceptować	imps:imperf		przest.
interceptowanych	interceptować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interceptowanych	interceptować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowany	interceptować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interceptowany	interceptować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interceptowanymi	interceptować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowanym	interceptować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowanym	interceptować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptowań	interceptować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interceptująca	interceptować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interceptującą	interceptować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interceptującego	interceptować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interceptującego	interceptować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptujące	interceptować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptujące	interceptować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interceptującej	interceptować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interceptującemu	interceptować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptując	interceptować	pcon:imperf		przest.
interceptująco	interceptować	pacta		
interceptujących	interceptować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interceptujących	interceptować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptujący	interceptować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interceptujący	interceptować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interceptujący	interceptować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interceptującymi	interceptować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptującym	interceptować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interceptującym	interceptować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interceptują	interceptować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptujcie	interceptować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptujecie	interceptować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptuje	interceptować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
interceptujemy	interceptować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptujesz	interceptować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptuję	interceptować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
interceptuj	interceptować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
interceptujmy	interceptować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
intercesjach	intercesja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesja	intercesja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesjami	intercesja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesją	intercesja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesje	intercesja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesję	intercesja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesji	intercesja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intercesji	intercesja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesji	intercesja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesjo	intercesja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesjom	intercesja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercesyj	intercesja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intercity	intercity	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzach	intercyza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyza	intercyza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzami	intercyza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzą	intercyza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzę	intercyza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzie	intercyza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyz	intercyza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzo	intercyza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzom	intercyza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzy	intercyza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intercyzy	intercyza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdykcjach	interdykcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcja	interdykcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcjami	interdykcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcją	interdykcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcje	interdykcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcję	interdykcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcji	interdykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
interdykcji	interdykcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcji	interdykcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcjo	interdykcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcjom	interdykcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcyj	interdykcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
interdykować	interdykować	inf:imperf		daw.
interdykowaliby	interdykować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowalibyście	interdykować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowalibyśmy	interdykować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowali	interdykować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
interdykowali	interdykować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowaliście	interdykować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowaliśmy	interdykować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałaby	interdykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałabym	interdykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałabyś	interdykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowała	interdykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
interdykowała	interdykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałam	interdykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałaś	interdykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowałby	interdykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałbym	interdykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałbyś	interdykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowałem	interdykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałeś	interdykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykował	interdykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
interdykował	interdykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałoby	interdykować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałobym	interdykować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałobyś	interdykować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowało	interdykować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
interdykowało	interdykować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałom	interdykować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowałoś	interdykować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowałyby	interdykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałybyście	interdykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowałybyśmy	interdykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowały	interdykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
interdykowały	interdykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykowałyście	interdykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykowałyśmy	interdykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykowana	interdykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interdykowaną	interdykować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interdykowanego	interdykować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interdykowanego	interdykować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowane	interdykować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowane	interdykować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowanej	interdykować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interdykowanemu	interdykować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowaniach	interdykować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowania	interdykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowania	interdykować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowaniami	interdykować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowanie	interdykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowaniem	interdykować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowani	interdykować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interdykowaniom	interdykować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowaniu	interdykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykowano	interdykować	imps:imperf		daw.
interdykowanych	interdykować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interdykowanych	interdykować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowany	interdykować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interdykowany	interdykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interdykowanymi	interdykować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowanym	interdykować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowanym	interdykować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykowań	interdykować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interdykująca	interdykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interdykującą	interdykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interdykującego	interdykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interdykującego	interdykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykujące	interdykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykujące	interdykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interdykującej	interdykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interdykującemu	interdykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykując	interdykować	pcon:imperf		daw.
interdykująco	interdykować	pacta		
interdykujących	interdykować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interdykujących	interdykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykujący	interdykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interdykujący	interdykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interdykujący	interdykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interdykującymi	interdykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykującym	interdykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interdykującym	interdykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interdykują	interdykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykujcie	interdykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykujecie	interdykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykuje	interdykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
interdykujemy	interdykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykujesz	interdykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykuję	interdykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykuj	interdykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
interdykujmy	interdykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
interdykcie	interdykt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykcie	interdykt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktach	interdykt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktami	interdykt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktem	interdykt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykt	interdykt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktom	interdykt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktowi	interdykt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktów	interdykt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyktu	interdykt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdykty	interdykt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interdyscyplinarnościach	interdyscyplinarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarnościami	interdyscyplinarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarnością	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarności	interdyscyplinarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarności	interdyscyplinarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarności	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarności	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarności	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarnościom	interdyscyplinarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarność	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarność	interdyscyplinarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interdyscyplinarna	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarną	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarną	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarnego	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interdyscyplinarnego	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarne	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarne	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarne	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interdyscyplinarne	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interdyscyplinarnej	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarnej	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarnej	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interdyscyplinarnemu	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarni	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interdyscyplinarno	interdyscyplinarny	adja		
interdyscyplinarnych	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interdyscyplinarnych	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarnych	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarny	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interdyscyplinarny	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interdyscyplinarnymi	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarnym	interdyscyplinarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarnym	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interdyscyplinarnym	interdyscyplinarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesach	interes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesa	interes	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesami	interes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesem	interes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesie	interes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesie	interes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interes	interes	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesom	interes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesowi	interes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesów	interes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesu	interes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesy	interes	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesancie	interesant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesancie	interesant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesanci	interesant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantach	interesant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesanta	interesant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantami	interesant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantem	interesant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesant	interesant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantom	interesant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantowi	interesant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesantów	interesant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesanty	interesant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interesantce	interesantka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantek	interesantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantkach	interesantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantka	interesantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantkami	interesantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantką	interesantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantkę	interesantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantki	interesantka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantki	interesantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantko	interesantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesantkom	interesantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesencie	interesent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesencie	interesent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesenci	interesent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentach	interesent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesenta	interesent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentami	interesent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentem	interesent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesent	interesent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentom	interesent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentowi	interesent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesentów	interesent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interesenty	interesent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interesideł	interesidło	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidle	interesidło	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidłach	interesidło	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidła	interesidło	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidła	interesidło	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidłami	interesidło	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidłem	interesidło	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidło	interesidło	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidłom	interesidło	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesidłu	interesidło	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
interesikach	interesik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesikami	interesik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesikiem	interesik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesiki	interesik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesik	interesik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesikom	interesik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesikowi	interesik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesików	interesik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesiku	interesik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesiku	interesik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesiku	interesik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interesować	interesować	inf:imperf		
interesowaliby	interesować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interesowalibyście	interesować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interesowalibyśmy	interesować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interesowali	interesować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
interesowali	interesować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interesowaliście	interesować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interesowaliśmy	interesować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interesowałaby	interesować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interesowałabym	interesować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interesowałabyś	interesować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interesowała	interesować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
interesowała	interesować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interesowałam	interesować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interesowałaś	interesować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interesowałby	interesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interesowałbym	interesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interesowałbyś	interesować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interesowałem	interesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interesowałeś	interesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interesował	interesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
interesował	interesować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interesowałoby	interesować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interesowałobym	interesować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interesowałobyś	interesować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interesowało	interesować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
interesowało	interesować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interesowałom	interesować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interesowałoś	interesować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interesowałyby	interesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interesowałybyście	interesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interesowałybyśmy	interesować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interesowały	interesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
interesowały	interesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interesowałyście	interesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interesowałyśmy	interesować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interesowana	interesować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interesowaną	interesować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interesowanego	interesować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interesowanego	interesować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesowane	interesować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesowane	interesować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interesowanej	interesować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interesowanemu	interesować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesowaniach	interesować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interesowania	interesować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interesowania	interesować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interesowaniami	interesować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interesowanie	interesować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interesowaniem	interesować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interesowani	interesować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interesowaniom	interesować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interesowaniu	interesować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interesowano	interesować	imps:imperf		
interesowanych	interesować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interesowanych	interesować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesowany	interesować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interesowany	interesować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interesowanymi	interesować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesowanym	interesować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesowanym	interesować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesowań	interesować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interesująca	interesować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interesującą	interesować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interesującego	interesować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interesującego	interesować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesujące	interesować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesujące	interesować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interesującej	interesować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interesującemu	interesować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesując	interesować	pcon:imperf		
interesująco	interesować	pacta		
interesujących	interesować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interesujących	interesować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesujący	interesować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interesujący	interesować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interesujący	interesować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interesującymi	interesować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesującym	interesować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interesującym	interesować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interesują	interesować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
interesujcie	interesować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
interesujecie	interesować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
interesuje	interesować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
interesujemy	interesować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
interesujesz	interesować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
interesuję	interesować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
interesuj	interesować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
interesujmy	interesować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
interesowanościach	interesowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowanościami	interesowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowanością	interesowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaności	interesowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaności	interesowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaności	interesowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaności	interesowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaności	interesowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowanościom	interesowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaność	interesowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowaność	interesowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowana	interesowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interesowaną	interesowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interesowaną	interesowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interesowanego	interesowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interesowanego	interesowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowane	interesowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowane	interesowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowane	interesowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interesowane	interesowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interesowanej	interesowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interesowanej	interesowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interesowanej	interesowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interesowanemu	interesowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowani	interesowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interesowano	interesowany	adja		
interesowanych	interesowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interesowanych	interesowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowanych	interesowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowany	interesowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interesowany	interesowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interesowanymi	interesowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowanym	interesowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowanym	interesowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowanym	interesowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesownie	interesownie	adv:pos		
interesowniej	interesownie	adv:com		
interesownościach	interesowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesownościami	interesowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesownością	interesowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowności	interesowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowności	interesowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowności	interesowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowności	interesowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowności	interesowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesownościom	interesowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowność	interesowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowność	interesowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesowna	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interesowną	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interesowną	interesowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interesownego	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interesownego	interesowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowne	interesowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowne	interesowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowne	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interesowne	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interesownej	interesowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interesownej	interesowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interesownej	interesowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interesownemu	interesowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowniejsi	interesowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		rzad.
interesowniejsza	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszą	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszą	interesowny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszego	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
interesowniejszego	interesowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejsze	interesowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejsze	interesowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejsze	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		rzad.
interesowniejsze	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszej	interesowny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszej	interesowny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszej	interesowny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
interesowniejszemu	interesowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszych	interesowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		rzad.
interesowniejszych	interesowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszych	interesowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszy	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
interesowniejszy	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
interesowniejszymi	interesowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszym	interesowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszym	interesowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		rzad.
interesowniejszym	interesowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		rzad.
interesowni	interesowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interesowno	interesowny	adja		
interesownych	interesowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interesownych	interesowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesownych	interesowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesowny	interesowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interesowny	interesowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interesownymi	interesowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesownym	interesowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesownym	interesowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesownym	interesowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesowościach	interesowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowościami	interesowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowością	interesowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowości	interesowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowości	interesowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowości	interesowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowości	interesowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowości	interesowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowościom	interesowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowość	interesowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowość	interesowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interesowa	interesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
interesową	interesowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
interesową	interesowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
interesowego	interesowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
interesowego	interesowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interesowe	interesowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowe	interesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowe	interesowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
interesowe	interesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
interesowej	interesowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
interesowej	interesowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
interesowej	interesowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
interesowemu	interesowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interesowi	interesowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
interesowo	interesowy	adja		przest.
interesowych	interesowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
interesowych	interesowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowych	interesowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowy	interesowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
interesowy	interesowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
interesowymi	interesowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowym	interesowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interesowym	interesowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interesowym	interesowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interesująco	interesująco	adv:pos		
interesującościach	interesującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującościami	interesującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującością	interesującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującości	interesującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującości	interesującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującości	interesującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującości	interesującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującości	interesującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującościom	interesującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującość	interesującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesującość	interesującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interesująca	interesujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interesującą	interesujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interesującą	interesujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interesującego	interesujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interesującego	interesujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesujące	interesujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesujące	interesujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesujące	interesujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interesujące	interesujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interesującej	interesujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interesującej	interesujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interesującej	interesujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interesującemu	interesujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesująco	interesujący	adja		
interesujących	interesujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interesujących	interesujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesujących	interesujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesujący	interesujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interesujący	interesujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interesujący	interesujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interesującymi	interesujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesującym	interesujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interesującym	interesujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interesującym	interesujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interface’ach	interface	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’ami	interface	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’em	interface	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface	interface	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’om	interface	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’owi	interface	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’ów	interface	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’u	interface	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interface’y	interface	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfasie	interface	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfasie	interface	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfazach	interfaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfaza	interfaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazami	interfaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazą	interfaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazę	interfaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazie	interfaza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfaz	interfaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazo	interfaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazom	interfaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazy	interfaza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfazy	interfaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsach	interfejs	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsami	interfejs	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsem	interfejs	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsie	interfejs	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsie	interfejs	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejs	interfejs	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsom	interfejs	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsowi	interfejs	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsów	interfejs	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsu	interfejs	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfejsy	interfejs	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferencjach	interferencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencja	interferencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencjami	interferencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencją	interferencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencje	interferencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencję	interferencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencji	interferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interferencji	interferencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencji	interferencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencjo	interferencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencjom	interferencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyj	interferencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interferencyjnościach	interferencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjnościami	interferencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjnością	interferencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjności	interferencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjności	interferencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjności	interferencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjności	interferencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjności	interferencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjnościom	interferencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjność	interferencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjność	interferencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferencyjna	interferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interferencyjną	interferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interferencyjną	interferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interferencyjnego	interferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interferencyjnego	interferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferencyjne	interferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjne	interferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjne	interferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interferencyjne	interferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interferencyjnej	interferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interferencyjnej	interferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interferencyjnej	interferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interferencyjnemu	interferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferencyjni	interferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interferencyjno	interferencyjny	adja		
interferencyjnych	interferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interferencyjnych	interferencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjnych	interferencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjny	interferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interferencyjny	interferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interferencyjnymi	interferencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjnym	interferencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferencyjnym	interferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferencyjnym	interferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferometrach	interferometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrami	interferometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrem	interferometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometr	interferometr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrom	interferometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrowi	interferometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrów	interferometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometru	interferometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometry	interferometr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrze	interferometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrze	interferometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferometriach	interferometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometria	interferometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometriami	interferometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrią	interferometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrie	interferometria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrię	interferometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrii	interferometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interferometrii	interferometria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrii	interferometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrio	interferometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometriom	interferometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryj	interferometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interferometrycznie	interferometrycznie	adv:pos		
interferometrycznościach	interferometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrycznościami	interferometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrycznością	interferometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczności	interferometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczności	interferometryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczności	interferometryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczności	interferometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczności	interferometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometrycznościom	interferometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczność	interferometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczność	interferometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferometryczna	interferometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interferometryczną	interferometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interferometryczną	interferometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interferometrycznego	interferometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interferometrycznego	interferometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferometryczne	interferometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometryczne	interferometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometryczne	interferometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interferometryczne	interferometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interferometrycznej	interferometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interferometrycznej	interferometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interferometrycznej	interferometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interferometrycznemu	interferometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferometryczni	interferometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interferometryczno	interferometryczny	adja		
interferometrycznych	interferometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interferometrycznych	interferometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometrycznych	interferometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometryczny	interferometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interferometryczny	interferometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interferometrycznymi	interferometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometrycznym	interferometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferometrycznym	interferometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferometrycznym	interferometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferonach	interferon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonami	interferon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonem	interferon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonie	interferon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonie	interferon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferon	interferon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonom	interferon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowi	interferon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonów	interferon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonu	interferon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferony	interferon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowościach	interferonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowościami	interferonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowością	interferonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowości	interferonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowości	interferonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowości	interferonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowości	interferonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowości	interferonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowościom	interferonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowość	interferonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowość	interferonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interferonowa	interferonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interferonową	interferonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interferonową	interferonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interferonowego	interferonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interferonowego	interferonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferonowe	interferonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowe	interferonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowe	interferonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interferonowe	interferonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interferonowej	interferonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interferonowej	interferonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interferonowej	interferonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interferonowemu	interferonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferonowi	interferonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interferonowo	interferonowy	adja		
interferonowych	interferonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interferonowych	interferonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowych	interferonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowy	interferonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interferonowy	interferonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interferonowymi	interferonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowym	interferonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interferonowym	interferonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferonowym	interferonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interferować	interferować	inf:imperf		
interferowaliby	interferować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interferowalibyście	interferować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interferowalibyśmy	interferować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interferowali	interferować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
interferowali	interferować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interferowaliście	interferować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interferowaliśmy	interferować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interferowałaby	interferować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interferowałabym	interferować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interferowałabyś	interferować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interferowała	interferować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
interferowała	interferować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interferowałam	interferować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interferowałaś	interferować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interferowałby	interferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interferowałbym	interferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interferowałbyś	interferować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interferowałem	interferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interferowałeś	interferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interferował	interferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
interferował	interferować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interferowałoby	interferować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interferowałobym	interferować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interferowałobyś	interferować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interferowało	interferować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
interferowało	interferować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interferowałom	interferować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interferowałoś	interferować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interferowałyby	interferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interferowałybyście	interferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interferowałybyśmy	interferować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interferowały	interferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
interferowały	interferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interferowałyście	interferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interferowałyśmy	interferować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interferowaniach	interferować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interferowania	interferować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interferowania	interferować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interferowaniami	interferować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interferowanie	interferować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interferowaniem	interferować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interferowaniom	interferować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interferowaniu	interferować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interferowano	interferować	imps:imperf		
interferowań	interferować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interferująca	interferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interferującą	interferować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interferującego	interferować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interferującego	interferować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interferujące	interferować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interferujące	interferować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interferującej	interferować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interferującemu	interferować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interferując	interferować	pcon:imperf		
interferująco	interferować	pacta		
interferujących	interferować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interferujących	interferować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interferujący	interferować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interferujący	interferować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interferujący	interferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interferującymi	interferować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interferującym	interferować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interferującym	interferować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interferują	interferować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
interferujcie	interferować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
interferujecie	interferować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
interferuje	interferować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
interferujemy	interferować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
interferujesz	interferować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
interferuję	interferować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
interferuj	interferować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
interferujmy	interferować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
interfoliować	interfoliować	inf:imperf		daw.
interfoliowaliby	interfoliować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowalibyście	interfoliować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowalibyśmy	interfoliować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowali	interfoliować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
interfoliowali	interfoliować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowaliście	interfoliować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowaliśmy	interfoliować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałaby	interfoliować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałabym	interfoliować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałabyś	interfoliować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowała	interfoliować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
interfoliowała	interfoliować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałam	interfoliować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałaś	interfoliować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałby	interfoliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałbym	interfoliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałbyś	interfoliować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałem	interfoliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałeś	interfoliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliował	interfoliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
interfoliował	interfoliować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałoby	interfoliować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałobym	interfoliować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałobyś	interfoliować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowało	interfoliować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
interfoliowało	interfoliować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałom	interfoliować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałoś	interfoliować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałyby	interfoliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałybyście	interfoliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałybyśmy	interfoliować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowały	interfoliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
interfoliowały	interfoliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałyście	interfoliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliowałyśmy	interfoliować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliowana	interfoliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaną	interfoliować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanego	interfoliować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanego	interfoliować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowane	interfoliować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowane	interfoliować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanej	interfoliować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanemu	interfoliować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaniach	interfoliować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowania	interfoliować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowania	interfoliować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaniami	interfoliować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanie	interfoliować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaniem	interfoliować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowani	interfoliować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaniom	interfoliować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowaniu	interfoliować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowano	interfoliować	imps:imperf		daw.
interfoliowanych	interfoliować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanych	interfoliować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowany	interfoliować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interfoliowany	interfoliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanymi	interfoliować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanym	interfoliować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowanym	interfoliować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliowań	interfoliować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliująca	interfoliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliującą	interfoliować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliującego	interfoliować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interfoliującego	interfoliować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliujące	interfoliować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliujące	interfoliować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interfoliującej	interfoliować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interfoliującemu	interfoliować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliując	interfoliować	pcon:imperf		daw.
interfoliująco	interfoliować	pacta		
interfoliujących	interfoliować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interfoliujących	interfoliować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliujący	interfoliować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interfoliujący	interfoliować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interfoliujący	interfoliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interfoliującymi	interfoliować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliującym	interfoliować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliującym	interfoliować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interfoliują	interfoliować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliujcie	interfoliować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliujecie	interfoliować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliuje	interfoliować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
interfoliujemy	interfoliować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliujesz	interfoliować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliuję	interfoliować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliuj	interfoliować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
interfoliujmy	interfoliować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
interfoliach	interfolium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolia	interfolium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfoliami	interfolium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfoliom	interfolium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfoliów	interfolium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolium	interfolium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolium	interfolium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolium	interfolium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolium	interfolium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfolium	interfolium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interfonach	interfon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonami	interfon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonem	interfon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonie	interfon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonie	interfon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfon	interfon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonom	interfon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonowi	interfon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonów	interfon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfonu	interfon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interfony	interfon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalnościach	interglacjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalnościami	interglacjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalnością	interglacjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalności	interglacjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalności	interglacjalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalności	interglacjalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalności	interglacjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalności	interglacjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalnościom	interglacjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalność	interglacjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalność	interglacjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjalna	interglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interglacjalną	interglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interglacjalną	interglacjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interglacjalnego	interglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interglacjalnego	interglacjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interglacjalne	interglacjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalne	interglacjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalne	interglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interglacjalne	interglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interglacjalnej	interglacjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interglacjalnej	interglacjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interglacjalnej	interglacjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interglacjalnemu	interglacjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interglacjalni	interglacjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interglacjalno	interglacjalny	adja		
interglacjalnych	interglacjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interglacjalnych	interglacjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalnych	interglacjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalny	interglacjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interglacjalny	interglacjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interglacjalnymi	interglacjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalnym	interglacjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interglacjalnym	interglacjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interglacjalnym	interglacjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interglacjale	interglacjał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjale	interglacjał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałach	interglacjał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałami	interglacjał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałem	interglacjał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjał	interglacjał	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałom	interglacjał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałowi	interglacjał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjałów	interglacjał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjału	interglacjał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interglacjały	interglacjał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcjach	interiekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcja	interiekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcjami	interiekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcją	interiekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcje	interiekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcję	interiekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcji	interiekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interiekcji	interiekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcji	interiekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcjo	interiekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcjom	interiekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interiekcyj	interiekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interierach	interier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierami	interier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierem	interier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interier	interier	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierom	interier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierowi	interier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierów	interier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interieru	interier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiery	interier	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierze	interier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interierze	interier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interim	interim	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interimalnie	interimalnie	adv:pos		daw.
interimalnościach	interimalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalnościami	interimalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalnością	interimalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalności	interimalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalności	interimalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalności	interimalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalności	interimalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalności	interimalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalnościom	interimalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalność	interimalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalność	interimalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interimalna	interimalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
interimalną	interimalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
interimalną	interimalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
interimalnego	interimalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
interimalnego	interimalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
interimalne	interimalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalne	interimalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalne	interimalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
interimalne	interimalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
interimalnej	interimalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
interimalnej	interimalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
interimalnej	interimalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
interimalnemu	interimalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
interimalni	interimalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
interimalno	interimalny	adja		daw.
interimalnych	interimalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
interimalnych	interimalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalnych	interimalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalny	interimalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
interimalny	interimalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
interimalnymi	interimalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalnym	interimalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
interimalnym	interimalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
interimalnym	interimalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
interiorach	interior	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorami	interior	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorem	interior	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interior	interior	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorom	interior	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorowi	interior	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorów	interior	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interioru	interior	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiory	interior	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorze	interior	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interiorze	interior	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacjach	interioryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacja	interioryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacjami	interioryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacją	interioryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacje	interioryzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzację	interioryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacji	interioryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interioryzacji	interioryzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacji	interioryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacjo	interioryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacjom	interioryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interioryzacyj	interioryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interioryzować	interioryzować	inf:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowaliby	interioryzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowalibyście	interioryzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowalibyśmy	interioryzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowali	interioryzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowali	interioryzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowaliście	interioryzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowaliśmy	interioryzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałaby	interioryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałabym	interioryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałabyś	interioryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowała	interioryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowała	interioryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałam	interioryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałaś	interioryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałby	interioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałbym	interioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałbyś	interioryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałem	interioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałeś	interioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzował	interioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
interioryzował	interioryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałoby	interioryzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałobym	interioryzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałobyś	interioryzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowało	interioryzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowało	interioryzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałom	interioryzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałoś	interioryzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałyby	interioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałybyście	interioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałybyśmy	interioryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowały	interioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowały	interioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałyście	interioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowałyśmy	interioryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowana	interioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaną	interioryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanego	interioryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanego	interioryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowane	interioryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowane	interioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanej	interioryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanemu	interioryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaniach	interioryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowania	interioryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowania	interioryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaniami	interioryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanie	interioryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaniem	interioryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowani	interioryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaniom	interioryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowaniu	interioryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowano	interioryzować	imps:imperf		rzad.
interioryzowanych	interioryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanych	interioryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowany	interioryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interioryzowany	interioryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanymi	interioryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanym	interioryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowanym	interioryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzowań	interioryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzująca	interioryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzującą	interioryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzującego	interioryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interioryzującego	interioryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzujące	interioryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzujące	interioryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interioryzującej	interioryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interioryzującemu	interioryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzując	interioryzować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
interioryzująco	interioryzować	pacta		
interioryzujących	interioryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interioryzujących	interioryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzujący	interioryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interioryzujący	interioryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interioryzujący	interioryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interioryzującymi	interioryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzującym	interioryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzującym	interioryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interioryzują	interioryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzujcie	interioryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzujecie	interioryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzuje	interioryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
interioryzujemy	interioryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzujesz	interioryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzuję	interioryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
interioryzuj	interioryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
interioryzujmy	interioryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
interkalacjach	interkalacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacja	interkalacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacjami	interkalacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacją	interkalacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacje	interkalacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalację	interkalacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacji	interkalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
interkalacji	interkalacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacji	interkalacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacjo	interkalacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacjom	interkalacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interkalacyj	interkalacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
interkinezach	interkineza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkineza	interkineza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezami	interkineza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezą	interkineza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezę	interkineza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezie	interkineza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinez	interkineza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezo	interkineza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezom	interkineza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezy	interkineza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkinezy	interkineza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumniach	interkolumnium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnia	interkolumnium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumniami	interkolumnium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumniom	interkolumnium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumniów	interkolumnium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnium	interkolumnium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnium	interkolumnium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnium	interkolumnium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnium	interkolumnium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkolumnium	interkolumnium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interkomach	interkom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomami	interkom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomem	interkom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomie	interkom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomie	interkom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkom	interkom	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomom	interkom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomowi	interkom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomów	interkom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomu	interkom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomy	interkom	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacjach	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacja	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacjami	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacją	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacje	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikację	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacji	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interkomunikacji	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacji	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacjo	interkomunikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacjom	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkomunikacyj	interkomunikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interkontynentalnościach	interkontynentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalnościami	interkontynentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalnością	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalności	interkontynentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalności	interkontynentalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalności	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalności	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalności	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalnościom	interkontynentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalność	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalność	interkontynentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkontynentalna	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interkontynentalną	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interkontynentalną	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interkontynentalnego	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interkontynentalnego	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkontynentalne	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalne	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalne	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interkontynentalne	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interkontynentalnej	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interkontynentalnej	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interkontynentalnej	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interkontynentalnemu	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkontynentalni	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interkontynentalno	interkontynentalny	adja		
interkontynentalnych	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interkontynentalnych	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalnych	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalny	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interkontynentalny	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interkontynentalnymi	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalnym	interkontynentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkontynentalnym	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkontynentalnym	interkontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkulturowościach	interkulturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowościami	interkulturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowością	interkulturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowości	interkulturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowości	interkulturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowości	interkulturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowości	interkulturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowości	interkulturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowościom	interkulturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowość	interkulturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowość	interkulturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interkulturowa	interkulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interkulturową	interkulturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interkulturową	interkulturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interkulturowego	interkulturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interkulturowego	interkulturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkulturowe	interkulturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowe	interkulturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowe	interkulturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interkulturowe	interkulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interkulturowej	interkulturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interkulturowej	interkulturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interkulturowej	interkulturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interkulturowemu	interkulturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkulturowi	interkulturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interkulturowo	interkulturowy	adja		
interkulturowych	interkulturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interkulturowych	interkulturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowych	interkulturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowy	interkulturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interkulturowy	interkulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interkulturowymi	interkulturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowym	interkulturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interkulturowym	interkulturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interkulturowym	interkulturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interleukinach	interleukina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukina	interleukina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukinami	interleukina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukiną	interleukina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukinę	interleukina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukinie	interleukina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukin	interleukina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukino	interleukina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukinom	interleukina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukiny	interleukina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interleukiny	interleukina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlidze	interliga	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligach	interliga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interliga	interliga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligami	interliga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligą	interliga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligę	interliga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligi	interliga	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligi	interliga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlig	interliga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligo	interliga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interligom	interliga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacjach	interlineacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacja	interlineacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacjami	interlineacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacją	interlineacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacje	interlineacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineację	interlineacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacji	interlineacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interlineacji	interlineacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacji	interlineacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacjo	interlineacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacjom	interlineacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlineacyj	interlineacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interlinearnościach	interlinearność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearnościami	interlinearność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearnością	interlinearność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearności	interlinearność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearności	interlinearność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearności	interlinearność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearności	interlinearność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearności	interlinearność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearnościom	interlinearność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearność	interlinearność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearność	interlinearność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinearna	interlinearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interlinearną	interlinearny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interlinearną	interlinearny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interlinearnego	interlinearny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interlinearnego	interlinearny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interlinearne	interlinearny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearne	interlinearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearne	interlinearny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interlinearne	interlinearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interlinearnej	interlinearny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interlinearnej	interlinearny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interlinearnej	interlinearny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interlinearnemu	interlinearny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interlinearni	interlinearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interlinearno	interlinearny	adja		
interlinearnych	interlinearny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interlinearnych	interlinearny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearnych	interlinearny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearny	interlinearny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interlinearny	interlinearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interlinearnymi	interlinearny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearnym	interlinearny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interlinearnym	interlinearny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interlinearnym	interlinearny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interliniach	interlinia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinia	interlinia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interliniami	interlinia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinią	interlinia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinie	interlinia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinię	interlinia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinii	interlinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interlinii	interlinia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinii	interlinia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlinij	interlinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interlinio	interlinia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interliniom	interlinia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interliniować	interliniować	inf:imperf		poligr.
interliniowaliby	interliniować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowalibyście	interliniować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowalibyśmy	interliniować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowali	interliniować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		poligr.
interliniowali	interliniować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowaliście	interliniować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowaliśmy	interliniować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałaby	interliniować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałabym	interliniować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałabyś	interliniować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowała	interliniować	praet:sg:f:imperf		poligr.
interliniowała	interliniować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałam	interliniować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałaś	interliniować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałby	interliniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałbym	interliniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałbyś	interliniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałem	interliniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałeś	interliniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniował	interliniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		poligr.
interliniował	interliniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałoby	interliniować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałobym	interliniować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałobyś	interliniować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowało	interliniować	praet:sg:n:imperf		poligr.
interliniowało	interliniować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałom	interliniować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałoś	interliniować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałyby	interliniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałybyście	interliniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałybyśmy	interliniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowały	interliniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		poligr.
interliniowały	interliniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałyście	interliniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniowałyśmy	interliniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniowana	interliniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interliniowaną	interliniować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interliniowanego	interliniować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interliniowanego	interliniować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowane	interliniować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowane	interliniować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowanej	interliniować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interliniowanemu	interliniować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowaniach	interliniować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowania	interliniować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowania	interliniować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowaniami	interliniować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowanie	interliniować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowaniem	interliniować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowani	interliniować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interliniowaniom	interliniować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowaniu	interliniować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniowano	interliniować	imps:imperf		poligr.
interliniowanych	interliniować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interliniowanych	interliniować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowany	interliniować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interliniowany	interliniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interliniowanymi	interliniować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowanym	interliniować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowanym	interliniować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniowań	interliniować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interliniująca	interliniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interliniującą	interliniować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interliniującego	interliniować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interliniującego	interliniować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniujące	interliniować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniujące	interliniować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interliniującej	interliniować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interliniującemu	interliniować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniując	interliniować	pcon:imperf		poligr.
interliniująco	interliniować	pacta		
interliniujących	interliniować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interliniujących	interliniować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniujący	interliniować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interliniujący	interliniować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interliniujący	interliniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interliniującymi	interliniować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniującym	interliniować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interliniującym	interliniować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interliniują	interliniować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniujcie	interliniować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniujecie	interliniować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniuje	interliniować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		poligr.
interliniujemy	interliniować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniujesz	interliniować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniuję	interliniować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		poligr.
interliniuj	interliniować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		poligr.
interliniujmy	interliniować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		poligr.
interlokucjach	interlokucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucja	interlokucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucjami	interlokucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucją	interlokucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucje	interlokucja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucję	interlokucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucji	interlokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
interlokucji	interlokucja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucji	interlokucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucjo	interlokucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucjom	interlokucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interlokucyj	interlokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
interlokutorach	interlokutor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutora	interlokutor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorami	interlokutor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorem	interlokutor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutor	interlokutor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorom	interlokutor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorowi	interlokutor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorów	interlokutor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutory	interlokutor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorze	interlokutor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorze	interlokutor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorzy	interlokutor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorce	interlokutorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorek	interlokutorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorkach	interlokutorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorka	interlokutorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorkami	interlokutorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorką	interlokutorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorkę	interlokutorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorki	interlokutorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorki	interlokutorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorko	interlokutorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interlokutorkom	interlokutorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interludiach	interludium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludia	interludium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludiami	interludium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludiom	interludium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludiów	interludium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludium	interludium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludium	interludium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludium	interludium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludium	interludium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interludium	interludium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialnościach	intermedialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialnościami	intermedialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialnością	intermedialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialności	intermedialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialności	intermedialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialności	intermedialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialności	intermedialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialności	intermedialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialnościom	intermedialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialność	intermedialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialność	intermedialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermedialna	intermedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intermedialną	intermedialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intermedialną	intermedialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intermedialnego	intermedialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intermedialnego	intermedialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermedialne	intermedialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialne	intermedialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialne	intermedialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intermedialne	intermedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intermedialnej	intermedialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intermedialnej	intermedialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intermedialnej	intermedialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intermedialnemu	intermedialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermedialni	intermedialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intermedialno	intermedialny	adja		
intermedialnych	intermedialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intermedialnych	intermedialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialnych	intermedialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialny	intermedialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intermedialny	intermedialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intermedialnymi	intermedialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialnym	intermedialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermedialnym	intermedialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermedialnym	intermedialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermediowościach	intermediowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowościami	intermediowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowością	intermediowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowości	intermediowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowości	intermediowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowości	intermediowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowości	intermediowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowości	intermediowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowościom	intermediowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowość	intermediowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowość	intermediowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intermediowa	intermediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intermediową	intermediowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intermediową	intermediowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intermediowego	intermediowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intermediowego	intermediowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermediowe	intermediowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowe	intermediowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowe	intermediowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intermediowe	intermediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intermediowej	intermediowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intermediowej	intermediowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intermediowej	intermediowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intermediowemu	intermediowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermediowi	intermediowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intermediowo	intermediowy	adja		
intermediowych	intermediowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intermediowych	intermediowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowych	intermediowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowy	intermediowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intermediowy	intermediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intermediowymi	intermediowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowym	intermediowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intermediowym	intermediowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermediowym	intermediowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intermediach	intermedium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedia	intermedium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermediami	intermedium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermediom	intermedium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermediów	intermedium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedium	intermedium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedium	intermedium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedium	intermedium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedium	intermedium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermedium	intermedium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzach	intermezzo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezza	intermezzo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezza	intermezzo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzami	intermezzo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzem	intermezzo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzo	intermezzo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzom	intermezzo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzów	intermezzo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzu	intermezzo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermezzu	intermezzo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intermistycznościach	intermistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistycznościami	intermistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistycznością	intermistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczności	intermistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczności	intermistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczności	intermistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczności	intermistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczności	intermistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistycznościom	intermistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczność	intermistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczność	intermistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intermistyczna	intermistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
intermistyczną	intermistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
intermistyczną	intermistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
intermistycznego	intermistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
intermistycznego	intermistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
intermistyczne	intermistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistyczne	intermistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistyczne	intermistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
intermistyczne	intermistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
intermistycznej	intermistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
intermistycznej	intermistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
intermistycznej	intermistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
intermistycznemu	intermistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
intermistyczni	intermistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
intermistyczno	intermistyczny	adja		przest.
intermistycznych	intermistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
intermistycznych	intermistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistycznych	intermistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistyczny	intermistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
intermistyczny	intermistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
intermistycznymi	intermistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistycznym	intermistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
intermistycznym	intermistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
intermistycznym	intermistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
internach	intern	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
interna	intern	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internami	intern	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internem	intern	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internie	intern	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internie	intern	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
interni	intern	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
intern	intern	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internom	intern	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internowi	intern	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internów	intern	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
interny	intern	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
internach	interna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interna	interna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internami	interna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interną	interna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internę	interna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internie	interna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intern	interna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interno	interna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internom	interna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interny	interna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interny	interna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistach	internacjonalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalista	internacjonalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistami	internacjonalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistą	internacjonalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistę	internacjonalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalisto	internacjonalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistom	internacjonalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistów	internacjonalista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalisty	internacjonalista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalisty	internacjonalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonaliście	internacjonalista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonaliści	internacjonalista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistycznościach	internacjonalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistycznościami	internacjonalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistycznością	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczności	internacjonalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczności	internacjonalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczności	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczności	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczności	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistycznościom	internacjonalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczność	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczność	internacjonalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalistyczna	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internacjonalistyczną	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internacjonalistyczną	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internacjonalistycznego	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internacjonalistycznego	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalistyczne	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistyczne	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistyczne	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internacjonalistyczne	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internacjonalistycznej	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internacjonalistycznej	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internacjonalistycznej	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internacjonalistycznemu	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalistyczni	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internacjonalistyczno	internacjonalistyczny	adja		
internacjonalistycznych	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internacjonalistycznych	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistycznych	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistyczny	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internacjonalistyczny	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internacjonalistycznymi	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistycznym	internacjonalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalistycznym	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalistycznym	internacjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalizacjach	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacja	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacjami	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacją	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacje	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizację	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacji	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
internacjonalizacji	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacji	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacjo	internacjonalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacjom	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizacyj	internacjonalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
internacjonalizmach	internacjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmami	internacjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmem	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmie	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmie	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizm	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmom	internacjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmowi	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmów	internacjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmu	internacjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizmy	internacjonalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalizować	internacjonalizować	inf:imperf		
internacjonalizowaliby	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowalibyście	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowalibyśmy	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowali	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
internacjonalizowali	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowaliście	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowaliśmy	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałaby	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałabym	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałabyś	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowała	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
internacjonalizowała	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałam	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałaś	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowałby	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałbym	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałbyś	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowałem	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałeś	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizował	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
internacjonalizował	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałoby	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałobym	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałobyś	internacjonalizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowało	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
internacjonalizowało	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałom	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowałoś	internacjonalizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowałyby	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałybyście	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowałybyśmy	internacjonalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowały	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
internacjonalizowały	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizowałyście	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizowałyśmy	internacjonalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizowana	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaną	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanego	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanego	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowane	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowane	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanej	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanemu	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaniach	internacjonalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowania	internacjonalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowania	internacjonalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaniami	internacjonalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanie	internacjonalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaniem	internacjonalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowani	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaniom	internacjonalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowaniu	internacjonalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowano	internacjonalizować	imps:imperf		
internacjonalizowanych	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanych	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowany	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowany	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanymi	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanym	internacjonalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowanym	internacjonalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizowań	internacjonalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizująca	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującą	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującego	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującego	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujące	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujące	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującej	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującemu	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizując	internacjonalizować	pcon:imperf		
internacjonalizująco	internacjonalizować	pacta		
internacjonalizujących	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujących	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujący	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujący	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizujący	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującymi	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującym	internacjonalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizującym	internacjonalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internacjonalizują	internacjonalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizujcie	internacjonalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizujecie	internacjonalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizuje	internacjonalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
internacjonalizujemy	internacjonalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizujesz	internacjonalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizuję	internacjonalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
internacjonalizuj	internacjonalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
internacjonalizujmy	internacjonalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
internacjonalnościach	internacjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalnościami	internacjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalnością	internacjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalności	internacjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalności	internacjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalności	internacjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalności	internacjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalności	internacjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalnościom	internacjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalność	internacjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalność	internacjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonalna	internacjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internacjonalną	internacjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internacjonalną	internacjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internacjonalnego	internacjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internacjonalnego	internacjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalne	internacjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalne	internacjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalne	internacjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internacjonalne	internacjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internacjonalnej	internacjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internacjonalnej	internacjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internacjonalnej	internacjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internacjonalnemu	internacjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalni	internacjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internacjonalno	internacjonalny	adja		
internacjonalnych	internacjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internacjonalnych	internacjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalnych	internacjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalny	internacjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internacjonalny	internacjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internacjonalnymi	internacjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalnym	internacjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internacjonalnym	internacjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonalnym	internacjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacjonale	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonale	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałach	internacjonał:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałami	internacjonał:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałem	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonał	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałom	internacjonał:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałowi	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałów	internacjonał:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonału	internacjonał:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonały	internacjonał:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonale	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonale	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałach	internacjonał:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonała	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałami	internacjonał:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałem	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonał	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałom	internacjonał:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałowie	internacjonał:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałowi	internacjonał:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonałów	internacjonał:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internacjonały	internacjonał:s2	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internaccy	internacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internacka	internacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internacką	internacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internacką	internacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internackich	internacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internackich	internacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackich	internacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackiego	internacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internackiego	internacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internackie	internacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackie	internacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackie	internacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internackie	internacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internackiej	internacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internackiej	internacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internackiej	internacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internackiemu	internacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacki	internacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internacki	internacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internackimi	internacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackim	internacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internackim	internacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internackim	internacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internacko	internacki	adja		
internacku	internacki	adjp		
internacko	internacko	adv:pos		
internackościach	internackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackościami	internackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackością	internackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackości	internackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackości	internackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackości	internackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackości	internackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackości	internackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackościom	internackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackość	internackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internackość	internackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacjach	internalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacja	internalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacjami	internalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacją	internalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacje	internalizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizację	internalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacji	internalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
internalizacji	internalizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacji	internalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacjo	internalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacjom	internalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internalizacyj	internalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
internalizować	internalizować	inf:imperf		
internalizowaliby	internalizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
internalizowalibyście	internalizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
internalizowalibyśmy	internalizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
internalizowali	internalizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
internalizowali	internalizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
internalizowaliście	internalizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
internalizowaliśmy	internalizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
internalizowałaby	internalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
internalizowałabym	internalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
internalizowałabyś	internalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
internalizowała	internalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
internalizowała	internalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
internalizowałam	internalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
internalizowałaś	internalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
internalizowałby	internalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
internalizowałbym	internalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
internalizowałbyś	internalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
internalizowałem	internalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
internalizowałeś	internalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
internalizował	internalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
internalizował	internalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
internalizowałoby	internalizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
internalizowałobym	internalizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
internalizowałobyś	internalizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
internalizowało	internalizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
internalizowało	internalizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
internalizowałom	internalizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
internalizowałoś	internalizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
internalizowałyby	internalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
internalizowałybyście	internalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
internalizowałybyśmy	internalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
internalizowały	internalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
internalizowały	internalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
internalizowałyście	internalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
internalizowałyśmy	internalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
internalizowana	internalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
internalizowaną	internalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
internalizowanego	internalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
internalizowanego	internalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowane	internalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowane	internalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowanej	internalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
internalizowanemu	internalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowaniach	internalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowania	internalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowania	internalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowaniami	internalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowanie	internalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowaniem	internalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowani	internalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
internalizowaniom	internalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowaniu	internalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizowano	internalizować	imps:imperf		
internalizowanych	internalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
internalizowanych	internalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowany	internalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
internalizowany	internalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
internalizowanymi	internalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowanym	internalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowanym	internalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizowań	internalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
internalizująca	internalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
internalizującą	internalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
internalizującego	internalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
internalizującego	internalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizujące	internalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizujące	internalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
internalizującej	internalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
internalizującemu	internalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizując	internalizować	pcon:imperf		
internalizująco	internalizować	pacta		
internalizujących	internalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
internalizujących	internalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizujący	internalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
internalizujący	internalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
internalizujący	internalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
internalizującymi	internalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizującym	internalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internalizującym	internalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internalizują	internalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
internalizujcie	internalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
internalizujecie	internalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
internalizuje	internalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
internalizujemy	internalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
internalizujesz	internalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
internalizuję	internalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
internalizuj	internalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
internalizujmy	internalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
internacie	internat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internacie	internat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatach	internat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatami	internat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatem	internat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internat	internat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatom	internat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatowi	internat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatów	internat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatu	internat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internaty	internat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcach	internatowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowca	internatowiec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcami	internatowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowce	internatowiec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcem	internatowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcom	internatowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcowi	internatowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowców	internatowiec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcu	internatowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcu	internatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcy	internatowiec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowcze	internatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowiec	internatowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internatowościach	internatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowościami	internatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowością	internatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowości	internatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowości	internatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowości	internatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowości	internatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowości	internatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowościom	internatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowość	internatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowość	internatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internatowa	internatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internatową	internatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internatową	internatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internatowego	internatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internatowego	internatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internatowe	internatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowe	internatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowe	internatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internatowe	internatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internatowej	internatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internatowej	internatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internatowej	internatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internatowemu	internatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internatowi	internatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internatowo	internatowy	adja		
internatowych	internatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internatowych	internatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowych	internatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowy	internatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internatowy	internatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internatowymi	internatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowym	internatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internatowym	internatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internatowym	internatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internaucie	internauta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internauci	internauta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautach	internauta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internauta	internauta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautami	internauta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautą	internauta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautę	internauta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internauto	internauta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautom	internauta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautów	internauta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internauty	internauta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internauty	internauta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internautce	internautka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautek	internautka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautkach	internautka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautka	internautka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautkami	internautka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautką	internautka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautkę	internautka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautki	internautka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautki	internautka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautko	internautka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internautkom	internautka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internecie	internet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internecie	internet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetach	internet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetami	internet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetem	internet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internet	internet	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetom	internet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetowi	internet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetów	internet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetu	internet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internety	internet	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
internetowo	internetowo	adv:pos		
internetowościach	internetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowościami	internetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowością	internetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowości	internetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowości	internetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowości	internetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowości	internetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowości	internetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowościom	internetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowość	internetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowość	internetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetowa	internetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internetową	internetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internetową	internetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internetowego	internetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internetowego	internetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internetowe	internetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowe	internetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowe	internetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internetowe	internetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internetowej	internetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internetowej	internetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internetowej	internetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internetowemu	internetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internetowi	internetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internetowo	internetowy	adja		
internetowych	internetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internetowych	internetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowych	internetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowy	internetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internetowy	internetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internetowymi	internetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowym	internetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internetowym	internetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internetowym	internetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internetyzacjach	internetyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacja	internetyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacjami	internetyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacją	internetyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacje	internetyzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzację	internetyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacji	internetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
internetyzacji	internetyzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacji	internetyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacjo	internetyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacjom	internetyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internetyzacyj	internetyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
internistach	internista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internista	internista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistami	internista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistą	internista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistę	internista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internisto	internista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistom	internista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistów	internista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internisty	internista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internisty	internista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interniście	internista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interniści	internista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internistce	internistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistek	internistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistkach	internistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistka	internistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistkami	internistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistką	internistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistkę	internistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistki	internistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistki	internistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistko	internistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistkom	internistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistycznościach	internistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistycznościami	internistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistycznością	internistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczności	internistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczności	internistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczności	internistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczności	internistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczności	internistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistycznościom	internistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczność	internistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczność	internistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internistyczna	internistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internistyczną	internistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internistyczną	internistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internistycznego	internistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internistycznego	internistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internistyczne	internistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistyczne	internistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistyczne	internistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internistyczne	internistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internistycznej	internistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internistycznej	internistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internistycznej	internistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internistycznemu	internistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internistyczni	internistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internistyczno	internistyczny	adja		
internistycznych	internistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internistycznych	internistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistycznych	internistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistyczny	internistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internistyczny	internistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internistycznymi	internistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistycznym	internistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internistycznym	internistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internistycznym	internistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internować	internować	inf:imperf.perf		
internowaliby	internować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
internowalibyście	internować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
internowalibyśmy	internować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
internowali	internować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
internowali	internować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
internowaliście	internować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
internowaliśmy	internować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałaby	internować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałabym	internować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałabyś	internować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
internowała	internować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
internowała	internować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałam	internować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałaś	internować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
internowałby	internować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałbym	internować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałbyś	internować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
internowałem	internować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałeś	internować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
internował	internować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
internował	internować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałoby	internować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałobym	internować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałobyś	internować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
internowało	internować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
internowało	internować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałom	internować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
internowałoś	internować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
internowałyby	internować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałybyście	internować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
internowałybyśmy	internować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
internowały	internować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
internowały	internować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
internowałyście	internować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
internowałyśmy	internować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
internowana	internować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaną	internować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanego	internować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanego	internować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowane	internować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowane	internować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanej	internować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanemu	internować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaniach	internować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowania	internować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowania	internować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaniami	internować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanie	internować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaniem	internować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowani	internować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaniom	internować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowaniu	internować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowano	internować	imps:imperf.perf		
internowanych	internować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanych	internować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowany	internować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
internowany	internować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanymi	internować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanym	internować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowanym	internować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowań	internować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
internowawszy	internować	pant:perf		
internująca	internować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
internującą	internować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
internującego	internować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
internującego	internować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internujące	internować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internujące	internować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
internującej	internować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
internującemu	internować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internując	internować	pcon:imperf		
internująco	internować	pacta		
internujących	internować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
internujących	internować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internujący	internować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
internujący	internować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
internujący	internować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
internującymi	internować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internującym	internować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
internującym	internować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
internują	internować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
internujcie	internować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
internujecie	internować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
internuje	internować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
internujemy	internować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
internujesz	internować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
internuję	internować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
internuj	internować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
internujmy	internować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
internowana	internowana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowana	internowana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowaną	internowana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowaną	internowana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowane	internowana	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanej	internowana	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanej	internowana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanych	internowana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanych	internowana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanymi	internowana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowanym	internowana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
internowana	internowany:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
internowaną	internowany:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
internowaną	internowany:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
internowanego	internowany:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
internowanego	internowany:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internowane	internowany:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowane	internowany:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowane	internowany:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
internowane	internowany:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
internowanej	internowany:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
internowanej	internowany:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
internowanej	internowany:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
internowanemu	internowany:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internowani	internowany:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
internowano	internowany:a	adja		
internowanych	internowany:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
internowanych	internowany:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowanych	internowany:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowany	internowany:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
internowany	internowany:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
internowanymi	internowany:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowanym	internowany:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
internowanym	internowany:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internowanym	internowany:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
internowanego	internowany:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowane	internowany:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internowanemu	internowany:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowani	internowany:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanych	internowany:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanych	internowany:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowany	internowany:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowany	internowany:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanymi	internowany:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanym	internowany:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanym	internowany:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internowanym	internowany:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszach	internuncjusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjusza	internuncjusz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszami	internuncjusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjusze	internuncjusz	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjusze	internuncjusz	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszem	internuncjusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjusz	internuncjusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszom	internuncjusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszowi	internuncjusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszów	internuncjusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszu	internuncjusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszu	internuncjusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
internuncjuszy	internuncjusz	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjnościach	interoperacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjnościami	interoperacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjnością	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjności	interoperacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjności	interoperacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjności	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjności	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjności	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjnościom	interoperacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjność	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoperacyjność	interoperacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorach	interoreceptor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptora	interoreceptor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorami	interoreceptor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorem	interoreceptor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptor	interoreceptor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorom	interoreceptor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorowi	interoreceptor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorów	interoreceptor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptory	interoreceptor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorze	interoreceptor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interoreceptorze	interoreceptor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacjach	interpelacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacja	interpelacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacjami	interpelacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacją	interpelacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacje	interpelacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelację	interpelacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacji	interpelacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interpelacji	interpelacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacji	interpelacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacjo	interpelacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacjom	interpelacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyj	interpelacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interpelacyjnościach	interpelacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjnościami	interpelacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjnością	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjności	interpelacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjności	interpelacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjności	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjności	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjności	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjnościom	interpelacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjność	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjność	interpelacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpelacyjna	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpelacyjną	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpelacyjną	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpelacyjnego	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpelacyjnego	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpelacyjne	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjne	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjne	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpelacyjne	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpelacyjnej	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpelacyjnej	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpelacyjnej	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpelacyjnemu	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpelacyjni	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpelacyjno	interpelacyjny	adja		
interpelacyjnych	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpelacyjnych	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjnych	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjny	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpelacyjny	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpelacyjnymi	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjnym	interpelacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpelacyjnym	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpelacyjnym	interpelacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpelancie	interpelant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelancie	interpelant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelanci	interpelant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantach	interpelant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelanta	interpelant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantami	interpelant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantem	interpelant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelant	interpelant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantom	interpelant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantowi	interpelant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelantów	interpelant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelanty	interpelant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorach	interpelator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatora	interpelator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorami	interpelator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorem	interpelator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelator	interpelator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorom	interpelator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorowi	interpelator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorów	interpelator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatory	interpelator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorze	interpelator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorze	interpelator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelatorzy	interpelator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpelować	interpelować	inf:imperf		
interpelowaliby	interpelować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interpelowalibyście	interpelować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interpelowalibyśmy	interpelować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interpelowali	interpelować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
interpelowali	interpelować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interpelowaliście	interpelować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interpelowaliśmy	interpelować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interpelowałaby	interpelować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interpelowałabym	interpelować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interpelowałabyś	interpelować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interpelowała	interpelować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
interpelowała	interpelować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interpelowałam	interpelować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interpelowałaś	interpelować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interpelowałby	interpelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interpelowałbym	interpelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interpelowałbyś	interpelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interpelowałem	interpelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interpelowałeś	interpelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interpelował	interpelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
interpelował	interpelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interpelowałoby	interpelować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interpelowałobym	interpelować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interpelowałobyś	interpelować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interpelowało	interpelować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
interpelowało	interpelować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interpelowałom	interpelować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interpelowałoś	interpelować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interpelowałyby	interpelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interpelowałybyście	interpelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interpelowałybyśmy	interpelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interpelowały	interpelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
interpelowały	interpelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interpelowałyście	interpelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interpelowałyśmy	interpelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interpelowana	interpelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interpelowaną	interpelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interpelowanego	interpelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interpelowanego	interpelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowane	interpelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowane	interpelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowanej	interpelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interpelowanemu	interpelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowaniach	interpelować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowania	interpelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowania	interpelować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowaniami	interpelować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowanie	interpelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowaniem	interpelować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowani	interpelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpelowaniom	interpelować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowaniu	interpelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelowano	interpelować	imps:imperf		
interpelowanych	interpelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpelowanych	interpelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowany	interpelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interpelowany	interpelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interpelowanymi	interpelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowanym	interpelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowanym	interpelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelowań	interpelować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interpelująca	interpelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interpelującą	interpelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interpelującego	interpelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interpelującego	interpelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelujące	interpelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelujące	interpelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interpelującej	interpelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interpelującemu	interpelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelując	interpelować	pcon:imperf		
interpelująco	interpelować	pacta		
interpelujących	interpelować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpelujących	interpelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelujący	interpelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpelujący	interpelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interpelujący	interpelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interpelującymi	interpelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelującym	interpelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpelującym	interpelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpelują	interpelować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
interpelujcie	interpelować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
interpelujecie	interpelować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
interpeluje	interpelować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
interpelujemy	interpelować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
interpelujesz	interpelować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
interpeluję	interpelować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
interpeluj	interpelować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
interpelujmy	interpelować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
interpersonalnie	interpersonalnie	adv:pos		
interpersonalnościach	interpersonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalnościami	interpersonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalnością	interpersonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalności	interpersonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalności	interpersonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalności	interpersonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalności	interpersonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalności	interpersonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalnościom	interpersonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalność	interpersonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalność	interpersonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpersonalna	interpersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpersonalną	interpersonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpersonalną	interpersonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpersonalnego	interpersonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpersonalnego	interpersonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpersonalne	interpersonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalne	interpersonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalne	interpersonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpersonalne	interpersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpersonalnej	interpersonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpersonalnej	interpersonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpersonalnej	interpersonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpersonalnemu	interpersonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpersonalni	interpersonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpersonalno	interpersonalny	adja		
interpersonalnych	interpersonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpersonalnych	interpersonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalnych	interpersonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalny	interpersonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpersonalny	interpersonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpersonalnymi	interpersonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalnym	interpersonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpersonalnym	interpersonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpersonalnym	interpersonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpolacjach	interpolacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacja	interpolacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacjami	interpolacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacją	interpolacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacje	interpolacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolację	interpolacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacji	interpolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interpolacji	interpolacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacji	interpolacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacjo	interpolacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacjom	interpolacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyj	interpolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interpolacyjnościach	interpolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjnościami	interpolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjnością	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjności	interpolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjności	interpolacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjności	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjności	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjności	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjnościom	interpolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjność	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjność	interpolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpolacyjna	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpolacyjną	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpolacyjną	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpolacyjnego	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpolacyjnego	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpolacyjne	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjne	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjne	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpolacyjne	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpolacyjnej	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpolacyjnej	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpolacyjnej	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpolacyjnemu	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpolacyjni	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpolacyjno	interpolacyjny	adja		
interpolacyjnych	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpolacyjnych	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjnych	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjny	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpolacyjny	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpolacyjnymi	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjnym	interpolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpolacyjnym	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpolacyjnym	interpolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpolować	interpolować	inf:imperf.perf		
interpolowaliby	interpolować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowalibyście	interpolować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowalibyśmy	interpolować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowali	interpolować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
interpolowali	interpolować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowaliście	interpolować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowaliśmy	interpolować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałaby	interpolować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałabym	interpolować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałabyś	interpolować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowała	interpolować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
interpolowała	interpolować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałam	interpolować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałaś	interpolować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowałby	interpolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałbym	interpolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałbyś	interpolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowałem	interpolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałeś	interpolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolował	interpolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
interpolował	interpolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałoby	interpolować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałobym	interpolować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałobyś	interpolować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowało	interpolować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
interpolowało	interpolować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałom	interpolować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowałoś	interpolować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowałyby	interpolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałybyście	interpolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowałybyśmy	interpolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowały	interpolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
interpolowały	interpolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolowałyście	interpolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolowałyśmy	interpolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolowana	interpolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaną	interpolować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanego	interpolować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanego	interpolować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowane	interpolować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowane	interpolować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanej	interpolować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanemu	interpolować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaniach	interpolować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowania	interpolować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowania	interpolować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaniami	interpolować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanie	interpolować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaniem	interpolować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowani	interpolować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaniom	interpolować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowaniu	interpolować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowano	interpolować	imps:imperf.perf		
interpolowanych	interpolować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanych	interpolować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowany	interpolować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowany	interpolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanymi	interpolować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanym	interpolować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowanym	interpolować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowań	interpolować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interpolowawszy	interpolować	pant:perf		
interpolująca	interpolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interpolującą	interpolować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interpolującego	interpolować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interpolującego	interpolować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpolujące	interpolować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpolujące	interpolować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interpolującej	interpolować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interpolującemu	interpolować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpolując	interpolować	pcon:imperf		
interpolująco	interpolować	pacta		
interpolujących	interpolować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpolujących	interpolować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpolujący	interpolować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpolujący	interpolować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interpolujący	interpolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interpolującymi	interpolować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpolującym	interpolować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpolującym	interpolować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpolują	interpolować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolujcie	interpolować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolujecie	interpolować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
interpoluje	interpolować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
interpolujemy	interpolować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
interpolujesz	interpolować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
interpoluję	interpolować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
interpoluj	interpolować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
interpolujmy	interpolować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
interpozycjach	interpozycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycja	interpozycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycjami	interpozycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycją	interpozycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycje	interpozycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycję	interpozycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycji	interpozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
interpozycji	interpozycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycji	interpozycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycjo	interpozycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycjom	interpozycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interpozycyj	interpozycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
interpretacjach	interpretacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacja	interpretacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacjami	interpretacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacją	interpretacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacje	interpretacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretację	interpretacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacji	interpretacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interpretacji	interpretacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacji	interpretacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacjo	interpretacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacjom	interpretacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyj	interpretacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interpretacyjnie	interpretacyjnie	adv:pos		
interpretacyjnościach	interpretacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjnościami	interpretacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjnością	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjności	interpretacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjności	interpretacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjności	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjności	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjności	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjnościom	interpretacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjność	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjność	interpretacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretacyjna	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpretacyjną	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpretacyjną	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpretacyjnego	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpretacyjnego	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretacyjne	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjne	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjne	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpretacyjne	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpretacyjnej	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpretacyjnej	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpretacyjnej	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpretacyjnemu	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretacyjni	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpretacyjno	interpretacyjny	adja		
interpretacyjnych	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpretacyjnych	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjnych	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjny	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpretacyjny	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpretacyjnymi	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjnym	interpretacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretacyjnym	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretacyjnym	interpretacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretatorach	interpretator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatora	interpretator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorami	interpretator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorem	interpretator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretator	interpretator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorom	interpretator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorowi	interpretator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorów	interpretator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatory	interpretator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorze	interpretator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorze	interpretator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorzy	interpretator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorce	interpretatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorek	interpretatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorkach	interpretatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorka	interpretatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorkami	interpretatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorką	interpretatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorkę	interpretatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorki	interpretatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorki	interpretatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorko	interpretatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorkom	interpretatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorscy	interpretatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpretatorska	interpretatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpretatorską	interpretatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpretatorską	interpretatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpretatorskich	interpretatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpretatorskich	interpretatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskich	interpretatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskiego	interpretatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpretatorskiego	interpretatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretatorskie	interpretatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskie	interpretatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskie	interpretatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpretatorskie	interpretatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpretatorskiej	interpretatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpretatorskiej	interpretatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpretatorskiej	interpretatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpretatorskiemu	interpretatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretatorski	interpretatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpretatorski	interpretatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpretatorskimi	interpretatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskim	interpretatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpretatorskim	interpretatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretatorskim	interpretatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpretatorsko	interpretatorski	adja		
interpretatorsku	interpretatorski	adjp		
interpretatorsko	interpretatorsko	adv:pos		
interpretatorskościach	interpretatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskościami	interpretatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskością	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskości	interpretatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskości	interpretatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskości	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskości	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskości	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskościom	interpretatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskość	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpretatorskość	interpretatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterach	interpreter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpretera	interpreter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterami	interpreter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterem	interpreter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreter	interpreter	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterom	interpreter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterowi	interpreter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterów	interpreter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpretery	interpreter	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterze	interpreter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpreterze	interpreter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interpretować	interpretować	inf:imperf		
interpretowaliby	interpretować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interpretowalibyście	interpretować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interpretowalibyśmy	interpretować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interpretowali	interpretować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
interpretowali	interpretować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
interpretowaliście	interpretować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
interpretowaliśmy	interpretować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
interpretowałaby	interpretować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interpretowałabym	interpretować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interpretowałabyś	interpretować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interpretowała	interpretować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
interpretowała	interpretować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
interpretowałam	interpretować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
interpretowałaś	interpretować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
interpretowałby	interpretować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interpretowałbym	interpretować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interpretowałbyś	interpretować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interpretowałem	interpretować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
interpretowałeś	interpretować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
interpretował	interpretować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
interpretował	interpretować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
interpretowałoby	interpretować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interpretowałobym	interpretować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interpretowałobyś	interpretować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interpretowało	interpretować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
interpretowało	interpretować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
interpretowałom	interpretować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
interpretowałoś	interpretować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
interpretowałyby	interpretować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interpretowałybyście	interpretować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interpretowałybyśmy	interpretować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interpretowały	interpretować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
interpretowały	interpretować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
interpretowałyście	interpretować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
interpretowałyśmy	interpretować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
interpretowana	interpretować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interpretowaną	interpretować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interpretowanego	interpretować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interpretowanego	interpretować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowane	interpretować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowane	interpretować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowanej	interpretować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interpretowanemu	interpretować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowaniach	interpretować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowania	interpretować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowania	interpretować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowaniami	interpretować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowanie	interpretować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowaniem	interpretować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowani	interpretować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpretowaniom	interpretować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowaniu	interpretować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretowano	interpretować	imps:imperf		
interpretowanych	interpretować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpretowanych	interpretować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowany	interpretować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interpretowany	interpretować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interpretowanymi	interpretować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowanym	interpretować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowanym	interpretować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretowań	interpretować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
interpretująca	interpretować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interpretującą	interpretować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interpretującego	interpretować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interpretującego	interpretować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretujące	interpretować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretujące	interpretować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interpretującej	interpretować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interpretującemu	interpretować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretując	interpretować	pcon:imperf		
interpretująco	interpretować	pacta		
interpretujących	interpretować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpretujących	interpretować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretujący	interpretować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interpretujący	interpretować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interpretujący	interpretować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interpretującymi	interpretować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretującym	interpretować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interpretującym	interpretować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interpretują	interpretować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
interpretujcie	interpretować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
interpretujecie	interpretować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
interpretuje	interpretować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
interpretujemy	interpretować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
interpretujesz	interpretować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
interpretuję	interpretować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
interpretuj	interpretować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
interpretujmy	interpretować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
interpunkcjach	interpunkcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcja	interpunkcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcjami	interpunkcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcją	interpunkcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcje	interpunkcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcję	interpunkcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcji	interpunkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|jęz.
interpunkcji	interpunkcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcji	interpunkcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcjo	interpunkcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcjom	interpunkcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
interpunkcyj	interpunkcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|jęz.
interpunkcyjnościach	interpunkcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjnościami	interpunkcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjnością	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjności	interpunkcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjności	interpunkcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjności	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjności	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjności	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjnościom	interpunkcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjność	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjność	interpunkcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interpunkcyjna	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interpunkcyjną	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interpunkcyjną	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interpunkcyjnego	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interpunkcyjnego	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpunkcyjne	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjne	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjne	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interpunkcyjne	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interpunkcyjnej	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interpunkcyjnej	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interpunkcyjnej	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interpunkcyjnemu	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpunkcyjni	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interpunkcyjno	interpunkcyjny	adja		
interpunkcyjnych	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interpunkcyjnych	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjnych	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjny	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interpunkcyjny	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interpunkcyjnymi	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjnym	interpunkcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interpunkcyjnym	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interpunkcyjnym	interpunkcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interregnach	interregnum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregna	interregnum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnami	interregnum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnom	interregnum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnów	interregnum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnum	interregnum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnum	interregnum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnum	interregnum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnum	interregnum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interregnum	interregnum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interreksach	interreks	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksa	interreks	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksami	interreks	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksem	interreks	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksie	interreks	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksie	interreks	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreks	interreks	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksom	interreks	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksowie	interreks	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksowi	interreks	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksów	interreks	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksy	interreks	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksach	interrex	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksa	interrex	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksami	interrex	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksem	interrex	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksie	interrex	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksie	interrex	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksom	interrex	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksowie	interrex	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksowi	interrex	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksów	interrex	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interreksy	interrex	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interrex	interrex	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
interrogacjach	interrogacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacja	interrogacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacjami	interrogacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacją	interrogacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacje	interrogacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogację	interrogacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacji	interrogacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
interrogacji	interrogacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacji	interrogacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacjo	interrogacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacjom	interrogacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
interrogacyj	interrogacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
interrupcjach	interrupcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcja	interrupcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcjami	interrupcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcją	interrupcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcje	interrupcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcję	interrupcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcji	interrupcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interrupcji	interrupcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcji	interrupcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcjo	interrupcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcjom	interrupcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interrupcyj	interrupcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intersekcjach	intersekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcja	intersekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcjami	intersekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcją	intersekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcje	intersekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcję	intersekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcji	intersekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intersekcji	intersekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcji	intersekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcjo	intersekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcjom	intersekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersekcyj	intersekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interseksach	interseks	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksa	interseks	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksami	interseks	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksem	interseks	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksie	interseks	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksie	interseks	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseks	interseks	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksom	interseks	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksowi	interseks	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksów	interseks	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksy	interseks	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistach	interseksualista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualista	interseksualista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistami	interseksualista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistą	interseksualista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistę	interseksualista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualisto	interseksualista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistom	interseksualista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualistów	interseksualista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualisty	interseksualista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualisty	interseksualista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualiście	interseksualista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualiści	interseksualista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmach	interseksualizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmami	interseksualizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmem	interseksualizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmie	interseksualizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmie	interseksualizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizm	interseksualizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmom	interseksualizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmowi	interseksualizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmów	interseksualizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmu	interseksualizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualizmy	interseksualizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualnościach	interseksualność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualnościami	interseksualność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualnością	interseksualność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualności	interseksualność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualności	interseksualność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualności	interseksualność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualności	interseksualność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualności	interseksualność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualnościom	interseksualność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualność	interseksualność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualność	interseksualność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interseksualna	interseksualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interseksualną	interseksualny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interseksualną	interseksualny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interseksualnego	interseksualny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interseksualnego	interseksualny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interseksualne	interseksualny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualne	interseksualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualne	interseksualny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interseksualne	interseksualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interseksualnej	interseksualny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interseksualnej	interseksualny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interseksualnej	interseksualny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interseksualnemu	interseksualny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interseksualni	interseksualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interseksualno	interseksualny	adja		
interseksualnych	interseksualny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interseksualnych	interseksualny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualnych	interseksualny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualny	interseksualny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interseksualny	interseksualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interseksualnymi	interseksualny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualnym	interseksualny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interseksualnym	interseksualny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interseksualnym	interseksualny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intersputnikach	intersputnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnika	intersputnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnikami	intersputnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnikiem	intersputnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputniki	intersputnik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnik	intersputnik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnikom	intersputnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputnikowi	intersputnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputników	intersputnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputniku	intersputnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersputniku	intersputnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialnościach	interstadialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialnościami	interstadialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialnością	interstadialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialności	interstadialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialności	interstadialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialności	interstadialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialności	interstadialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialności	interstadialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialnościom	interstadialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialność	interstadialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialność	interstadialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interstadialna	interstadialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interstadialną	interstadialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interstadialną	interstadialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interstadialnego	interstadialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interstadialnego	interstadialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interstadialne	interstadialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialne	interstadialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialne	interstadialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interstadialne	interstadialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interstadialnej	interstadialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interstadialnej	interstadialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interstadialnej	interstadialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interstadialnemu	interstadialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interstadialni	interstadialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interstadialno	interstadialny	adja		
interstadialnych	interstadialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interstadialnych	interstadialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialnych	interstadialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialny	interstadialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interstadialny	interstadialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interstadialnymi	interstadialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialnym	interstadialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interstadialnym	interstadialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interstadialnym	interstadialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interstadiale	interstadiał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiale	interstadiał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałach	interstadiał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałami	interstadiał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałem	interstadiał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiał	interstadiał	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałom	interstadiał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałowi	interstadiał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiałów	interstadiał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiału	interstadiał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interstadiały	interstadiał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmach	intersubiektywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmami	intersubiektywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmem	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmie	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmie	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizm	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmom	intersubiektywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmowi	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmów	intersubiektywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmu	intersubiektywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywizmy	intersubiektywizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywnie	intersubiektywnie	adv:pos		
intersubiektywnościach	intersubiektywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywnościami	intersubiektywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywnością	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywności	intersubiektywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywności	intersubiektywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywności	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywności	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywności	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywnościom	intersubiektywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywność	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywność	intersubiektywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intersubiektywna	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intersubiektywną	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intersubiektywną	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intersubiektywnego	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intersubiektywnego	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intersubiektywne	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywne	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywne	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intersubiektywne	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intersubiektywnej	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intersubiektywnej	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intersubiektywnej	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intersubiektywnemu	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intersubiektywni	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intersubiektywno	intersubiektywny	adja		
intersubiektywnych	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intersubiektywnych	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywnych	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywny	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intersubiektywny	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intersubiektywnymi	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywnym	intersubiektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intersubiektywnym	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intersubiektywnym	intersubiektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intertekstualnościach	intertekstualność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualnościami	intertekstualność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualnością	intertekstualność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualności	intertekstualność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualności	intertekstualność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualności	intertekstualność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualności	intertekstualność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualności	intertekstualność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualnościom	intertekstualność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualność	intertekstualność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertekstualność	intertekstualność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypach	intertyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypami	intertyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypem	intertyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypie	intertyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypie	intertyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertyp	intertyp	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypom	intertyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowi	intertyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypów	intertyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypu	intertyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypy	intertyp	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowościach	intertypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowościami	intertypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowością	intertypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowości	intertypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowości	intertypowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowości	intertypowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowości	intertypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowości	intertypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowościom	intertypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowość	intertypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowość	intertypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intertypowa	intertypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intertypową	intertypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intertypową	intertypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intertypowego	intertypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intertypowego	intertypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intertypowe	intertypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowe	intertypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowe	intertypowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intertypowe	intertypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intertypowej	intertypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intertypowej	intertypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intertypowej	intertypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intertypowemu	intertypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intertypowi	intertypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intertypowo	intertypowy	adja		
intertypowych	intertypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intertypowych	intertypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowych	intertypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowy	intertypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intertypowy	intertypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intertypowymi	intertypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowym	intertypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intertypowym	intertypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intertypowym	intertypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interview	interview	subst:sg.pl:nom.gen.dat.acc.inst.loc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
interwalach	interwal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalami	interwal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwale	interwal	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalem	interwal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwali	interwal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwal	interwal	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalom	interwal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalowi	interwal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalów	interwal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalu	interwal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalu	interwal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwalu	interwal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwale	interwał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwale	interwał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałach	interwał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałami	interwał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałem	interwał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwał	interwał	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałom	interwał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowi	interwał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałów	interwał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwału	interwał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwały	interwał	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowościach	interwałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowościami	interwałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowością	interwałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowości	interwałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowości	interwałowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowości	interwałowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowości	interwałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowości	interwałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowościom	interwałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowość	interwałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowość	interwałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwałowa	interwałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interwałową	interwałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interwałową	interwałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interwałowego	interwałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interwałowego	interwałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwałowe	interwałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowe	interwałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowe	interwałowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interwałowe	interwałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interwałowej	interwałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interwałowej	interwałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interwałowej	interwałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interwałowemu	interwałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwałowi	interwałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interwałowo	interwałowy	adja		
interwałowych	interwałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interwałowych	interwałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowych	interwałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowy	interwałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interwałowy	interwałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interwałowymi	interwałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowym	interwałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwałowym	interwałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwałowym	interwałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencjach	interwencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencja	interwencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjami	interwencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencją	interwencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencje	interwencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencję	interwencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencji	interwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interwencji	interwencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencji	interwencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjo	interwencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjom	interwencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyj	interwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interwencjonistach	interwencjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonista	interwencjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistami	interwencjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistą	interwencjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistę	interwencjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonisto	interwencjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistom	interwencjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistów	interwencjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonisty	interwencjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonisty	interwencjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjoniście	interwencjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjoniści	interwencjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistycznościach	interwencjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistycznościami	interwencjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistycznością	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczności	interwencjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczności	interwencjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczności	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczności	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczności	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistycznościom	interwencjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczność	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczność	interwencjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonistyczna	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interwencjonistyczną	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interwencjonistyczną	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interwencjonistycznego	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interwencjonistycznego	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencjonistyczne	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistyczne	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistyczne	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interwencjonistyczne	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interwencjonistycznej	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interwencjonistycznej	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interwencjonistycznej	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interwencjonistycznemu	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencjonistyczni	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interwencjonistyczno	interwencjonistyczny	adja		
interwencjonistycznych	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interwencjonistycznych	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistycznych	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistyczny	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interwencjonistyczny	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interwencjonistycznymi	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistycznym	interwencjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencjonistycznym	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencjonistycznym	interwencjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencjonizmach	interwencjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmami	interwencjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmem	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmie	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmie	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizm	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmom	interwencjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmowi	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmów	interwencjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmu	interwencjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencjonizmy	interwencjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjnie	interwencyjnie	adv:pos		
interwencyjnościach	interwencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjnościami	interwencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjnością	interwencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjności	interwencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjności	interwencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjności	interwencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjności	interwencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjności	interwencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjnościom	interwencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjność	interwencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjność	interwencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwencyjna	interwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interwencyjną	interwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interwencyjną	interwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interwencyjnego	interwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interwencyjnego	interwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencyjne	interwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjne	interwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjne	interwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interwencyjne	interwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interwencyjnej	interwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interwencyjnej	interwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interwencyjnej	interwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interwencyjnemu	interwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencyjni	interwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interwencyjno	interwencyjny	adja		
interwencyjnych	interwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interwencyjnych	interwencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjnych	interwencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjny	interwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interwencyjny	interwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interwencyjnymi	interwencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjnym	interwencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwencyjnym	interwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwencyjnym	interwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interweniencie	interwenient	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interweniencie	interwenient	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenienci	interwenient	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientach	interwenient	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenienta	interwenient	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientami	interwenient	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientem	interwenient	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenient	interwenient	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientom	interwenient	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientowi	interwenient	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientów	interwenient	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenienty	interwenient	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientce	interwenientka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientek	interwenientka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientkach	interwenientka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientka	interwenientka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientkami	interwenientka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientką	interwenientka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientkę	interwenientka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientki	interwenientka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientki	interwenientka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientko	interwenientka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwenientkom	interwenientka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interweniować	interweniować	inf:imperf.perf		
interweniowaliby	interweniować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowalibyście	interweniować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowalibyśmy	interweniować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowali	interweniować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
interweniowali	interweniować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowaliście	interweniować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowaliśmy	interweniować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałaby	interweniować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałabym	interweniować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałabyś	interweniować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowała	interweniować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
interweniowała	interweniować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałam	interweniować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałaś	interweniować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowałby	interweniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałbym	interweniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałbyś	interweniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowałem	interweniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałeś	interweniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniował	interweniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
interweniował	interweniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałoby	interweniować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałobym	interweniować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałobyś	interweniować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowało	interweniować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
interweniowało	interweniować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałom	interweniować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowałoś	interweniować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowałyby	interweniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałybyście	interweniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowałybyśmy	interweniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowały	interweniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
interweniowały	interweniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniowałyście	interweniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniowałyśmy	interweniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniowaniach	interweniować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowania	interweniować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowania	interweniować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowaniami	interweniować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowanie	interweniować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowaniem	interweniować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowaniom	interweniować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowaniu	interweniować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowano	interweniować	imps:imperf.perf		
interweniowań	interweniować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
interweniowawszy	interweniować	pant:perf		
interweniująca	interweniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
interweniującą	interweniować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
interweniującego	interweniować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
interweniującego	interweniować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interweniujące	interweniować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interweniujące	interweniować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
interweniującej	interweniować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
interweniującemu	interweniować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interweniując	interweniować	pcon:imperf		
interweniująco	interweniować	pacta		
interweniujących	interweniować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
interweniujących	interweniować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interweniujący	interweniować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
interweniujący	interweniować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
interweniujący	interweniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
interweniującymi	interweniować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interweniującym	interweniować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
interweniującym	interweniować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
interweniują	interweniować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniujcie	interweniować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniujecie	interweniować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniuje	interweniować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
interweniujemy	interweniować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniujesz	interweniować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniuję	interweniować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
interweniuj	interweniować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
interweniujmy	interweniować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
interwencie	interwent	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwencie	interwent	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenci	interwent	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentach	interwent	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenta	interwent	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentami	interwent	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentem	interwent	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwent	interwent	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentom	interwent	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentowi	interwent	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwentów	interwent	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
interwenty	interwent	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
interwiewach	interwiew	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewami	interwiew	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewem	interwiew	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewie	interwiew	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewie	interwiew	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiew	interwiew	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewom	interwiew	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewowi	interwiew	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewów	interwiew	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewu	interwiew	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwiewy	interwiew	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interwizjach	interwizja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizja	interwizja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizjami	interwizja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizją	interwizja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizje	interwizja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizję	interwizja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizji	interwizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
interwizji	interwizja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizji	interwizja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizjo	interwizja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizjom	interwizja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyj	interwizja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
interwizyjnościach	interwizyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjnościami	interwizyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjnością	interwizyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjności	interwizyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjności	interwizyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjności	interwizyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjności	interwizyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjności	interwizyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjnościom	interwizyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjność	interwizyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjność	interwizyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwizyjna	interwizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interwizyjną	interwizyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interwizyjną	interwizyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interwizyjnego	interwizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interwizyjnego	interwizyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwizyjne	interwizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjne	interwizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjne	interwizyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interwizyjne	interwizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interwizyjnej	interwizyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interwizyjnej	interwizyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interwizyjnej	interwizyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interwizyjnemu	interwizyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwizyjni	interwizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interwizyjno	interwizyjny	adja		
interwizyjnych	interwizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interwizyjnych	interwizyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjnych	interwizyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjny	interwizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interwizyjny	interwizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interwizyjnymi	interwizyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjnym	interwizyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwizyjnym	interwizyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwizyjnym	interwizyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwokalicznościach	interwokaliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokalicznościami	interwokaliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokalicznością	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczności	interwokaliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczności	interwokaliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczności	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczności	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczności	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokalicznościom	interwokaliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczność	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczność	interwokaliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
interwokaliczna	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
interwokaliczną	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
interwokaliczną	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
interwokalicznego	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
interwokalicznego	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwokaliczne	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokaliczne	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokaliczne	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
interwokaliczne	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
interwokalicznej	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
interwokalicznej	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
interwokalicznej	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
interwokalicznemu	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwokaliczni	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
interwokaliczno	interwokaliczny	adja		
interwokalicznych	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
interwokalicznych	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokalicznych	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokaliczny	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
interwokaliczny	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
interwokalicznymi	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokalicznym	interwokaliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
interwokalicznym	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interwokalicznym	interwokaliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
interymalnie	interymalnie	adv:pos		przest.
interymalnościach	interymalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalnościami	interymalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalnością	interymalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalności	interymalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalności	interymalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalności	interymalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalności	interymalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalności	interymalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalnościom	interymalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalność	interymalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalność	interymalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
interymalna	interymalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
interymalną	interymalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
interymalną	interymalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
interymalnego	interymalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
interymalnego	interymalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interymalne	interymalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalne	interymalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalne	interymalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
interymalne	interymalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
interymalnej	interymalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
interymalnej	interymalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
interymalnej	interymalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
interymalnemu	interymalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interymalni	interymalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
interymalno	interymalny	adja		przest.
interymalnych	interymalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
interymalnych	interymalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalnych	interymalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalny	interymalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
interymalny	interymalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
interymalnymi	interymalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalnym	interymalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
interymalnym	interymalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
interymalnym	interymalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
intestacie	intestat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestacie	intestat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestaci	intestat	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatach	intestat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestata	intestat	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatami	intestat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatem	intestat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestat	intestat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatom	intestat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatowi	intestat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestatów	intestat	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intestaty	intestat	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intifadach	intifada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifada	intifada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifadami	intifada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifadą	intifada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifadę	intifada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifad	intifada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifado	intifada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifadom	intifada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifady	intifada	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifady	intifada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intifadzie	intifada	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacjach	intoksykacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacja	intoksykacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacjami	intoksykacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacją	intoksykacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacje	intoksykacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykację	intoksykacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacji	intoksykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intoksykacji	intoksykacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacji	intoksykacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacjo	intoksykacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacjom	intoksykacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intoksykacyj	intoksykacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intolerancjach	intolerancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancja	intolerancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancjami	intolerancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancją	intolerancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancje	intolerancja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancję	intolerancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancji	intolerancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
intolerancji	intolerancja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancji	intolerancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancjo	intolerancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancjom	intolerancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intolerancyj	intolerancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
intonacjach	intonacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacja	intonacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacjami	intonacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacją	intonacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacje	intonacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonację	intonacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacji	intonacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intonacji	intonacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacji	intonacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacjo	intonacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacjom	intonacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyj	intonacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intonacyjnie	intonacyjnie	adv:pos		
intonacyjnościach	intonacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjnościami	intonacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjnością	intonacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjności	intonacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjności	intonacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjności	intonacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjności	intonacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjności	intonacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjnościom	intonacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjność	intonacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjność	intonacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intonacyjna	intonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intonacyjną	intonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intonacyjną	intonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intonacyjnego	intonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intonacyjnego	intonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intonacyjne	intonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjne	intonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjne	intonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intonacyjne	intonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intonacyjnej	intonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intonacyjnej	intonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intonacyjnej	intonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intonacyjnemu	intonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intonacyjni	intonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intonacyjno	intonacyjny	adja		
intonacyjnych	intonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intonacyjnych	intonacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjnych	intonacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjny	intonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intonacyjny	intonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intonacyjnymi	intonacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjnym	intonacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intonacyjnym	intonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intonacyjnym	intonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intonować	intonować	inf:imperf		
intonowaliby	intonować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intonowalibyście	intonować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intonowalibyśmy	intonować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intonowali	intonować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intonowali	intonować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intonowaliście	intonować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intonowaliśmy	intonować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intonowałaby	intonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intonowałabym	intonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intonowałabyś	intonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intonowała	intonować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intonowała	intonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intonowałam	intonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intonowałaś	intonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intonowałby	intonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intonowałbym	intonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intonowałbyś	intonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intonowałem	intonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intonowałeś	intonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intonował	intonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intonował	intonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intonowałoby	intonować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intonowałobym	intonować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intonowałobyś	intonować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intonowało	intonować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intonowało	intonować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intonowałom	intonować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intonowałoś	intonować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intonowałyby	intonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intonowałybyście	intonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intonowałybyśmy	intonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intonowały	intonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intonowały	intonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intonowałyście	intonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intonowałyśmy	intonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intonowana	intonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intonowaną	intonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intonowanego	intonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intonowanego	intonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonowane	intonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonowane	intonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intonowanej	intonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intonowanemu	intonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonowaniach	intonować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intonowania	intonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intonowania	intonować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intonowaniami	intonować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intonowanie	intonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intonowaniem	intonować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intonowani	intonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intonowaniom	intonować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intonowaniu	intonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intonowano	intonować	imps:imperf		
intonowanych	intonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intonowanych	intonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonowany	intonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intonowany	intonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intonowanymi	intonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonowanym	intonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonowanym	intonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonowań	intonować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intonująca	intonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intonującą	intonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intonującego	intonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intonującego	intonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonujące	intonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonujące	intonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intonującej	intonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intonującemu	intonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonując	intonować	pcon:imperf		
intonująco	intonować	pacta		
intonujących	intonować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intonujących	intonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonujący	intonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intonujący	intonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intonujący	intonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intonującymi	intonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonującym	intonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intonującym	intonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intonują	intonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intonujcie	intonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intonujecie	intonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intonuje	intonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intonujemy	intonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intonujesz	intonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intonuję	intonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intonuj	intonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intonujmy	intonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intradach	intrada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrada	intrada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intradami	intrada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intradą	intrada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intradę	intrada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrad	intrada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrado	intrada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intradom	intrada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrady	intrada	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrady	intrada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intradzie	intrada	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmach	intrakauzalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmami	intrakauzalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmem	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmie	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmie	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizm	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmom	intrakauzalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmowi	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmów	intrakauzalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmu	intrakauzalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalizmy	intrakauzalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalnościach	intrakauzalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalnościami	intrakauzalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalnością	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalności	intrakauzalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalności	intrakauzalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalności	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalności	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalności	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalnościom	intrakauzalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalność	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalność	intrakauzalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrakauzalna	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intrakauzalną	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intrakauzalną	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intrakauzalnego	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intrakauzalnego	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrakauzalne	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalne	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalne	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intrakauzalne	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intrakauzalnej	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intrakauzalnej	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intrakauzalnej	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intrakauzalnemu	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrakauzalni	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intrakauzalno	intrakauzalny	adja		
intrakauzalnych	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intrakauzalnych	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalnych	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalny	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intrakauzalny	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intrakauzalnymi	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalnym	intrakauzalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrakauzalnym	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrakauzalnym	intrakauzalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intramolekularnościach	intramolekularność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularnościami	intramolekularność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularnością	intramolekularność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularności	intramolekularność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularności	intramolekularność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularności	intramolekularność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularności	intramolekularność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularności	intramolekularność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularnościom	intramolekularność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularność	intramolekularność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularność	intramolekularność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intramolekularna	intramolekularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intramolekularną	intramolekularny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intramolekularną	intramolekularny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intramolekularnego	intramolekularny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intramolekularnego	intramolekularny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intramolekularne	intramolekularny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularne	intramolekularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularne	intramolekularny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intramolekularne	intramolekularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intramolekularnej	intramolekularny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intramolekularnej	intramolekularny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intramolekularnej	intramolekularny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intramolekularnemu	intramolekularny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intramolekularni	intramolekularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intramolekularno	intramolekularny	adja		
intramolekularnych	intramolekularny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intramolekularnych	intramolekularny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularnych	intramolekularny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularny	intramolekularny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intramolekularny	intramolekularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intramolekularnymi	intramolekularny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularnym	intramolekularny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intramolekularnym	intramolekularny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intramolekularnym	intramolekularny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranecie	intranet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranecie	intranet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetach	intranet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetami	intranet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetem	intranet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranet	intranet	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetom	intranet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetowi	intranet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetów	intranet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetu	intranet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranety	intranet	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
intranetowościach	intranetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowościami	intranetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowością	intranetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowości	intranetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowości	intranetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowości	intranetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowości	intranetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowości	intranetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowościom	intranetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowość	intranetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowość	intranetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranetowa	intranetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intranetową	intranetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intranetową	intranetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intranetowego	intranetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intranetowego	intranetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranetowe	intranetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowe	intranetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowe	intranetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intranetowe	intranetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intranetowej	intranetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intranetowej	intranetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intranetowej	intranetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intranetowemu	intranetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranetowi	intranetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intranetowo	intranetowy	adja		
intranetowych	intranetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intranetowych	intranetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowych	intranetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowy	intranetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intranetowy	intranetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intranetowymi	intranetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowym	intranetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranetowym	intranetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranetowym	intranetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranzytywnościach	intranzytywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywnościami	intranzytywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywnością	intranzytywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywności	intranzytywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywności	intranzytywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywności	intranzytywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywności	intranzytywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywności	intranzytywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywnościom	intranzytywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywność	intranzytywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywność	intranzytywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intranzytywna	intranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intranzytywną	intranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intranzytywną	intranzytywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intranzytywnego	intranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intranzytywnego	intranzytywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranzytywne	intranzytywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywne	intranzytywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywne	intranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intranzytywne	intranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intranzytywnej	intranzytywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intranzytywnej	intranzytywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intranzytywnej	intranzytywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intranzytywnemu	intranzytywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranzytywni	intranzytywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intranzytywno	intranzytywny	adja		
intranzytywnych	intranzytywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intranzytywnych	intranzytywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywnych	intranzytywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywny	intranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intranzytywny	intranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intranzytywnymi	intranzytywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywnym	intranzytywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intranzytywnym	intranzytywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intranzytywnym	intranzytywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intracie	intrata	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratach	intrata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intrata	intrata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratami	intrata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratą	intrata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratę	intrata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intrat	intrata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intrato	intrata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratom	intrata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intraty	intrata	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intraty	intrata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratce	intratka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratek	intratka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratkach	intratka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratka	intratka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratkami	intratka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratką	intratka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratkę	intratka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratki	intratka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratki	intratka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratko	intratka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratkom	intratka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intratnia	intratni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
intratnią	intratni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
intratnią	intratni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
intratnich	intratni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
intratnich	intratni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratnich	intratni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratniego	intratni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
intratniego	intratni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
intratnie	intratni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratnie	intratni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratnie	intratni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
intratnie	intratni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
intratniej	intratni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
intratniej	intratni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
intratniej	intratni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
intratniemu	intratni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
intratni	intratni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
intratni	intratni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
intratni	intratni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
intratnimi	intratni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratnim	intratni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
intratnim	intratni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
intratnim	intratni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
intratnio	intratni	adja		daw.
intratnie	intratnie	adv:pos		
intratniej	intratnie	adv:com		
intratniościach	intratniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniościami	intratniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniością	intratniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniości	intratniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniości	intratniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniości	intratniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniości	intratniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniości	intratniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniościom	intratniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniość	intratniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratniość	intratniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intratnościach	intratność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratnościami	intratność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratnością	intratność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratności	intratność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratności	intratność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratności	intratność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratności	intratność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratności	intratność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratnościom	intratność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratność	intratność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratność	intratność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intratna	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intratną	intratny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intratną	intratny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intratnego	intratny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intratnego	intratny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intratne	intratny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratne	intratny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratne	intratny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intratne	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intratnej	intratny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intratnej	intratny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intratnej	intratny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intratnemu	intratny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intratniejsi	intratny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
intratniejsza	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
intratniejszą	intratny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
intratniejszą	intratny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
intratniejszego	intratny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
intratniejszego	intratny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intratniejsze	intratny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejsze	intratny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejsze	intratny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
intratniejsze	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
intratniejszej	intratny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
intratniejszej	intratny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
intratniejszej	intratny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
intratniejszemu	intratny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intratniejszych	intratny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
intratniejszych	intratny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejszych	intratny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejszy	intratny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
intratniejszy	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
intratniejszymi	intratny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejszym	intratny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intratniejszym	intratny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intratniejszym	intratny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intratni	intratny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intratno	intratny	adja		
intratnych	intratny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intratnych	intratny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratnych	intratny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratny	intratny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intratny	intratny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intratnymi	intratny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratnym	intratny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intratnym	intratny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intratnym	intratny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introdukcjach	introdukcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcja	introdukcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcjami	introdukcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcją	introdukcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcje	introdukcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcję	introdukcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcji	introdukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
introdukcji	introdukcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcji	introdukcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcjo	introdukcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcjom	introdukcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introdukcyj	introdukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
introdukować	introdukować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowaliby	introdukować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowalibyście	introdukować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowalibyśmy	introdukować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowali	introdukować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowali	introdukować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowaliście	introdukować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowaliśmy	introdukować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałaby	introdukować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałabym	introdukować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałabyś	introdukować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowała	introdukować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowała	introdukować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałam	introdukować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałaś	introdukować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałby	introdukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałbym	introdukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałbyś	introdukować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałem	introdukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałeś	introdukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukował	introdukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukował	introdukować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałoby	introdukować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałobym	introdukować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałobyś	introdukować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowało	introdukować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowało	introdukować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałom	introdukować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałoś	introdukować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałyby	introdukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałybyście	introdukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałybyśmy	introdukować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowały	introdukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowały	introdukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałyście	introdukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowałyśmy	introdukować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowana	introdukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaną	introdukować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanego	introdukować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanego	introdukować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowane	introdukować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowane	introdukować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanej	introdukować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanemu	introdukować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaniach	introdukować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowania	introdukować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowania	introdukować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaniami	introdukować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanie	introdukować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaniem	introdukować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowani	introdukować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaniom	introdukować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowaniu	introdukować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowano	introdukować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukowanych	introdukować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanych	introdukować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowany	introdukować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowany	introdukować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanymi	introdukować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanym	introdukować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowanym	introdukować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowań	introdukować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
introdukowawszy	introdukować	pant:perf		daw.
introdukująca	introdukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
introdukującą	introdukować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
introdukującego	introdukować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
introdukującego	introdukować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introdukujące	introdukować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introdukujące	introdukować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
introdukującej	introdukować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
introdukującemu	introdukować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introdukując	introdukować	pcon:imperf		daw.
introdukująco	introdukować	pacta		
introdukujących	introdukować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
introdukujących	introdukować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introdukujący	introdukować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
introdukujący	introdukować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
introdukujący	introdukować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
introdukującymi	introdukować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introdukującym	introdukować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introdukującym	introdukować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introdukują	introdukować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukujcie	introdukować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukujecie	introdukować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukuje	introdukować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukujemy	introdukować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukujesz	introdukować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukuję	introdukować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukuj	introdukować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
introdukujmy	introdukować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
introduktorach	introduktor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktora	introduktor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorami	introduktor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorem	introduktor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktor	introduktor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorom	introduktor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorowi	introduktor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorów	introduktor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktory	introduktor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorze	introduktor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorze	introduktor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introduktorzy	introduktor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
introicie	introit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introicie	introit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitach	introit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitami	introit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitem	introit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introit	introit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitom	introit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitowi	introit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitów	introit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introitu	introit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introity	introit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcjach	introjekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcja	introjekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcjami	introjekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcją	introjekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcje	introjekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcję	introjekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcji	introjekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
introjekcji	introjekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcji	introjekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcjo	introjekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcjom	introjekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introjekcyj	introjekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
introligatorach	introligator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatora	introligator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorami	introligator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorem	introligator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligator	introligator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorom	introligator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorowi	introligator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorów	introligator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatory	introligator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorze	introligator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorze	introligator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorzy	introligator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorce	introligatorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorek	introligatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorkach	introligatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorka	introligatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorkami	introligatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorką	introligatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorkę	introligatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorki	introligatorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorki	introligatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorko	introligatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorkom	introligatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorniach	introligatornia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatornia	introligatornia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorniami	introligatornia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatornią	introligatornia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatornie	introligatornia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatornię	introligatornia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorni	introligatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
introligatorni	introligatornia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorni	introligatornia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatornio	introligatornia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorniom	introligatornia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorń	introligatornia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
introligatorscy	introligatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introligatorska	introligatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introligatorską	introligatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introligatorską	introligatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introligatorskich	introligatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introligatorskich	introligatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskich	introligatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskiego	introligatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introligatorskiego	introligatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introligatorskie	introligatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskie	introligatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskie	introligatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introligatorskie	introligatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introligatorskiej	introligatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introligatorskiej	introligatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introligatorskiej	introligatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introligatorskiemu	introligatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introligatorski	introligatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introligatorski	introligatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introligatorskimi	introligatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskim	introligatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introligatorskim	introligatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introligatorskim	introligatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introligatorsko	introligatorski	adja		
introligatorsku	introligatorski	adjp		
introligatorsko	introligatorsko	adv:pos		
introligatorskościach	introligatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskościami	introligatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskością	introligatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskości	introligatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskości	introligatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskości	introligatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskości	introligatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskości	introligatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskościom	introligatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskość	introligatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorskość	introligatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwach	introligatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwa	introligatorstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwa	introligatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwami	introligatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwem	introligatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwie	introligatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstw	introligatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwo	introligatorstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwom	introligatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorstwu	introligatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
introligatorszczyznach	introligatorszczyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzna	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyznami	introligatorszczyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzną	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyznę	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzn	introligatorszczyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzno	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyznom	introligatorszczyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzny	introligatorszczyzna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyzny	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligatorszczyźnie	introligatorszczyzna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
introligować	introligować	inf:imperf		daw.
introligowaliby	introligować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowalibyście	introligować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowalibyśmy	introligować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowali	introligować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
introligowali	introligować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowaliście	introligować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowaliśmy	introligować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałaby	introligować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałabym	introligować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałabyś	introligować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowała	introligować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
introligowała	introligować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałam	introligować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałaś	introligować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowałby	introligować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałbym	introligować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałbyś	introligować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowałem	introligować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałeś	introligować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
introligował	introligować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
introligował	introligować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałoby	introligować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałobym	introligować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałobyś	introligować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowało	introligować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
introligowało	introligować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałom	introligować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowałoś	introligować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowałyby	introligować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałybyście	introligować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowałybyśmy	introligować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowały	introligować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
introligowały	introligować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
introligowałyście	introligować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
introligowałyśmy	introligować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
introligowana	introligować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
introligowaną	introligować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
introligowanego	introligować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
introligowanego	introligować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligowane	introligować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligowane	introligować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
introligowanej	introligować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
introligowanemu	introligować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligowaniach	introligować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
introligowania	introligować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
introligowania	introligować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
introligowaniami	introligować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
introligowanie	introligować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
introligowaniem	introligować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
introligowani	introligować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
introligowaniom	introligować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
introligowaniu	introligować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
introligowano	introligować	imps:imperf		daw.
introligowanych	introligować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
introligowanych	introligować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligowany	introligować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
introligowany	introligować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
introligowanymi	introligować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligowanym	introligować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligowanym	introligować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligowań	introligować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
introligująca	introligować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
introligującą	introligować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
introligującego	introligować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
introligującego	introligować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligujące	introligować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligujące	introligować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
introligującej	introligować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
introligującemu	introligować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligując	introligować	pcon:imperf		daw.
introligująco	introligować	pacta		
introligujących	introligować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
introligujących	introligować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligujący	introligować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
introligujący	introligować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
introligujący	introligować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
introligującymi	introligować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligującym	introligować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
introligującym	introligować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
introligują	introligować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
introligujcie	introligować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
introligujecie	introligować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
introliguje	introligować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
introligujemy	introligować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
introligujesz	introligować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
introliguję	introligować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
introliguj	introligować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
introligujmy	introligować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
intromisjach	intromisja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisja	intromisja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisjami	intromisja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisją	intromisja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisje	intromisja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisję	intromisja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisji	intromisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
intromisji	intromisja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisji	intromisja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisjo	intromisja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisjom	intromisja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
intromisyj	intromisja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
intromitować	intromitować	inf:imperf		daw.
intromitowaliby	intromitować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowalibyście	intromitować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowalibyśmy	intromitować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowali	intromitować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
intromitowali	intromitować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowaliście	intromitować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowaliśmy	intromitować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałaby	intromitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałabym	intromitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałabyś	intromitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowała	intromitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
intromitowała	intromitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałam	intromitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałaś	intromitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowałby	intromitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałbym	intromitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałbyś	intromitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowałem	intromitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałeś	intromitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitował	intromitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
intromitował	intromitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałoby	intromitować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałobym	intromitować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałobyś	intromitować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowało	intromitować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
intromitowało	intromitować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałom	intromitować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowałoś	intromitować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowałyby	intromitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałybyście	intromitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowałybyśmy	intromitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowały	intromitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
intromitowały	intromitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitowałyście	intromitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitowałyśmy	intromitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitowana	intromitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intromitowaną	intromitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intromitowanego	intromitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intromitowanego	intromitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowane	intromitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowane	intromitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowanej	intromitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intromitowanemu	intromitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowaniach	intromitować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowania	intromitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowania	intromitować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowaniami	intromitować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowanie	intromitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowaniem	intromitować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowani	intromitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intromitowaniom	intromitować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowaniu	intromitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitowano	intromitować	imps:imperf		daw.
intromitowanych	intromitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intromitowanych	intromitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowany	intromitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intromitowany	intromitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intromitowanymi	intromitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowanym	intromitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowanym	intromitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitowań	intromitować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intromitująca	intromitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intromitującą	intromitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intromitującego	intromitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intromitującego	intromitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitujące	intromitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitujące	intromitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intromitującej	intromitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intromitującemu	intromitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitując	intromitować	pcon:imperf		daw.
intromitująco	intromitować	pacta		
intromitujących	intromitować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intromitujących	intromitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitujący	intromitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intromitujący	intromitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intromitujący	intromitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intromitującymi	intromitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitującym	intromitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intromitującym	intromitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intromitują	intromitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitujcie	intromitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitujecie	intromitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
intromituje	intromitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
intromitujemy	intromitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
intromitujesz	intromitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
intromituję	intromitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
intromituj	intromitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
intromitujmy	intromitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
intronach	intron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronami	intron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronem	intron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronie	intron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronie	intron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intron	intron	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronom	intron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronowi	intron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronów	intron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronu	intron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introny	intron	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacjach	intronizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacja	intronizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacjami	intronizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacją	intronizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacje	intronizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizację	intronizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacji	intronizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intronizacji	intronizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacji	intronizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacjo	intronizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacjom	intronizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyj	intronizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intronizacyjnościach	intronizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjnościami	intronizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjnością	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjności	intronizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjności	intronizacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjności	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjności	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjności	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjnościom	intronizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjność	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjność	intronizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intronizacyjna	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intronizacyjną	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intronizacyjną	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intronizacyjnego	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intronizacyjnego	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intronizacyjne	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjne	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjne	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intronizacyjne	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intronizacyjnej	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intronizacyjnej	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intronizacyjnej	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intronizacyjnemu	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intronizacyjni	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intronizacyjno	intronizacyjny	adja		
intronizacyjnych	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intronizacyjnych	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjnych	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjny	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intronizacyjny	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intronizacyjnymi	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjnym	intronizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intronizacyjnym	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intronizacyjnym	intronizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intronizować	intronizować	inf:imperf.perf		
intronizowaliby	intronizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowalibyście	intronizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowalibyśmy	intronizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowali	intronizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
intronizowali	intronizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowaliście	intronizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowaliśmy	intronizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałaby	intronizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałabym	intronizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałabyś	intronizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowała	intronizować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
intronizowała	intronizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałam	intronizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałaś	intronizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowałby	intronizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałbym	intronizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałbyś	intronizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowałem	intronizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałeś	intronizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizował	intronizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
intronizował	intronizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałoby	intronizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałobym	intronizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałobyś	intronizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowało	intronizować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
intronizowało	intronizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałom	intronizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowałoś	intronizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowałyby	intronizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałybyście	intronizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowałybyśmy	intronizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowały	intronizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
intronizowały	intronizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizowałyście	intronizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizowałyśmy	intronizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizowana	intronizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaną	intronizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanego	intronizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanego	intronizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowane	intronizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowane	intronizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanej	intronizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanemu	intronizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaniach	intronizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowania	intronizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowania	intronizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaniami	intronizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanie	intronizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaniem	intronizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowani	intronizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaniom	intronizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowaniu	intronizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowano	intronizować	imps:imperf.perf		
intronizowanych	intronizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanych	intronizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowany	intronizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowany	intronizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanymi	intronizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanym	intronizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowanym	intronizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowań	intronizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
intronizowawszy	intronizować	pant:perf		
intronizująca	intronizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intronizującą	intronizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intronizującego	intronizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intronizującego	intronizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intronizujące	intronizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intronizujące	intronizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intronizującej	intronizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intronizującemu	intronizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intronizując	intronizować	pcon:imperf		
intronizująco	intronizować	pacta		
intronizujących	intronizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intronizujących	intronizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intronizujący	intronizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intronizujący	intronizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intronizujący	intronizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intronizującymi	intronizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intronizującym	intronizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intronizującym	intronizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intronizują	intronizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizujcie	intronizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizujecie	intronizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizuje	intronizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
intronizujemy	intronizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizujesz	intronizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizuję	intronizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
intronizuj	intronizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
intronizujmy	intronizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
introspekcjach	introspekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcja	introspekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjami	introspekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcją	introspekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcje	introspekcja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcję	introspekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcji	introspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
introspekcji	introspekcja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcji	introspekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjo	introspekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjom	introspekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyj	introspekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
introspekcjonistach	introspekcjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonista	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonistami	introspekcjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonistą	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonistę	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonisto	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonistom	introspekcjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonistów	introspekcjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonisty	introspekcjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonisty	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjoniście	introspekcjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjoniści	introspekcjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmach	introspekcjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmami	introspekcjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmem	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmie	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmie	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizm	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmom	introspekcjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmowi	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmów	introspekcjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmu	introspekcjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcjonizmy	introspekcjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjnie	introspekcyjnie	adv:pos		
introspekcyjnościach	introspekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjnościami	introspekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjnością	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjności	introspekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjności	introspekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjności	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjności	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjności	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjnościom	introspekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjność	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjność	introspekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspekcyjna	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introspekcyjną	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introspekcyjną	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introspekcyjnego	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introspekcyjnego	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspekcyjne	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjne	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjne	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introspekcyjne	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introspekcyjnej	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introspekcyjnej	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introspekcyjnej	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introspekcyjnemu	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspekcyjni	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introspekcyjno	introspekcyjny	adja		
introspekcyjnych	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introspekcyjnych	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjnych	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjny	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introspekcyjny	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introspekcyjnymi	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjnym	introspekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspekcyjnym	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspekcyjnym	introspekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspektywizmach	introspektywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmami	introspektywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmem	introspektywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmie	introspektywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmie	introspektywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizm	introspektywizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmom	introspektywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmowi	introspektywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmów	introspektywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmu	introspektywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywizmy	introspektywizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywnościach	introspektywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywnościami	introspektywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywnością	introspektywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywności	introspektywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywności	introspektywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywności	introspektywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywności	introspektywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywności	introspektywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywnościom	introspektywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywność	introspektywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywność	introspektywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introspektywna	introspektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introspektywną	introspektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introspektywną	introspektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introspektywnego	introspektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introspektywnego	introspektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspektywne	introspektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywne	introspektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywne	introspektywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introspektywne	introspektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introspektywnej	introspektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introspektywnej	introspektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introspektywnej	introspektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introspektywnemu	introspektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspektywni	introspektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introspektywno	introspektywny	adja		
introspektywnych	introspektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introspektywnych	introspektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywnych	introspektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywny	introspektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introspektywny	introspektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introspektywnymi	introspektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywnym	introspektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introspektywnym	introspektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introspektywnym	introspektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwersjach	introwersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersja	introwersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersjami	introwersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersją	introwersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersje	introwersja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersję	introwersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersji	introwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
introwersji	introwersja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersji	introwersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersjo	introwersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersjom	introwersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyj	introwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
introwersyjnościach	introwersyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjnościami	introwersyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjnością	introwersyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjności	introwersyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjności	introwersyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjności	introwersyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjności	introwersyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjności	introwersyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjnościom	introwersyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjność	introwersyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjność	introwersyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwersyjna	introwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introwersyjną	introwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introwersyjną	introwersyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introwersyjnego	introwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introwersyjnego	introwersyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwersyjne	introwersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjne	introwersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjne	introwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introwersyjne	introwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introwersyjnej	introwersyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introwersyjnej	introwersyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introwersyjnej	introwersyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introwersyjnemu	introwersyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwersyjni	introwersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introwersyjno	introwersyjny	adja		
introwersyjnych	introwersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introwersyjnych	introwersyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjnych	introwersyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjny	introwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introwersyjny	introwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introwersyjnymi	introwersyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjnym	introwersyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwersyjnym	introwersyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwersyjnym	introwersyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertyczce	introwertyczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczek	introwertyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczkach	introwertyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczka	introwertyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczkami	introwertyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczką	introwertyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczkę	introwertyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczki	introwertyczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczki	introwertyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczko	introwertyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczkom	introwertyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertycznie	introwertycznie	adv:pos		
introwertycznościach	introwertyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertycznościami	introwertyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertycznością	introwertyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczności	introwertyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczności	introwertyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczności	introwertyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczności	introwertyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczności	introwertyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertycznościom	introwertyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczność	introwertyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczność	introwertyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyczna	introwertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introwertyczną	introwertyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introwertyczną	introwertyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introwertycznego	introwertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introwertycznego	introwertyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertyczne	introwertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertyczne	introwertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertyczne	introwertyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introwertyczne	introwertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introwertycznej	introwertyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introwertycznej	introwertyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introwertycznej	introwertyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introwertycznemu	introwertyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertyczni	introwertyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introwertyczno	introwertyczny	adja		
introwertycznych	introwertyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introwertycznych	introwertyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertycznych	introwertyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertyczny	introwertyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introwertyczny	introwertyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introwertycznymi	introwertyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertycznym	introwertyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertycznym	introwertyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertycznym	introwertyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertycy	introwertyk	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertykach	introwertyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyka	introwertyk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertykami	introwertyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertykiem	introwertyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyki	introwertyk	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyk	introwertyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertykom	introwertyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertykowi	introwertyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyków	introwertyk	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyku	introwertyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyku	introwertyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywnościach	introwertywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywnościami	introwertywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywnością	introwertywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywności	introwertywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywności	introwertywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywności	introwertywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywności	introwertywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywności	introwertywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywnościom	introwertywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywność	introwertywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywność	introwertywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
introwertywna	introwertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
introwertywną	introwertywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
introwertywną	introwertywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
introwertywnego	introwertywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
introwertywnego	introwertywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertywne	introwertywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywne	introwertywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywne	introwertywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
introwertywne	introwertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
introwertywnej	introwertywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
introwertywnej	introwertywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
introwertywnej	introwertywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
introwertywnemu	introwertywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertywni	introwertywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
introwertywno	introwertywny	adja		
introwertywnych	introwertywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
introwertywnych	introwertywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywnych	introwertywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywny	introwertywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
introwertywny	introwertywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
introwertywnymi	introwertywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywnym	introwertywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
introwertywnym	introwertywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertywnym	introwertywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
introwertyzmach	introwertyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmami	introwertyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmem	introwertyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmie	introwertyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmie	introwertyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzm	introwertyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmom	introwertyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmowi	introwertyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmów	introwertyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmu	introwertyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
introwertyzmy	introwertyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowanościach	intrudowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowanościami	intrudowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowanością	intrudowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaności	intrudowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaności	intrudowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaności	intrudowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaności	intrudowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaności	intrudowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowanościom	intrudowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaność	intrudowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowaność	intrudowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrudowana	intrudowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intrudowaną	intrudowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intrudowaną	intrudowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intrudowanego	intrudowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intrudowanego	intrudowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrudowane	intrudowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowane	intrudowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowane	intrudowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intrudowane	intrudowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intrudowanej	intrudowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intrudowanej	intrudowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intrudowanej	intrudowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intrudowanemu	intrudowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrudowani	intrudowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intrudowano	intrudowany	adja		
intrudowanych	intrudowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intrudowanych	intrudowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowanych	intrudowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowany	intrudowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intrudowany	intrudowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intrudowanymi	intrudowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowanym	intrudowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrudowanym	intrudowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrudowanym	intrudowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intruzjach	intruzja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzja	intruzja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzjami	intruzja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzją	intruzja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzje	intruzja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzję	intruzja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzji	intruzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intruzji	intruzja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzji	intruzja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzjo	intruzja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzjom	intruzja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyj	intruzja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intruzach	intruz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruza	intruz:s1	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzami	intruz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzem	intruz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzie	intruz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzie	intruz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzi	intruz:s1	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruz	intruz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzom	intruz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzowi	intruz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzów	intruz:s1	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intruzy	intruz:s1	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzach	intruz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruza	intruz:s2	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzami	intruz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzem	intruz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzie	intruz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzie	intruz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruz	intruz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzom	intruz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzowi	intruz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzów	intruz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzy	intruz:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjnościach	intruzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjnościami	intruzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjnością	intruzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjności	intruzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjności	intruzyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjności	intruzyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjności	intruzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjności	intruzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjnościom	intruzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjność	intruzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjność	intruzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intruzyjna	intruzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intruzyjną	intruzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intruzyjną	intruzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intruzyjnego	intruzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intruzyjnego	intruzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intruzyjne	intruzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjne	intruzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjne	intruzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intruzyjne	intruzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intruzyjnej	intruzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intruzyjnej	intruzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intruzyjnej	intruzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intruzyjnemu	intruzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intruzyjni	intruzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intruzyjno	intruzyjny	adja		
intruzyjnych	intruzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intruzyjnych	intruzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjnych	intruzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjny	intruzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intruzyjny	intruzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intruzyjnymi	intruzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjnym	intruzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intruzyjnym	intruzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intruzyjnym	intruzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrydze	intryga	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygach	intryga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryga	intryga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygami	intryga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygą	intryga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygę	intryga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygi	intryga	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygi	intryga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryg	intryga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygo	intryga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygom	intryga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganccy	intrygancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intrygancka	intrygancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intrygancką	intrygancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intrygancką	intrygancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intryganckich	intrygancki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intryganckich	intrygancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckich	intrygancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckiego	intrygancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intryganckiego	intrygancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intryganckie	intrygancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckie	intrygancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckie	intrygancki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intryganckie	intrygancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intryganckiej	intrygancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intryganckiej	intrygancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intryganckiej	intrygancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intryganckiemu	intrygancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrygancki	intrygancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intrygancki	intrygancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intryganckimi	intrygancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckim	intrygancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intryganckim	intrygancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intryganckim	intrygancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrygancko	intrygancki	adja		
intrygancku	intrygancki	adjp		
intrygancko	intrygancko	adv:pos		
intryganckościach	intryganckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckościami	intryganckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckością	intryganckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckości	intryganckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckości	intryganckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckości	intryganckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckości	intryganckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckości	intryganckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckościom	intryganckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckość	intryganckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganckość	intryganckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwach	intryganctwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwa	intryganctwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwa	intryganctwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwami	intryganctwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwem	intryganctwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwie	intryganctwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctw	intryganctwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwo	intryganctwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwom	intryganctwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intryganctwu	intryganctwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
intrygancie	intrygant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygancie	intrygant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intryganci	intrygant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantach	intrygant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intryganta	intrygant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantami	intrygant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantem	intrygant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygant	intrygant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantom	intrygant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantowi	intrygant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantów	intrygant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intryganty	intrygant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantce	intrygantka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantek	intrygantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantkach	intrygantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantka	intrygantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantkami	intrygantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantką	intrygantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantkę	intrygantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantki	intrygantka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantki	intrygantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantko	intrygantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygantkom	intrygantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygować	intrygować	inf:imperf		
intrygowaliby	intrygować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intrygowalibyście	intrygować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intrygowalibyśmy	intrygować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intrygowali	intrygować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intrygowali	intrygować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intrygowaliście	intrygować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intrygowaliśmy	intrygować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intrygowałaby	intrygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intrygowałabym	intrygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intrygowałabyś	intrygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intrygowała	intrygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intrygowała	intrygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intrygowałam	intrygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intrygowałaś	intrygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intrygowałby	intrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intrygowałbym	intrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intrygowałbyś	intrygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intrygowałem	intrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intrygowałeś	intrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intrygował	intrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intrygował	intrygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intrygowałoby	intrygować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intrygowałobym	intrygować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intrygowałobyś	intrygować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intrygowało	intrygować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intrygowało	intrygować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intrygowałom	intrygować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intrygowałoś	intrygować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intrygowałyby	intrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intrygowałybyście	intrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intrygowałybyśmy	intrygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intrygowały	intrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intrygowały	intrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intrygowałyście	intrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intrygowałyśmy	intrygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intrygowaniach	intrygować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowania	intrygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowania	intrygować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowaniami	intrygować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowanie	intrygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowaniem	intrygować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowaniom	intrygować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowaniu	intrygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intrygowano	intrygować	imps:imperf		
intrygowań	intrygować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intrygująca	intrygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intrygującą	intrygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intrygującego	intrygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intrygującego	intrygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intrygujące	intrygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intrygujące	intrygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intrygującej	intrygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intrygującemu	intrygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intrygując	intrygować	pcon:imperf		
intrygująco	intrygować	pacta		
intrygujących	intrygować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intrygujących	intrygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intrygujący	intrygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intrygujący	intrygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intrygujący	intrygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intrygującymi	intrygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intrygującym	intrygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intrygującym	intrygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intrygują	intrygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intrygujcie	intrygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intrygujecie	intrygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intryguje	intrygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intrygujemy	intrygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intrygujesz	intrygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intryguję	intrygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intryguj	intrygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intrygujmy	intrygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intrygująco	intrygująco	adv:pos		
intrygującościach	intrygującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującościami	intrygującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującością	intrygującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującości	intrygującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującości	intrygującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującości	intrygującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującości	intrygującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującości	intrygującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującościom	intrygującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującość	intrygującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygującość	intrygującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intrygująca	intrygujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intrygującą	intrygujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intrygującą	intrygujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intrygującego	intrygujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intrygującego	intrygujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrygujące	intrygujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygujące	intrygujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygujące	intrygujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intrygujące	intrygujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intrygującej	intrygujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intrygującej	intrygujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intrygującej	intrygujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intrygującemu	intrygujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrygująco	intrygujący	adja		
intrygujących	intrygujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intrygujących	intrygujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygujących	intrygujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygujący	intrygujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intrygujący	intrygujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intrygujący	intrygujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intrygującymi	intrygujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygującym	intrygujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intrygującym	intrygujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intrygującym	intrygujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intryżce	intryżka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżek	intryżka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżkach	intryżka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżka	intryżka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżkami	intryżka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżką	intryżka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżkę	intryżka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżki	intryżka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżki	intryżka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżko	intryżka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intryżkom	intryżka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacjach	intubacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacja	intubacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacjami	intubacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacją	intubacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacje	intubacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubację	intubacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacji	intubacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intubacji	intubacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacji	intubacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacjo	intubacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacjom	intubacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyj	intubacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intubacyjnościach	intubacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjnościami	intubacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjnością	intubacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjności	intubacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjności	intubacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjności	intubacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjności	intubacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjności	intubacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjnościom	intubacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjność	intubacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjność	intubacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intubacyjna	intubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intubacyjną	intubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intubacyjną	intubacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intubacyjnego	intubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intubacyjnego	intubacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intubacyjne	intubacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjne	intubacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjne	intubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intubacyjne	intubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intubacyjnej	intubacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intubacyjnej	intubacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intubacyjnej	intubacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intubacyjnemu	intubacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intubacyjni	intubacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intubacyjno	intubacyjny	adja		
intubacyjnych	intubacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intubacyjnych	intubacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjnych	intubacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjny	intubacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intubacyjny	intubacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intubacyjnymi	intubacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjnym	intubacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intubacyjnym	intubacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intubacyjnym	intubacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intubować	intubować	inf:imperf		
intubowaliby	intubować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intubowalibyście	intubować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intubowalibyśmy	intubować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intubowali	intubować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
intubowali	intubować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
intubowaliście	intubować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
intubowaliśmy	intubować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
intubowałaby	intubować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intubowałabym	intubować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intubowałabyś	intubować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intubowała	intubować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
intubowała	intubować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
intubowałam	intubować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
intubowałaś	intubować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
intubowałby	intubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intubowałbym	intubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intubowałbyś	intubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intubowałem	intubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
intubowałeś	intubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
intubował	intubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
intubował	intubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
intubowałoby	intubować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intubowałobym	intubować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intubowałobyś	intubować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intubowało	intubować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
intubowało	intubować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
intubowałom	intubować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
intubowałoś	intubować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
intubowałyby	intubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intubowałybyście	intubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intubowałybyśmy	intubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intubowały	intubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
intubowały	intubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
intubowałyście	intubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
intubowałyśmy	intubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
intubowana	intubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intubowaną	intubować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intubowanego	intubować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intubowanego	intubować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubowane	intubować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubowane	intubować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intubowanej	intubować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intubowanemu	intubować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubowaniach	intubować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
intubowania	intubować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intubowania	intubować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intubowaniami	intubować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intubowanie	intubować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
intubowaniem	intubować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
intubowani	intubować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intubowaniom	intubować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
intubowaniu	intubować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
intubowano	intubować	imps:imperf		
intubowanych	intubować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intubowanych	intubować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubowany	intubować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intubowany	intubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intubowanymi	intubować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubowanym	intubować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubowanym	intubować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubowań	intubować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
intubująca	intubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
intubującą	intubować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
intubującego	intubować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
intubującego	intubować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubujące	intubować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubujące	intubować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
intubującej	intubować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
intubującemu	intubować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubując	intubować	pcon:imperf		
intubująco	intubować	pacta		
intubujących	intubować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
intubujących	intubować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubujący	intubować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
intubujący	intubować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
intubujący	intubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
intubującymi	intubować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubującym	intubować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
intubującym	intubować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
intubują	intubować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
intubujcie	intubować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
intubujecie	intubować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
intubuje	intubować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
intubujemy	intubować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
intubujesz	intubować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
intubuję	intubować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
intubuj	intubować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
intubujmy	intubować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
intuicjach	intuicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicja	intuicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjami	intuicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicją	intuicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicje	intuicja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicję	intuicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicji	intuicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
intuicji	intuicja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicji	intuicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjo	intuicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjom	intuicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyj	intuicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
intuicjonistach	intuicjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonista	intuicjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistami	intuicjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistą	intuicjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistę	intuicjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonisto	intuicjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistom	intuicjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistów	intuicjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonisty	intuicjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonisty	intuicjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjoniście	intuicjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjoniści	intuicjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistce	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistek	intuicjonistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistkach	intuicjonistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistka	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistkami	intuicjonistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistką	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistkę	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistki	intuicjonistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistki	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistko	intuicjonistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistkom	intuicjonistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistycznościach	intuicjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistycznościami	intuicjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistycznością	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczności	intuicjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczności	intuicjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczności	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczności	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczności	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistycznościom	intuicjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczność	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczność	intuicjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonistyczna	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intuicjonistyczną	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intuicjonistyczną	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intuicjonistycznego	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intuicjonistycznego	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicjonistyczne	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistyczne	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistyczne	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intuicjonistyczne	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intuicjonistycznej	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intuicjonistycznej	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intuicjonistycznej	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intuicjonistycznemu	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicjonistyczni	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intuicjonistyczno	intuicjonistyczny	adja		
intuicjonistycznych	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intuicjonistycznych	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistycznych	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistyczny	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intuicjonistyczny	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intuicjonistycznymi	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistycznym	intuicjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicjonistycznym	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicjonistycznym	intuicjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicjonizmach	intuicjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmami	intuicjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmem	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmie	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmie	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizm	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmom	intuicjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmowi	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmów	intuicjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmu	intuicjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicjonizmy	intuicjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjnie	intuicyjnie	adv:pos		
intuicyjnościach	intuicyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjnościami	intuicyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjnością	intuicyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjności	intuicyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjności	intuicyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjności	intuicyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjności	intuicyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjności	intuicyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjnościom	intuicyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjność	intuicyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjność	intuicyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuicyjna	intuicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intuicyjną	intuicyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intuicyjną	intuicyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intuicyjnego	intuicyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intuicyjnego	intuicyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicyjne	intuicyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjne	intuicyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjne	intuicyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intuicyjne	intuicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intuicyjnej	intuicyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intuicyjnej	intuicyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intuicyjnej	intuicyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intuicyjnemu	intuicyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicyjni	intuicyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intuicyjno	intuicyjny	adja		
intuicyjnych	intuicyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intuicyjnych	intuicyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjnych	intuicyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjny	intuicyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intuicyjny	intuicyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intuicyjnymi	intuicyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjnym	intuicyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuicyjnym	intuicyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuicyjnym	intuicyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuitywizmach	intuitywizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmami	intuitywizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmem	intuitywizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmie	intuitywizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmie	intuitywizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizm	intuitywizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmom	intuitywizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmowi	intuitywizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmów	intuitywizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmu	intuitywizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywizmy	intuitywizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywnie	intuitywnie	adv:pos		
intuitywnościach	intuitywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywnościami	intuitywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywnością	intuitywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywności	intuitywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywności	intuitywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywności	intuitywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywności	intuitywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywności	intuitywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywnościom	intuitywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywność	intuitywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywność	intuitywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intuitywna	intuitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intuitywną	intuitywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intuitywną	intuitywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intuitywnego	intuitywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intuitywnego	intuitywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuitywne	intuitywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywne	intuitywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywne	intuitywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intuitywne	intuitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intuitywnej	intuitywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intuitywnej	intuitywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intuitywnej	intuitywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intuitywnemu	intuitywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuitywni	intuitywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intuitywno	intuitywny	adja		
intuitywnych	intuitywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intuitywnych	intuitywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywnych	intuitywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywny	intuitywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intuitywny	intuitywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intuitywnymi	intuitywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywnym	intuitywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intuitywnym	intuitywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intuitywnym	intuitywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intymnie	intymnie	adv:pos		
intymniej	intymnie	adv:com		
intymnościach	intymność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymnościami	intymność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymnością	intymność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymności	intymność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymności	intymność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymności	intymność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymności	intymność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymności	intymność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymnościom	intymność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymność	intymność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymność	intymność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
intymna	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
intymną	intymny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
intymną	intymny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
intymnego	intymny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
intymnego	intymny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intymne	intymny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymne	intymny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymne	intymny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
intymne	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
intymnej	intymny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
intymnej	intymny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
intymnej	intymny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
intymnemu	intymny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intymniejsi	intymny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
intymniejsza	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
intymniejszą	intymny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
intymniejszą	intymny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
intymniejszego	intymny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
intymniejszego	intymny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intymniejsze	intymny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejsze	intymny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejsze	intymny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
intymniejsze	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
intymniejszej	intymny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
intymniejszej	intymny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
intymniejszej	intymny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
intymniejszemu	intymny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intymniejszych	intymny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
intymniejszych	intymny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejszych	intymny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejszy	intymny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
intymniejszy	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
intymniejszymi	intymny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejszym	intymny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
intymniejszym	intymny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intymniejszym	intymny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
intymni	intymny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
intymno	intymny	adja		
intymnych	intymny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
intymnych	intymny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymnych	intymny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymny	intymny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
intymny	intymny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
intymnymi	intymny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymnym	intymny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
intymnym	intymny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intymnym	intymny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
intytulacjach	intytulacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacja	intytulacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacjami	intytulacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacją	intytulacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacje	intytulacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulację	intytulacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacji	intytulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
intytulacji	intytulacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacji	intytulacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacjo	intytulacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacjom	intytulacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
intytulacyj	intytulacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
inulinach	inulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulina	inulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulinami	inulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inuliną	inulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulinę	inulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulinie	inulina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulin	inulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulino	inulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inulinom	inulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inuliny	inulina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inuliny	inulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidach	inwalid	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalida	inwalid	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidami	inwalid	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidem	inwalid	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalid	inwalid	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidom	inwalid	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidowi	inwalid	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidów	inwalid	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidy	inwalid	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidzie	inwalid	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidzie	inwalid	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidzi	inwalid	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwalidach	inwalida	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalida	inwalida	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidami	inwalida	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidą	inwalida	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidę	inwalida	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalido	inwalida	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidom	inwalida	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidów	inwalida	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidy	inwalida	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidy	inwalida	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzie	inwalida	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzi	inwalida	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidce	inwalidka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidek	inwalidka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidkach	inwalidka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidka	inwalidka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidkami	inwalidka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidką	inwalidka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidkę	inwalidka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidki	inwalidka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidki	inwalidka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidko	inwalidka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidkom	inwalidka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzcy	inwalidzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwalidzka	inwalidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwalidzką	inwalidzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwalidzką	inwalidzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwalidzkich	inwalidzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwalidzkich	inwalidzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkich	inwalidzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkiego	inwalidzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwalidzkiego	inwalidzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwalidzkie	inwalidzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkie	inwalidzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkie	inwalidzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwalidzkie	inwalidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwalidzkiej	inwalidzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwalidzkiej	inwalidzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwalidzkiej	inwalidzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwalidzkiemu	inwalidzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwalidzki	inwalidzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwalidzki	inwalidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwalidzkimi	inwalidzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkim	inwalidzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwalidzkim	inwalidzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwalidzkim	inwalidzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwalidzko	inwalidzki	adja		
inwalidzku	inwalidzki	adjp		
inwalidzko	inwalidzko	adv:pos		
inwalidzkościach	inwalidzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkościami	inwalidzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkością	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkości	inwalidzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkości	inwalidzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkości	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkości	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkości	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkościom	inwalidzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkość	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidzkość	inwalidzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwach	inwalidztwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwa	inwalidztwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwa	inwalidztwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwami	inwalidztwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwem	inwalidztwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwie	inwalidztwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztw	inwalidztwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwo	inwalidztwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwom	inwalidztwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwalidztwu	inwalidztwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inwarach	inwar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarami	inwar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarem	inwar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwar	inwar	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarom	inwar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarowi	inwar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarów	inwar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwaru	inwar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwary	inwar	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarze	inwar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarze	inwar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariancie	inwariant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariancie	inwariant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantach	inwariant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantami	inwariant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantem	inwariant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariant	inwariant	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantom	inwariant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantowi	inwariant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantów	inwariant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantu	inwariant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwarianty	inwariant	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantnościach	inwariantność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantnościami	inwariantność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantnością	inwariantność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantności	inwariantność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantności	inwariantność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantności	inwariantność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantności	inwariantność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantności	inwariantność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantnościom	inwariantność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantność	inwariantność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantność	inwariantność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwariantna	inwariantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwariantną	inwariantny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwariantną	inwariantny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwariantnego	inwariantny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwariantnego	inwariantny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwariantne	inwariantny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantne	inwariantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantne	inwariantny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwariantne	inwariantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwariantnej	inwariantny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwariantnej	inwariantny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwariantnej	inwariantny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwariantnemu	inwariantny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwariantni	inwariantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwariantno	inwariantny	adja		
inwariantnych	inwariantny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwariantnych	inwariantny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantnych	inwariantny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantny	inwariantny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwariantny	inwariantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwariantnymi	inwariantny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantnym	inwariantny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwariantnym	inwariantny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwariantnym	inwariantny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwazjach	inwazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazja	inwazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazjami	inwazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazją	inwazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazje	inwazja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazję	inwazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazji	inwazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwazji	inwazja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazji	inwazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazjo	inwazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazjom	inwazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyj	inwazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwazorach	inwazor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazora	inwazor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorami	inwazor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorem	inwazor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazor	inwazor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorom	inwazor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorowi	inwazor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorów	inwazor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazory	inwazor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorze	inwazor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorze	inwazor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazorzy	inwazor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwazyjnie	inwazyjnie	adv:pos		
inwazyjnościach	inwazyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjnościami	inwazyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjnością	inwazyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjności	inwazyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjności	inwazyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjności	inwazyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjności	inwazyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjności	inwazyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjnościom	inwazyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjność	inwazyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjność	inwazyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwazyjna	inwazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwazyjną	inwazyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwazyjną	inwazyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwazyjnego	inwazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwazyjnego	inwazyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwazyjne	inwazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjne	inwazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjne	inwazyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwazyjne	inwazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwazyjnej	inwazyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwazyjnej	inwazyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwazyjnej	inwazyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwazyjnemu	inwazyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwazyjni	inwazyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwazyjno	inwazyjny	adja		
inwazyjnych	inwazyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwazyjnych	inwazyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjnych	inwazyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjny	inwazyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwazyjny	inwazyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwazyjnymi	inwazyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjnym	inwazyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwazyjnym	inwazyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwazyjnym	inwazyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwekcie	inwekta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektach	inwekta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwekta	inwekta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektami	inwekta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektą	inwekta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektę	inwekta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwekt	inwekta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwekto	inwekta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektom	inwekta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwekty	inwekta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwekty	inwekta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwektywach	inwektywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywa	inwektywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywami	inwektywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywą	inwektywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywę	inwektywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywie	inwektywa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektyw	inwektywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywo	inwektywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywom	inwektywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywy	inwektywa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywy	inwektywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywnościach	inwektywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywnościami	inwektywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywnością	inwektywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywności	inwektywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywności	inwektywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywności	inwektywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywności	inwektywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywności	inwektywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywnościom	inwektywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywność	inwektywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywność	inwektywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwektywna	inwektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwektywną	inwektywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwektywną	inwektywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwektywnego	inwektywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwektywnego	inwektywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwektywne	inwektywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywne	inwektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywne	inwektywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwektywne	inwektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwektywnej	inwektywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwektywnej	inwektywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwektywnej	inwektywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwektywnemu	inwektywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwektywni	inwektywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwektywno	inwektywny	adja		
inwektywnych	inwektywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwektywnych	inwektywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywnych	inwektywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywny	inwektywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwektywny	inwektywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwektywnymi	inwektywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywnym	inwektywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwektywnym	inwektywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwektywnym	inwektywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwencjach	inwencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencja	inwencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencjami	inwencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencją	inwencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencje	inwencja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencję	inwencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencji	inwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwencji	inwencja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencji	inwencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencjo	inwencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencjom	inwencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyj	inwencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwencyjnościach	inwencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjnościami	inwencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjnością	inwencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjności	inwencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjności	inwencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjności	inwencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjności	inwencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjności	inwencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjnościom	inwencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjność	inwencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjność	inwencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwencyjna	inwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwencyjną	inwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwencyjną	inwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwencyjnego	inwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwencyjnego	inwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwencyjne	inwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjne	inwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjne	inwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwencyjne	inwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwencyjnej	inwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwencyjnej	inwencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwencyjnej	inwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwencyjnemu	inwencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwencyjni	inwencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwencyjno	inwencyjny	adja		
inwencyjnych	inwencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwencyjnych	inwencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjnych	inwencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjny	inwencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwencyjny	inwencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwencyjnymi	inwencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjnym	inwencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwencyjnym	inwencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwencyjnym	inwencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarialnościach	inwentarialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialnościami	inwentarialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialnością	inwentarialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialności	inwentarialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialności	inwentarialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialności	inwentarialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialności	inwentarialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialności	inwentarialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialnościom	inwentarialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialność	inwentarialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialność	inwentarialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarialna	inwentarialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentarialną	inwentarialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentarialną	inwentarialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentarialnego	inwentarialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentarialnego	inwentarialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarialne	inwentarialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialne	inwentarialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialne	inwentarialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentarialne	inwentarialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentarialnej	inwentarialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentarialnej	inwentarialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentarialnej	inwentarialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentarialnemu	inwentarialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarialni	inwentarialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentarialno	inwentarialny	adja		
inwentarialnych	inwentarialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentarialnych	inwentarialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialnych	inwentarialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialny	inwentarialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentarialny	inwentarialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentarialnymi	inwentarialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialnym	inwentarialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarialnym	inwentarialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarialnym	inwentarialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarnościach	inwentarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarnościami	inwentarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarnością	inwentarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarności	inwentarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarności	inwentarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarności	inwentarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarności	inwentarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarności	inwentarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarnościom	inwentarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarność	inwentarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarność	inwentarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentarna	inwentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
inwentarną	inwentarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
inwentarną	inwentarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
inwentarnego	inwentarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
inwentarnego	inwentarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inwentarne	inwentarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarne	inwentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarne	inwentarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
inwentarne	inwentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
inwentarnej	inwentarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
inwentarnej	inwentarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
inwentarnej	inwentarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
inwentarnemu	inwentarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inwentarni	inwentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
inwentarno	inwentarny	adja		daw.
inwentarnych	inwentarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
inwentarnych	inwentarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarnych	inwentarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarny	inwentarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
inwentarny	inwentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
inwentarnymi	inwentarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarnym	inwentarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
inwentarnym	inwentarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inwentarnym	inwentarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
inwentarscy	inwentarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentarska	inwentarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentarską	inwentarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentarską	inwentarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentarskich	inwentarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentarskich	inwentarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskich	inwentarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskiego	inwentarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentarskiego	inwentarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarskie	inwentarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskie	inwentarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskie	inwentarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentarskie	inwentarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentarskiej	inwentarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentarskiej	inwentarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentarskiej	inwentarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentarskiemu	inwentarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarski	inwentarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentarski	inwentarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentarskimi	inwentarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskim	inwentarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarskim	inwentarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarskim	inwentarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarsko	inwentarski	adja		
inwentarsku	inwentarski	adjp		
inwentarsko	inwentarsko	adv:pos		
inwentarskościach	inwentarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskościami	inwentarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskością	inwentarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskości	inwentarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskości	inwentarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskości	inwentarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskości	inwentarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskości	inwentarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskościom	inwentarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskość	inwentarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarskość	inwentarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacjach	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacja	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacjami	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacją	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacje	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzację	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacji	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwentaryzacji	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacji	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacjo	inwentaryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacjom	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyj	inwentaryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwentaryzacyjnościach	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjnościami	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjnością	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjności	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjności	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjności	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjności	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjności	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjnościom	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjność	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjność	inwentaryzacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzacyjna	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjną	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjną	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnego	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnego	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjne	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjne	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjne	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjne	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnej	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnej	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnej	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnemu	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjni	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentaryzacyjno	inwentaryzacyjny	adja		
inwentaryzacyjnych	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnych	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnych	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjny	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentaryzacyjny	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnymi	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnym	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnym	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzacyjnym	inwentaryzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorach	inwentaryzator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatora	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorami	inwentaryzator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorem	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzator	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorom	inwentaryzator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorowi	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorów	inwentaryzator	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatory	inwentaryzator	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorze	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorze	inwentaryzator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorzy	inwentaryzator	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorscy	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentaryzatorska	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorską	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorską	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorskich	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentaryzatorskich	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskich	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiego	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiego	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskie	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskie	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskie	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskie	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiej	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiej	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiej	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentaryzatorskiemu	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorski	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentaryzatorski	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentaryzatorskimi	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskim	inwentaryzatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskim	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorskim	inwentaryzatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentaryzatorsko	inwentaryzatorski	adja		
inwentaryzatorsku	inwentaryzatorski	adjp		
inwentaryzatorsko	inwentaryzatorsko	adv:pos		
inwentaryzatorskościach	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskościami	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskością	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskości	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskości	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskości	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskości	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskości	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskościom	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskość	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzatorskość	inwentaryzatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentaryzować	inwentaryzować	inf:imperf		
inwentaryzowaliby	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowalibyście	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowalibyśmy	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowali	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwentaryzowali	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowaliście	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowaliśmy	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałaby	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałabym	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałabyś	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowała	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwentaryzowała	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałam	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałaś	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowałby	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałbym	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałbyś	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowałem	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałeś	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzował	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwentaryzował	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałoby	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałobym	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałobyś	inwentaryzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowało	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwentaryzowało	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałom	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowałoś	inwentaryzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowałyby	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałybyście	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowałybyśmy	inwentaryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowały	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwentaryzowały	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzowałyście	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzowałyśmy	inwentaryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzowana	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaną	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanego	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanego	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowane	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowane	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanej	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanemu	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaniach	inwentaryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowania	inwentaryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowania	inwentaryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaniami	inwentaryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanie	inwentaryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaniem	inwentaryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowani	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaniom	inwentaryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowaniu	inwentaryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowano	inwentaryzować	imps:imperf		
inwentaryzowanych	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanych	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowany	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowany	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanymi	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanym	inwentaryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowanym	inwentaryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzowań	inwentaryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzująca	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującą	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującego	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującego	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujące	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujące	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującej	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującemu	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzując	inwentaryzować	pcon:imperf		
inwentaryzująco	inwentaryzować	pacta		
inwentaryzujących	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujących	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujący	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujący	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzujący	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującymi	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującym	inwentaryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzującym	inwentaryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentaryzują	inwentaryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzujcie	inwentaryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzujecie	inwentaryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzuje	inwentaryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwentaryzujemy	inwentaryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzujesz	inwentaryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzuję	inwentaryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwentaryzuj	inwentaryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwentaryzujmy	inwentaryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwentarzach	inwentarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzach	inwentarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarza	inwentarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarza	inwentarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzami	inwentarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzami	inwentarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarze	inwentarz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarze	inwentarz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzem	inwentarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzem	inwentarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarz	inwentarz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarz	inwentarz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzom	inwentarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzom	inwentarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzowi	inwentarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowi	inwentarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzów	inwentarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzu	inwentarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzu	inwentarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzu	inwentarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzu	inwentarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inwentarzy	inwentarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowościach	inwentarzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowościami	inwentarzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowością	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowości	inwentarzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowości	inwentarzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowości	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowości	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowości	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowościom	inwentarzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowość	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowość	inwentarzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentarzowa	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentarzową	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentarzową	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentarzowego	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentarzowego	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarzowe	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowe	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowe	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentarzowe	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentarzowej	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentarzowej	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentarzowej	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentarzowemu	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarzowi	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentarzowo	inwentarzowy	adja		
inwentarzowych	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentarzowych	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowych	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowy	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentarzowy	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentarzowymi	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowym	inwentarzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentarzowym	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentarzowym	inwentarzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentorach	inwentor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentora	inwentor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorami	inwentor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorem	inwentor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentor	inwentor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorom	inwentor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorowi	inwentor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorów	inwentor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentory	inwentor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorze	inwentor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorze	inwentor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentorzy	inwentor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwentować	inwentować	inf:imperf		daw.
inwentowaliby	inwentować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowalibyście	inwentować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowalibyśmy	inwentować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowali	inwentować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inwentowali	inwentować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowaliście	inwentować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowaliśmy	inwentować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałaby	inwentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałabym	inwentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałabyś	inwentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowała	inwentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inwentowała	inwentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałam	inwentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałaś	inwentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowałby	inwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałbym	inwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałbyś	inwentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowałem	inwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałeś	inwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentował	inwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inwentował	inwentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałoby	inwentować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałobym	inwentować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałobyś	inwentować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowało	inwentować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inwentowało	inwentować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałom	inwentować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowałoś	inwentować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowałyby	inwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałybyście	inwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowałybyśmy	inwentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowały	inwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inwentowały	inwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentowałyście	inwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentowałyśmy	inwentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentowana	inwentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentowaną	inwentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwentowanego	inwentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwentowanego	inwentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowane	inwentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowane	inwentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowanej	inwentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentowanemu	inwentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowaniach	inwentować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowania	inwentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowania	inwentować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowaniami	inwentować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowanie	inwentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowaniem	inwentować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowani	inwentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentowaniom	inwentować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowaniu	inwentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentowano	inwentować	imps:imperf		daw.
inwentowanych	inwentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentowanych	inwentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowany	inwentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwentowany	inwentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwentowanymi	inwentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowanym	inwentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowanym	inwentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentowań	inwentować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwentująca	inwentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentującą	inwentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwentującego	inwentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwentującego	inwentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentujące	inwentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentujące	inwentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwentującej	inwentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwentującemu	inwentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentując	inwentować	pcon:imperf		daw.
inwentująco	inwentować	pacta		
inwentujących	inwentować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentujących	inwentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentujący	inwentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwentujący	inwentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwentujący	inwentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwentującymi	inwentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentującym	inwentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwentującym	inwentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwentują	inwentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentujcie	inwentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentujecie	inwentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentuje	inwentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inwentujemy	inwentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentujesz	inwentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentuję	inwentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inwentuj	inwentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inwentujmy	inwentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inwenturach	inwentura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentura	inwentura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturami	inwentura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturą	inwentura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturę	inwentura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentur	inwentura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturo	inwentura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturom	inwentura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentury	inwentura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentury	inwentura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwenturze	inwentura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentycznie	inwentycznie	adv:pos		
inwentycznościach	inwentyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentycznościami	inwentyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentycznością	inwentyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczności	inwentyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczności	inwentyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczności	inwentyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczności	inwentyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczności	inwentyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentycznościom	inwentyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczność	inwentyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczność	inwentyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyczna	inwentyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwentyczną	inwentyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwentyczną	inwentyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwentycznego	inwentyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwentycznego	inwentyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentyczne	inwentyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentyczne	inwentyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentyczne	inwentyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwentyczne	inwentyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwentycznej	inwentyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwentycznej	inwentyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwentycznej	inwentyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwentycznemu	inwentyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentyczni	inwentyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwentyczno	inwentyczny	adja		
inwentycznych	inwentyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwentycznych	inwentyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentycznych	inwentyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentyczny	inwentyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwentyczny	inwentyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwentycznymi	inwentyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentycznym	inwentyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwentycznym	inwentyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentycznym	inwentyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwentyce	inwentyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentykach	inwentyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyka	inwentyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentykami	inwentyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyką	inwentyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentykę	inwentyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyki	inwentyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyki	inwentyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyk	inwentyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentyko	inwentyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwentykom	inwentyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersjach	inwersja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersja	inwersja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersjami	inwersja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersją	inwersja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersje	inwersja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersję	inwersja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersji	inwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwersji	inwersja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersji	inwersja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersjo	inwersja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersjom	inwersja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyj	inwersja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwersorach	inwersor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersora	inwersor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorami	inwersor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorem	inwersor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersor	inwersor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorom	inwersor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorowi	inwersor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorów	inwersor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersory	inwersor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorze	inwersor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersorze	inwersor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjnościach	inwersyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjnościami	inwersyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjnością	inwersyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjności	inwersyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjności	inwersyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjności	inwersyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjności	inwersyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjności	inwersyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjnościom	inwersyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjność	inwersyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjność	inwersyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwersyjna	inwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwersyjną	inwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwersyjną	inwersyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwersyjnego	inwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwersyjnego	inwersyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwersyjne	inwersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjne	inwersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjne	inwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwersyjne	inwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwersyjnej	inwersyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwersyjnej	inwersyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwersyjnej	inwersyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwersyjnemu	inwersyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwersyjni	inwersyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwersyjno	inwersyjny	adja		
inwersyjnych	inwersyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwersyjnych	inwersyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjnych	inwersyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjny	inwersyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwersyjny	inwersyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwersyjnymi	inwersyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjnym	inwersyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwersyjnym	inwersyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwersyjnym	inwersyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwertazach	inwertaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertaza	inwertaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazami	inwertaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazą	inwertaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazę	inwertaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazie	inwertaza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertaz	inwertaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazo	inwertaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazom	inwertaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazy	inwertaza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertazy	inwertaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorach	inwertor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertora	inwertor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorami	inwertor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorem	inwertor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertor	inwertor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorom	inwertor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorowi	inwertor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorów	inwertor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertory	inwertor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorze	inwertor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertorze	inwertor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwertować	inwertować	inf:imperf		
inwertowaliby	inwertować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwertowalibyście	inwertować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwertowalibyśmy	inwertować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwertowali	inwertować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwertowali	inwertować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwertowaliście	inwertować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwertowaliśmy	inwertować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwertowałaby	inwertować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwertowałabym	inwertować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwertowałabyś	inwertować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwertowała	inwertować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwertowała	inwertować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwertowałam	inwertować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwertowałaś	inwertować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwertowałby	inwertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwertowałbym	inwertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwertowałbyś	inwertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwertowałem	inwertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwertowałeś	inwertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwertował	inwertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwertował	inwertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwertowałoby	inwertować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwertowałobym	inwertować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwertowałobyś	inwertować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwertowało	inwertować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwertowało	inwertować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwertowałom	inwertować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwertowałoś	inwertować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwertowałyby	inwertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwertowałybyście	inwertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwertowałybyśmy	inwertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwertowały	inwertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwertowały	inwertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwertowałyście	inwertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwertowałyśmy	inwertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwertowana	inwertować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwertowaną	inwertować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwertowanego	inwertować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwertowanego	inwertować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowane	inwertować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowane	inwertować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowanej	inwertować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwertowanemu	inwertować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowaniach	inwertować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowania	inwertować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowania	inwertować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowaniami	inwertować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowanie	inwertować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowaniem	inwertować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowani	inwertować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwertowaniom	inwertować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowaniu	inwertować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertowano	inwertować	imps:imperf		
inwertowanych	inwertować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwertowanych	inwertować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowany	inwertować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwertowany	inwertować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwertowanymi	inwertować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowanym	inwertować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowanym	inwertować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertowań	inwertować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwertująca	inwertować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwertującą	inwertować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwertującego	inwertować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwertującego	inwertować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertujące	inwertować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertujące	inwertować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwertującej	inwertować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwertującemu	inwertować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertując	inwertować	pcon:imperf		
inwertująco	inwertować	pacta		
inwertujących	inwertować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwertujących	inwertować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertujący	inwertować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwertujący	inwertować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwertujący	inwertować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwertującymi	inwertować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertującym	inwertować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwertującym	inwertować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwertują	inwertować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwertujcie	inwertować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwertujecie	inwertować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwertuje	inwertować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwertujemy	inwertować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwertujesz	inwertować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwertuję	inwertować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwertuj	inwertować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwertujmy	inwertować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwestorach	inwestor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestora	inwestor	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorami	inwestor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorem	inwestor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestor	inwestor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorom	inwestor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorowi	inwestor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorów	inwestor	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestory	inwestor	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorze	inwestor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorze	inwestor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorzy	inwestor	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorce	inwestorka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorek	inwestorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorkach	inwestorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorka	inwestorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorkami	inwestorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorką	inwestorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorkę	inwestorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorki	inwestorka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorki	inwestorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorko	inwestorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorkom	inwestorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorscy	inwestorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwestorska	inwestorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwestorską	inwestorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwestorską	inwestorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwestorskich	inwestorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwestorskich	inwestorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskich	inwestorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskiego	inwestorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwestorskiego	inwestorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestorskie	inwestorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskie	inwestorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskie	inwestorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwestorskie	inwestorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwestorskiej	inwestorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwestorskiej	inwestorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwestorskiej	inwestorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwestorskiemu	inwestorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestorski	inwestorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwestorski	inwestorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwestorskimi	inwestorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskim	inwestorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestorskim	inwestorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestorskim	inwestorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestorsko	inwestorski	adja		
inwestorsku	inwestorski	adjp		
inwestorsko	inwestorsko	adv:pos		
inwestorskościach	inwestorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskościami	inwestorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskością	inwestorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskości	inwestorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskości	inwestorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskości	inwestorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskości	inwestorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskości	inwestorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskościom	inwestorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskość	inwestorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestorskość	inwestorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestować	inwestować	inf:imperf		
inwestowaliby	inwestować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwestowalibyście	inwestować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwestowalibyśmy	inwestować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwestowali	inwestować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwestowali	inwestować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwestowaliście	inwestować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwestowaliśmy	inwestować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwestowałaby	inwestować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwestowałabym	inwestować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwestowałabyś	inwestować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwestowała	inwestować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwestowała	inwestować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwestowałam	inwestować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwestowałaś	inwestować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwestowałby	inwestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwestowałbym	inwestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwestowałbyś	inwestować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwestowałem	inwestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwestowałeś	inwestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwestował	inwestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwestował	inwestować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwestowałoby	inwestować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwestowałobym	inwestować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwestowałobyś	inwestować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwestowało	inwestować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwestowało	inwestować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwestowałom	inwestować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwestowałoś	inwestować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwestowałyby	inwestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwestowałybyście	inwestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwestowałybyśmy	inwestować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwestowały	inwestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwestowały	inwestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwestowałyście	inwestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwestowałyśmy	inwestować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwestowana	inwestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwestowaną	inwestować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwestowanego	inwestować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwestowanego	inwestować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowane	inwestować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowane	inwestować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowanej	inwestować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwestowanemu	inwestować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowaniach	inwestować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowania	inwestować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowania	inwestować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowaniami	inwestować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowanie	inwestować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowaniem	inwestować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowani	inwestować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwestowaniom	inwestować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowaniu	inwestować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestowano	inwestować	imps:imperf		
inwestowanych	inwestować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwestowanych	inwestować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowany	inwestować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwestowany	inwestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwestowanymi	inwestować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowanym	inwestować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowanym	inwestować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestowań	inwestować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwestująca	inwestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwestującą	inwestować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwestującego	inwestować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwestującego	inwestować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestujące	inwestować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestujące	inwestować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwestującej	inwestować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwestującemu	inwestować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestując	inwestować	pcon:imperf		
inwestująco	inwestować	pacta		
inwestujących	inwestować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwestujących	inwestować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestujący	inwestować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwestujący	inwestować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwestujący	inwestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwestującymi	inwestować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestującym	inwestować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwestującym	inwestować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwestują	inwestować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwestujcie	inwestować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwestujecie	inwestować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwestuje	inwestować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwestujemy	inwestować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwestujesz	inwestować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwestuję	inwestować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwestuj	inwestować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwestujmy	inwestować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwestycjach	inwestycja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycja	inwestycja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycjami	inwestycja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycją	inwestycja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycje	inwestycja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycję	inwestycja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycji	inwestycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwestycji	inwestycja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycji	inwestycja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycjo	inwestycja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycjom	inwestycja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyj	inwestycja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwestycyjnie	inwestycyjnie	adv:pos		
inwestycyjnościach	inwestycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjnościami	inwestycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjnością	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjności	inwestycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjności	inwestycyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjności	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjności	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjności	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjnościom	inwestycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjność	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjność	inwestycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestycyjna	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwestycyjną	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwestycyjną	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwestycyjnego	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwestycyjnego	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestycyjne	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjne	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjne	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwestycyjne	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwestycyjnej	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwestycyjnej	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwestycyjnej	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwestycyjnemu	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestycyjni	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwestycyjno	inwestycyjny	adja		
inwestycyjnych	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwestycyjnych	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjnych	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjny	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwestycyjny	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwestycyjnymi	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjnym	inwestycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwestycyjnym	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestycyjnym	inwestycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwestygacjach	inwestygacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacja	inwestygacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacjami	inwestygacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacją	inwestygacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacje	inwestygacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygację	inwestygacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacji	inwestygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inwestygacji	inwestygacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacji	inwestygacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacjo	inwestygacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacjom	inwestygacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwestygacyj	inwestygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inwestyturach	inwestytura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestytura	inwestytura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturami	inwestytura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturą	inwestytura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturę	inwestytura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestytur	inwestytura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturo	inwestytura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturom	inwestytura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestytury	inwestytura	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestytury	inwestytura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwestyturze	inwestytura	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwidiach	inwidia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidia	inwidia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidiami	inwidia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidią	inwidia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidie	inwidia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidię	inwidia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidii	inwidia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
inwidii	inwidia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidii	inwidia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidio	inwidia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidiom	inwidia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
inwidyj	inwidia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
inwigilacjach	inwigilacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacja	inwigilacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacjami	inwigilacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacją	inwigilacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacje	inwigilacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilację	inwigilacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacji	inwigilacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwigilacji	inwigilacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacji	inwigilacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacjo	inwigilacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacjom	inwigilacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyj	inwigilacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwigilacyjnościach	inwigilacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjnościami	inwigilacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjnością	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjności	inwigilacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjności	inwigilacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjności	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjności	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjności	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjnościom	inwigilacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjność	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjność	inwigilacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilacyjna	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwigilacyjną	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwigilacyjną	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwigilacyjnego	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwigilacyjnego	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilacyjne	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjne	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjne	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwigilacyjne	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwigilacyjnej	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwigilacyjnej	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwigilacyjnej	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwigilacyjnemu	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilacyjni	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwigilacyjno	inwigilacyjny	adja		
inwigilacyjnych	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwigilacyjnych	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjnych	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjny	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwigilacyjny	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwigilacyjnymi	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjnym	inwigilacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilacyjnym	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilacyjnym	inwigilacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilować	inwigilować	inf:imperf		
inwigilowaliby	inwigilować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwigilowalibyście	inwigilować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwigilowalibyśmy	inwigilować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwigilowali	inwigilować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwigilowali	inwigilować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwigilowaliście	inwigilować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwigilowaliśmy	inwigilować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałaby	inwigilować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałabym	inwigilować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałabyś	inwigilować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwigilowała	inwigilować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwigilowała	inwigilować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałam	inwigilować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałaś	inwigilować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwigilowałby	inwigilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałbym	inwigilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałbyś	inwigilować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwigilowałem	inwigilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałeś	inwigilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwigilował	inwigilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwigilował	inwigilować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałoby	inwigilować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałobym	inwigilować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałobyś	inwigilować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwigilowało	inwigilować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwigilowało	inwigilować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałom	inwigilować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwigilowałoś	inwigilować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwigilowałyby	inwigilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałybyście	inwigilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwigilowałybyśmy	inwigilować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwigilowały	inwigilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwigilowały	inwigilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwigilowałyście	inwigilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwigilowałyśmy	inwigilować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwigilowana	inwigilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaną	inwigilować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanego	inwigilować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanego	inwigilować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowane	inwigilować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowane	inwigilować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanej	inwigilować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanemu	inwigilować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaniach	inwigilować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowania	inwigilować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowania	inwigilować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaniami	inwigilować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanie	inwigilować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaniem	inwigilować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowani	inwigilować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaniom	inwigilować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowaniu	inwigilować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowano	inwigilować	imps:imperf		
inwigilowanych	inwigilować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanych	inwigilować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowany	inwigilować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwigilowany	inwigilować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanymi	inwigilować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanym	inwigilować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowanym	inwigilować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilowań	inwigilować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilująca	inwigilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilującą	inwigilować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilującego	inwigilować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwigilującego	inwigilować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilujące	inwigilować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilujące	inwigilować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwigilującej	inwigilować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwigilującemu	inwigilować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilując	inwigilować	pcon:imperf		
inwigilująco	inwigilować	pacta		
inwigilujących	inwigilować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwigilujących	inwigilować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilujący	inwigilować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwigilujący	inwigilować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwigilujący	inwigilować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwigilującymi	inwigilować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilującym	inwigilować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilującym	inwigilować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwigilują	inwigilować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwigilujcie	inwigilować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwigilujecie	inwigilować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwigiluje	inwigilować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwigilujemy	inwigilować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwigilujesz	inwigilować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwigiluję	inwigilować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwigiluj	inwigilować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwigilujmy	inwigilować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwigilowanościach	inwigilowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowanościami	inwigilowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowanością	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaności	inwigilowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaności	inwigilowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaności	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaności	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaności	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowanościom	inwigilowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaność	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowaność	inwigilowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwigilowana	inwigilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwigilowaną	inwigilowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwigilowaną	inwigilowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwigilowanego	inwigilowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwigilowanego	inwigilowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilowane	inwigilowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowane	inwigilowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowane	inwigilowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwigilowane	inwigilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwigilowanej	inwigilowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwigilowanej	inwigilowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwigilowanej	inwigilowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwigilowanemu	inwigilowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilowani	inwigilowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwigilowano	inwigilowany	adja		
inwigilowanych	inwigilowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwigilowanych	inwigilowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowanych	inwigilowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowany	inwigilowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwigilowany	inwigilowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwigilowanymi	inwigilowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowanym	inwigilowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwigilowanym	inwigilowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwigilowanym	inwigilowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwicie	inwit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwicie	inwit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitach	inwit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitami	inwit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitem	inwit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwit	inwit	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitom	inwit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitowi	inwit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitów	inwit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitu	inwit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwity	inwit	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inwitacjach	inwitacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacja	inwitacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacjami	inwitacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacją	inwitacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacje	inwitacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitację	inwitacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacji	inwitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
inwitacji	inwitacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacji	inwitacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacjo	inwitacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacjom	inwitacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inwitacyj	inwitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
inwitować	inwitować	inf:imperf		
inwitowaliby	inwitować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwitowalibyście	inwitować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwitowalibyśmy	inwitować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwitowali	inwitować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwitowali	inwitować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwitowaliście	inwitować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwitowaliśmy	inwitować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwitowałaby	inwitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwitowałabym	inwitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwitowałabyś	inwitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwitowała	inwitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwitowała	inwitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwitowałam	inwitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwitowałaś	inwitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwitowałby	inwitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwitowałbym	inwitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwitowałbyś	inwitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwitowałem	inwitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwitowałeś	inwitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwitował	inwitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwitował	inwitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwitowałoby	inwitować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwitowałobym	inwitować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwitowałobyś	inwitować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwitowało	inwitować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwitowało	inwitować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwitowałom	inwitować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwitowałoś	inwitować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwitowałyby	inwitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwitowałybyście	inwitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwitowałybyśmy	inwitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwitowały	inwitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwitowały	inwitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwitowałyście	inwitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwitowałyśmy	inwitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwitowana	inwitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwitowaną	inwitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwitowanego	inwitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwitowanego	inwitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowane	inwitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowane	inwitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowanej	inwitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwitowanemu	inwitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowaniach	inwitować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowania	inwitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowania	inwitować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowaniami	inwitować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowanie	inwitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowaniem	inwitować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowani	inwitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwitowaniom	inwitować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowaniu	inwitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitowano	inwitować	imps:imperf		
inwitowanych	inwitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwitowanych	inwitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowany	inwitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwitowany	inwitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwitowanymi	inwitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowanym	inwitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowanym	inwitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitowań	inwitować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwitująca	inwitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwitującą	inwitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwitującego	inwitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwitującego	inwitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitujące	inwitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitujące	inwitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwitującej	inwitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwitującemu	inwitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitując	inwitować	pcon:imperf		
inwitująco	inwitować	pacta		
inwitujących	inwitować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwitujących	inwitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitujący	inwitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwitujący	inwitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwitujący	inwitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwitującymi	inwitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitującym	inwitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwitującym	inwitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwitują	inwitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwitujcie	inwitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwitujecie	inwitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwituje	inwitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwitujemy	inwitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwitujesz	inwitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwituję	inwitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwituj	inwitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwitujmy	inwitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwokacjach	inwokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacja	inwokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacjami	inwokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacją	inwokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacje	inwokacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokację	inwokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacji	inwokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|lit.
inwokacji	inwokacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacji	inwokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacjo	inwokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacjom	inwokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	lit.
inwokacyj	inwokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|lit.
inwokacyjnościach	inwokacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjnościami	inwokacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjnością	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjności	inwokacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjności	inwokacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjności	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjności	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjności	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjnościom	inwokacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjność	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjność	inwokacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwokacyjna	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwokacyjną	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwokacyjną	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwokacyjnego	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwokacyjnego	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwokacyjne	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjne	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjne	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwokacyjne	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwokacyjnej	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwokacyjnej	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwokacyjnej	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwokacyjnemu	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwokacyjni	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwokacyjno	inwokacyjny	adja		
inwokacyjnych	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwokacyjnych	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjnych	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjny	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwokacyjny	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwokacyjnymi	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjnym	inwokacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwokacyjnym	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwokacyjnym	inwokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwokować	inwokować	inf:imperf		
inwokowaliby	inwokować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwokowalibyście	inwokować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwokowalibyśmy	inwokować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwokowali	inwokować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
inwokowali	inwokować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
inwokowaliście	inwokować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
inwokowaliśmy	inwokować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
inwokowałaby	inwokować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwokowałabym	inwokować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwokowałabyś	inwokować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwokowała	inwokować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
inwokowała	inwokować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
inwokowałam	inwokować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
inwokowałaś	inwokować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
inwokowałby	inwokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwokowałbym	inwokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwokowałbyś	inwokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwokowałem	inwokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
inwokowałeś	inwokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
inwokował	inwokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
inwokował	inwokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
inwokowałoby	inwokować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwokowałobym	inwokować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwokowałobyś	inwokować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwokowało	inwokować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
inwokowało	inwokować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
inwokowałom	inwokować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
inwokowałoś	inwokować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
inwokowałyby	inwokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwokowałybyście	inwokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwokowałybyśmy	inwokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwokowały	inwokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
inwokowały	inwokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
inwokowałyście	inwokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
inwokowałyśmy	inwokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
inwokowana	inwokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwokowaną	inwokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwokowanego	inwokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwokowanego	inwokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowane	inwokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowane	inwokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowanej	inwokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwokowanemu	inwokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowaniach	inwokować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowania	inwokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowania	inwokować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowaniami	inwokować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowanie	inwokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowaniem	inwokować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowani	inwokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwokowaniom	inwokować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowaniu	inwokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokowano	inwokować	imps:imperf		
inwokowanych	inwokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwokowanych	inwokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowany	inwokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwokowany	inwokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwokowanymi	inwokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowanym	inwokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowanym	inwokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokowań	inwokować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwokująca	inwokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwokującą	inwokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwokującego	inwokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwokującego	inwokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokujące	inwokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokujące	inwokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwokującej	inwokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwokującemu	inwokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokując	inwokować	pcon:imperf		
inwokująco	inwokować	pacta		
inwokujących	inwokować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwokujących	inwokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokujący	inwokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwokujący	inwokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwokujący	inwokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwokującymi	inwokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokującym	inwokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwokującym	inwokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwokują	inwokować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
inwokujcie	inwokować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
inwokujecie	inwokować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
inwokuje	inwokować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
inwokujemy	inwokować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
inwokujesz	inwokować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
inwokuję	inwokować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
inwokuj	inwokować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
inwokujmy	inwokować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
inwolucjach	inwolucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucja	inwolucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucjami	inwolucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucją	inwolucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucje	inwolucja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucję	inwolucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucji	inwolucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inwolucji	inwolucja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucji	inwolucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucjo	inwolucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucjom	inwolucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyj	inwolucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inwolucyjnościach	inwolucyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjnościami	inwolucyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjnością	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjności	inwolucyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjności	inwolucyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjności	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjności	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjności	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjnościom	inwolucyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjność	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjność	inwolucyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inwolucyjna	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inwolucyjną	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inwolucyjną	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inwolucyjnego	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inwolucyjnego	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwolucyjne	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjne	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjne	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inwolucyjne	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inwolucyjnej	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inwolucyjnej	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inwolucyjnej	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inwolucyjnemu	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwolucyjni	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inwolucyjno	inwolucyjny	adja		
inwolucyjnych	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inwolucyjnych	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjnych	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjny	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inwolucyjny	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inwolucyjnymi	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjnym	inwolucyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inwolucyjnym	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwolucyjnym	inwolucyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inwolwować	inwolwować	inf:imperf		daw.
inwolwowaliby	inwolwować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowalibyście	inwolwować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowalibyśmy	inwolwować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowali	inwolwować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
inwolwowali	inwolwować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowaliście	inwolwować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowaliśmy	inwolwować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałaby	inwolwować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałabym	inwolwować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałabyś	inwolwować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowała	inwolwować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
inwolwowała	inwolwować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałam	inwolwować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałaś	inwolwować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałby	inwolwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałbym	inwolwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałbyś	inwolwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałem	inwolwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałeś	inwolwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwował	inwolwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
inwolwował	inwolwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałoby	inwolwować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałobym	inwolwować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałobyś	inwolwować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowało	inwolwować	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
inwolwowało	inwolwować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałom	inwolwować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałoś	inwolwować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałyby	inwolwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałybyście	inwolwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałybyśmy	inwolwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowały	inwolwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
inwolwowały	inwolwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałyście	inwolwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwowałyśmy	inwolwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwowana	inwolwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaną	inwolwować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanego	inwolwować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanego	inwolwować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowane	inwolwować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowane	inwolwować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanej	inwolwować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanemu	inwolwować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaniach	inwolwować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowania	inwolwować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowania	inwolwować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaniami	inwolwować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanie	inwolwować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaniem	inwolwować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowani	inwolwować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaniom	inwolwować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowaniu	inwolwować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowano	inwolwować	imps:imperf		daw.
inwolwowanych	inwolwować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanych	inwolwować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowany	inwolwować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwolwowany	inwolwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanymi	inwolwować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanym	inwolwować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowanym	inwolwować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwowań	inwolwować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwująca	inwolwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwującą	inwolwować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwującego	inwolwować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
inwolwującego	inwolwować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwujące	inwolwować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwujące	inwolwować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
inwolwującej	inwolwować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
inwolwującemu	inwolwować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwując	inwolwować	pcon:imperf		daw.
inwolwująco	inwolwować	pacta		
inwolwujących	inwolwować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwolwujących	inwolwować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwujący	inwolwować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
inwolwujący	inwolwować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
inwolwujący	inwolwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
inwolwującymi	inwolwować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwującym	inwolwować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwującym	inwolwować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
inwolwują	inwolwować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwujcie	inwolwować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwujecie	inwolwować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwuje	inwolwować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
inwolwujemy	inwolwować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwujesz	inwolwować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwuję	inwolwować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
inwolwuj	inwolwować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
inwolwujmy	inwolwować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
inżektorach	inżektor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektora	inżektor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorami	inżektor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorem	inżektor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektor	inżektor	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorom	inżektor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorowi	inżektor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorów	inżektor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektory	inżektor	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorze	inżektor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżektorze	inżektor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierach	inżynier	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżyniera	inżynier	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierami	inżynier	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierem	inżynier	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynier	inżynier	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierom	inżynier	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowie	inżynier	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowi	inżynier	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierów	inżynier	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżyniery	inżynier	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierze	inżynier	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierze	inżynier	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierzy	inżynier	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierek	inżynierek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkach	inżynierek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierka	inżynierek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkami	inżynierek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkiem	inżynierek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierki	inżynierek	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkom	inżynierek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkowie	inżynierek	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierkowi	inżynierek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierków	inżynierek	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierku	inżynierek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynierku	inżynierek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	lekcew.
inżynieriach	inżynieria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieria	inżynieria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieriami	inżynieria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierią	inżynieria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierie	inżynieria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierię	inżynieria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierii	inżynieria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
inżynierii	inżynieria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierii	inżynieria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierio	inżynieria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieriom	inżynieria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryj	inżynieria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
inżynierostwach	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwa	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwa	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwami	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwem	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwie	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostw	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwo	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwom	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwu	inżynierostwo:s1	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierostwa	inżynierostwo:s2	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierostwem	inżynierostwo:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierostwo	inżynierostwo:s2	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierostwu	inżynierostwo:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierostwu	inżynierostwo:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1:pt	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierowa	inżynierowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierową	inżynierowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierową	inżynierowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowe	inżynierowa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowej	inżynierowa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowej	inżynierowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowo	inżynierowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowych	inżynierowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowych	inżynierowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowymi	inżynierowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowym	inżynierowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierowościach	inżynierowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowościami	inżynierowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowością	inżynierowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowości	inżynierowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowości	inżynierowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowości	inżynierowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowości	inżynierowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowości	inżynierowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowościom	inżynierowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowość	inżynierowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowość	inżynierowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
inżynierowa	inżynierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierową	inżynierowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierową	inżynierowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierowego	inżynierowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
inżynierowego	inżynierowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowe	inżynierowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowe	inżynierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowe	inżynierowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowe	inżynierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowej	inżynierowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierowej	inżynierowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierowej	inżynierowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
inżynierowemu	inżynierowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowi	inżynierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		rzad.
inżynierowo	inżynierowy	adja		rzad.
inżynierowych	inżynierowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		rzad.
inżynierowych	inżynierowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowych	inżynierowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowy	inżynierowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
inżynierowy	inżynierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
inżynierowymi	inżynierowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowym	inżynierowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowym	inżynierowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierowym	inżynierowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		rzad.
inżynierscy	inżynierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inżynierska	inżynierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inżynierską	inżynierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inżynierską	inżynierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inżynierskich	inżynierski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inżynierskich	inżynierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskich	inżynierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskiego	inżynierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inżynierskiego	inżynierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynierskie	inżynierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskie	inżynierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskie	inżynierski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inżynierskie	inżynierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inżynierskiej	inżynierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inżynierskiej	inżynierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inżynierskiej	inżynierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inżynierskiemu	inżynierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynierski	inżynierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inżynierski	inżynierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inżynierskimi	inżynierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskim	inżynierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynierskim	inżynierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynierskim	inżynierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżyniersko	inżynierski	adja		
inżyniersku	inżynierski	adjp		
inżyniersko	inżyniersko	adv:pos		
inżynierskościach	inżynierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskościami	inżynierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskością	inżynierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskości	inżynierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskości	inżynierskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskości	inżynierskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskości	inżynierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskości	inżynierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskościom	inżynierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskość	inżynierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierskość	inżynierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynierstwach	inżynierstwo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwa	inżynierstwo	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwa	inżynierstwo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwami	inżynierstwo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwem	inżynierstwo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwie	inżynierstwo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstw	inżynierstwo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwo	inżynierstwo	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwom	inżynierstwo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynierstwu	inżynierstwo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	przest.
inżynieryjnościach	inżynieryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjnościami	inżynieryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjnością	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjności	inżynieryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjności	inżynieryjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjności	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjności	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjności	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjnościom	inżynieryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjność	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjność	inżynieryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
inżynieryjna	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
inżynieryjną	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
inżynieryjną	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
inżynieryjnego	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
inżynieryjnego	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynieryjne	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjne	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjne	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
inżynieryjne	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
inżynieryjnej	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
inżynieryjnej	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
inżynieryjnej	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
inżynieryjnemu	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynieryjni	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
inżynieryjno	inżynieryjny	adja		
inżynieryjnych	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
inżynieryjnych	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjnych	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjny	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
inżynieryjny	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
inżynieryjnymi	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjnym	inżynieryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
inżynieryjnym	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
inżynieryjnym	inżynieryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ińscy	iński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ińska	iński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ińską	iński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ińską	iński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ińskich	iński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ińskich	iński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskich	iński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskiego	iński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ińskiego	iński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ińskie	iński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskie	iński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskie	iński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ińskie	iński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ińskiej	iński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ińskiej	iński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ińskiej	iński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ińskiemu	iński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iński	iński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iński	iński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ińskimi	iński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskim	iński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ińskim	iński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ińskim	iński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ińsko	iński	adja		
ińsku	iński	adjp		
ińsko	ińsko	adv:pos		
ińskościach	ińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskościami	ińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskością	ińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskości	ińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskości	ińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskości	ińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskości	ińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskości	ińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskościom	ińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskość	ińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ińskość	ińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipadach	ipad	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadach	ipad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipada	ipad	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipada	ipad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadami	ipad	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadami	ipad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadem	ipad	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadem	ipad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipad	ipad	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipad	ipad	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadom	ipad	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadom	ipad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadowi	ipad	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadowi	ipad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadów	ipad	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadów	ipad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipady	ipad	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipady	ipad	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadzie	ipad	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadzie	ipad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipadzie	ipad	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipadzie	ipad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadach	iPad	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadach	iPad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPada	iPad	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPada	iPad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadami	iPad	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadami	iPad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadem	iPad	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadem	iPad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPad	iPad	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPad	iPad	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadom	iPad	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadom	iPad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadowi	iPad	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadowi	iPad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadów	iPad	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadów	iPad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPady	iPad	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPady	iPad	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadzie	iPad	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadzie	iPad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPadzie	iPad	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPadzie	iPad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcach	ipeenowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowca	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcami	ipeenowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowce	ipeenowiec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcem	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcom	ipeenowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcowi	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowców	ipeenowiec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcu	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcu	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcy	ipeenowiec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowcze	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowiec	ipeenowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowscy	ipeenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ipeenowska	ipeenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ipeenowską	ipeenowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ipeenowską	ipeenowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ipeenowskich	ipeenowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ipeenowskich	ipeenowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskich	ipeenowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskiego	ipeenowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ipeenowskiego	ipeenowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ipeenowskie	ipeenowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskie	ipeenowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskie	ipeenowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ipeenowskie	ipeenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ipeenowskiej	ipeenowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ipeenowskiej	ipeenowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ipeenowskiej	ipeenowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ipeenowskiemu	ipeenowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ipeenowski	ipeenowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ipeenowski	ipeenowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ipeenowskimi	ipeenowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskim	ipeenowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ipeenowskim	ipeenowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ipeenowskim	ipeenowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ipeenowsko	ipeenowski	adja		
ipeenowsku	ipeenowski	adjp		
ipeenowsko	ipeenowsko	adv:pos		
ipeenowskościach	ipeenowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskościami	ipeenowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskością	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskości	ipeenowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskości	ipeenowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskości	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskości	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskości	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskościom	ipeenowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskość	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipeenowskość	ipeenowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuanach	ipekakuana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuana	ipekakuana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuanami	ipekakuana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuaną	ipekakuana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuanę	ipekakuana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuanie	ipekakuana	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuan	ipekakuana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuano	ipekakuana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuanom	ipekakuana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuany	ipekakuana	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipekakuany	ipekakuana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperycie	iperyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperycie	iperyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytach	iperyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytami	iperyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytem	iperyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperyt	iperyt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytom	iperyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowi	iperyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytów	iperyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytu	iperyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperyty	iperyt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowościach	iperytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowościami	iperytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowością	iperytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowości	iperytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowości	iperytowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowości	iperytowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowości	iperytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowości	iperytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowościom	iperytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowość	iperytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowość	iperytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iperytowa	iperytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iperytową	iperytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iperytową	iperytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iperytowego	iperytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iperytowego	iperytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iperytowe	iperytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowe	iperytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowe	iperytowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iperytowe	iperytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iperytowej	iperytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iperytowej	iperytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iperytowej	iperytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iperytowemu	iperytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iperytowi	iperytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iperytowo	iperytowy	adja		
iperytowych	iperytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iperytowych	iperytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowych	iperytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowy	iperytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iperytowy	iperytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iperytowymi	iperytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowym	iperytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iperytowym	iperytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iperytowym	iperytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iphone’ach	iphone	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’ach	iphone	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’a	iphone	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’a	iphone	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’ami	iphone	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’ami	iphone	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’em	iphone	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’em	iphone	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone	iphone	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone	iphone	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’om	iphone	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’om	iphone	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’owi	iphone	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’owi	iphone	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’ów	iphone	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’ów	iphone	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’y	iphone	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphone’y	iphone	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphonie	iphone	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphonie	iphone	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iphonie	iphone	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iphonie	iphone	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ach	iPhone	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ach	iPhone	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’a	iPhone	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’a	iPhone	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ami	iPhone	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ami	iPhone	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’em	iPhone	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’em	iPhone	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone	iPhone	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone	iPhone	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’om	iPhone	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’om	iPhone	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’owi	iPhone	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’owi	iPhone	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ów	iPhone	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’ów	iPhone	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’y	iPhone	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhone’y	iPhone	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhonie	iPhone	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhonie	iPhone	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPhonie	iPhone	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPhonie	iPhone	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodach	ipod	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodach	ipod	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipoda	ipod	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipoda	ipod	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodami	ipod	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodami	ipod	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodem	ipod	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodem	ipod	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipod	ipod	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipod	ipod	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodom	ipod	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodom	ipod	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodowi	ipod	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodowi	ipod	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodów	ipod	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodów	ipod	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipody	ipod	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipody	ipod	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodzie	ipod	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodzie	ipod	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipodzie	ipod	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ipodzie	ipod	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodach	iPod	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodach	iPod	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPoda	iPod	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPoda	iPod	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodami	iPod	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodami	iPod	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodem	iPod	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodem	iPod	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPod	iPod	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPod	iPod	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodom	iPod	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodom	iPod	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodowi	iPod	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodowi	iPod	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodów	iPod	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodów	iPod	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPody	iPod	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPody	iPod	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodzie	iPod	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodzie	iPod	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iPodzie	iPod	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iPodzie	iPod	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeach	ipomea	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomea	ipomea	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeami	ipomea	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeą	ipomea	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomee	ipomea	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeę	ipomea	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomei	ipomea	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomei	ipomea	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomei	ipomea	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeo	ipomea	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipomeom	ipomea	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporce	iporka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporek	iporka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporkach	iporka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporka	iporka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporkami	iporka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporką	iporka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporkę	iporka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporki	iporka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporki	iporka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporko	iporka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporkom	iporka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iporycie	iporyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporycie	iporyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytach	iporyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytami	iporyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytem	iporyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporyt	iporyt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytom	iporyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytowi	iporyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytów	iporyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporytu	iporyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iporyty	iporyt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponach	ippon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponami	ippon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponem	ippon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponie	ippon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponie	ippon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ippon	ippon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponom	ippon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponowi	ippon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponów	ippon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipponu	ippon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ippony	ippon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacjach	ipsacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacja	ipsacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacjami	ipsacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacją	ipsacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacje	ipsacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsację	ipsacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacji	ipsacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ipsacji	ipsacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacji	ipsacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacjo	ipsacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacjom	ipsacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ipsacyj	ipsacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ipsofonach	ipsofon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonami	ipsofon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonem	ipsofon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonie	ipsofon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonie	ipsofon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofon	ipsofon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonom	ipsofon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonowi	ipsofon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonów	ipsofon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofonu	ipsofon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsofony	ipsofon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostacie	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostacie	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatach	ipsotermostat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatami	ipsotermostat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatem	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostat	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatom	ipsotermostat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatowi	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatów	ipsotermostat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostatu	ipsotermostat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsotermostaty	ipsotermostat	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonach	ipsylon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonami	ipsylon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonem	ipsylon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonie	ipsylon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonie	ipsylon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylon	ipsylon	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonom	ipsylon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonowi	ipsylon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonów	ipsylon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylonu	ipsylon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ipsylony	ipsylon	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
i	i:q	qub		
iraccy	iracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iracka	iracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iracką	iracki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iracką	iracki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irackich	iracki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irackich	iracki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackich	iracki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackiego	iracki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irackiego	iracki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irackie	iracki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackie	iracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackie	iracki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irackie	iracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irackiej	iracki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irackiej	iracki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irackiej	iracki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irackiemu	iracki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iracki	iracki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iracki	iracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irackimi	iracki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackim	iracki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irackim	iracki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irackim	iracki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iracko	iracki	adja		
iracku	iracki	adjp		
iracko	iracko	adv:pos		
irackościach	irackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackościami	irackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackością	irackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackości	irackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackości	irackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackości	irackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackości	irackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackości	irackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackościom	irackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackość	irackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irackość	irackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijscy	irakijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irakijska	irakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irakijską	irakijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irakijską	irakijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irakijskich	irakijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irakijskich	irakijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskich	irakijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskiego	irakijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irakijskiego	irakijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irakijskie	irakijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskie	irakijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskie	irakijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irakijskie	irakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irakijskiej	irakijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irakijskiej	irakijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irakijskiej	irakijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irakijskiemu	irakijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irakijski	irakijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irakijski	irakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irakijskimi	irakijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskim	irakijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irakijskim	irakijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irakijskim	irakijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irakijsko	irakijski	adja		
irakijsku	irakijski	adjp		
irakijsko	irakijsko	adv:pos		
irakijskościach	irakijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskościami	irakijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskością	irakijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskości	irakijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskości	irakijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskości	irakijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskości	irakijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskości	irakijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskościom	irakijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskość	irakijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irakijskość	irakijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistach	iranista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranista	iranista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistami	iranista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistą	iranista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistę	iranista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranisto	iranista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistom	iranista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistów	iranista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranisty	iranista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iranisty	iranista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iraniście	iranista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iraniści	iranista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranistce	iranistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistek	iranistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistkach	iranistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistka	iranistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistkami	iranistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistką	iranistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistkę	iranistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistki	iranistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistki	iranistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistko	iranistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistkom	iranistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistycznościach	iranistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistycznościami	iranistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistycznością	iranistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczności	iranistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczności	iranistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczności	iranistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczności	iranistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczności	iranistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistycznościom	iranistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczność	iranistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczność	iranistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyczna	iranistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iranistyczną	iranistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iranistyczną	iranistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iranistycznego	iranistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iranistycznego	iranistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iranistyczne	iranistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistyczne	iranistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistyczne	iranistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iranistyczne	iranistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iranistycznej	iranistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iranistycznej	iranistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iranistycznej	iranistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iranistycznemu	iranistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iranistyczni	iranistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iranistyczno	iranistyczny	adja		
iranistycznych	iranistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iranistycznych	iranistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistycznych	iranistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistyczny	iranistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iranistyczny	iranistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iranistycznymi	iranistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistycznym	iranistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iranistycznym	iranistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iranistycznym	iranistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iranistyce	iranistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistykach	iranistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyka	iranistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistykami	iranistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyką	iranistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistykę	iranistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyki	iranistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyki	iranistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyk	iranistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistyko	iranistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranistykom	iranistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacjach	iranizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacja	iranizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacjami	iranizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacją	iranizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacje	iranizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizację	iranizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacji	iranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iranizacji	iranizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacji	iranizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacjo	iranizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacjom	iranizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iranizacyj	iranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iranolodzy	iranolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologach	iranolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologa	iranolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologami	iranolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologiem	iranolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologi	iranolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
iranolog	iranolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologom	iranolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologowie	iranolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologowi	iranolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologów	iranolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologu	iranolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
iranologu	iranolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irańscy	irański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irańska	irański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irańską	irański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irańską	irański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irańskich	irański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irańskich	irański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskich	irański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskiego	irański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irańskiego	irański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irańskie	irański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskie	irański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskie	irański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irańskie	irański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irańskiej	irański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irańskiej	irański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irańskiej	irański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irańskiemu	irański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irański	irański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irański	irański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irańskimi	irański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskim	irański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irańskim	irański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irańskim	irański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irańsko	irański	adja		
irańsku	irański	adjp		
irańsko	irańsko	adv:pos		
irańskościach	irańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskościami	irańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskością	irańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskości	irańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskości	irańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskości	irańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskości	irańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskości	irańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskościom	irańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskość	irańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irańskość	irańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irbisach	irbis	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisa	irbis	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisami	irbis	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisem	irbis	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisie	irbis	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisie	irbis	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbis	irbis	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisom	irbis	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisowi	irbis	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisów	irbis	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irbisy	irbis	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irchach	ircha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ircha	ircha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchami	ircha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchą	ircha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchę	ircha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irch	ircha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ircho	ircha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchom	ircha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchy	ircha	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchy	ircha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irsze	ircha	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowościach	irchowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowościami	irchowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowością	irchowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowości	irchowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowości	irchowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowości	irchowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowości	irchowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowości	irchowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowościom	irchowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowość	irchowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowość	irchowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irchowa	irchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irchową	irchowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irchową	irchowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irchowego	irchowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irchowego	irchowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irchowe	irchowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowe	irchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowe	irchowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irchowe	irchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irchowej	irchowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irchowej	irchowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irchowej	irchowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irchowemu	irchowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irchowi	irchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irchowo	irchowy	adja		
irchowych	irchowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irchowych	irchowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowych	irchowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowy	irchowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irchowy	irchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irchowymi	irchowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowym	irchowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irchowym	irchowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irchowym	irchowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irenistach	irenista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenista	irenista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenistami	irenista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenistą	irenista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenistę	irenista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenisto	irenista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenistom	irenista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenistów	irenista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenisty	irenista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irenisty	irenista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ireniście	irenista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ireniści	irenista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmach	irenizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmami	irenizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmem	irenizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmie	irenizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmie	irenizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizm	irenizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmom	irenizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmowi	irenizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmów	irenizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmu	irenizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenizmy	irenizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irenologiach	irenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologia	irenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologiami	irenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologią	irenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologie	irenologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologię	irenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologii	irenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irenologii	irenologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologii	irenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologij	irenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irenologio	irenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irenologiom	irenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irdze	irga	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgach	irga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irga	irga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgami	irga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgą	irga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgę	irga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgi	irga	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgi	irga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irg	irga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgo	irga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgom	irga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapirynach	irgapiryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryna	irgapiryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapirynami	irgapiryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryną	irgapiryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapirynę	irgapiryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapirynie	irgapiryna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryn	irgapiryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryno	irgapiryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapirynom	irgapiryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryny	irgapiryna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irgapiryny	irgapiryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuccy	irkucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irkucka	irkucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irkucką	irkucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irkucką	irkucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irkuckich	irkucki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irkuckich	irkucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckich	irkucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckiego	irkucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irkuckiego	irkucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irkuckie	irkucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckie	irkucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckie	irkucki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irkuckie	irkucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irkuckiej	irkucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irkuckiej	irkucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irkuckiej	irkucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irkuckiemu	irkucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irkucki	irkucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irkucki	irkucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irkuckimi	irkucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckim	irkucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irkuckim	irkucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irkuckim	irkucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irkucko	irkucki	adja		
irkucku	irkucki	adjp		
irkucko	irkucko	adv:pos		
irkuckościach	irkuckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckościami	irkuckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckością	irkuckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckości	irkuckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckości	irkuckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckości	irkuckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckości	irkuckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckości	irkuckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckościom	irkuckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckość	irkuckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irkuckość	irkuckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzcy	irlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irlandzka	irlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irlandzką	irlandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irlandzką	irlandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irlandzkich	irlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irlandzkich	irlandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkich	irlandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkiego	irlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irlandzkiego	irlandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irlandzkie	irlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkie	irlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkie	irlandzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irlandzkie	irlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irlandzkiej	irlandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irlandzkiej	irlandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irlandzkiej	irlandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irlandzkiemu	irlandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irlandzki	irlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irlandzki	irlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irlandzkimi	irlandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkim	irlandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irlandzkim	irlandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irlandzkim	irlandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irlandzko	irlandzki	adja		
irlandzku	irlandzki	adjp		
irlandzko	irlandzko	adv:pos		
irlandzkościach	irlandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkościami	irlandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkością	irlandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkości	irlandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkości	irlandzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkości	irlandzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkości	irlandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkości	irlandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkościom	irlandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkość	irlandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irlandzkość	irlandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokescy	irokeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irokeska	irokeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irokeską	irokeski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irokeską	irokeski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irokeskich	irokeski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irokeskich	irokeski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskich	irokeski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskiego	irokeski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irokeskiego	irokeski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irokeskie	irokeski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskie	irokeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskie	irokeski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irokeskie	irokeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irokeskiej	irokeski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irokeskiej	irokeski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irokeskiej	irokeski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irokeskiemu	irokeski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irokeski	irokeski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irokeski	irokeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irokeskimi	irokeski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskim	irokeski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irokeskim	irokeski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irokeskim	irokeski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irokesko	irokeski	adja		
irokesku	irokeski	adjp		
irokesko	irokesko	adv:pos		
irokeskościach	irokeskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskościami	irokeskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskością	irokeskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskości	irokeskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskości	irokeskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskości	irokeskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskości	irokeskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskości	irokeskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskościom	irokeskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskość	irokeskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokeskość	irokeskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irokezach	irokez	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezach	irokez	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokeza	irokez	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokeza	irokez	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezami	irokez	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezami	irokez	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezem	irokez	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezem	irokez	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezie	irokez	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezie	irokez	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezie	irokez	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezie	irokez	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokez	irokez	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokez	irokez	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezom	irokez	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezom	irokez	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezowi	irokez	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezowi	irokez	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezów	irokez	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezów	irokez	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irokezy	irokez	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irokezy	irokez	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironach	iron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironami	iron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironem	iron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironie	iron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironie	iron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iron	iron	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironom	iron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironowi	iron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironów	iron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironu	iron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irony	iron	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ironiach	ironia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironia	ironia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiami	ironia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironią	ironia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironie	ironia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironię	ironia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironii	ironia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ironii	ironia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironii	ironia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironij	ironia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ironio	ironia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiom	ironia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironicznie	ironicznie	adv:pos		
ironiczniej	ironicznie	adv:com		
ironicznościach	ironiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironicznościami	ironiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironicznością	ironiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczności	ironiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczności	ironiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczności	ironiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczności	ironiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczności	ironiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironicznościom	ironiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczność	ironiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczność	ironiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironiczna	ironiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ironiczną	ironiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ironiczną	ironiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ironicznego	ironiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ironicznego	ironiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ironiczne	ironiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironiczne	ironiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironiczne	ironiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ironiczne	ironiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ironicznej	ironiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ironicznej	ironiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ironicznej	ironiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ironicznemu	ironiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ironiczni	ironiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ironiczno	ironiczny	adja		
ironicznych	ironiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ironicznych	ironiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironicznych	ironiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironiczny	ironiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ironiczny	ironiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ironicznymi	ironiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironicznym	ironiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ironicznym	ironiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ironicznym	ironiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ironijce	ironijka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijek	ironijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijkach	ironijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijka	ironijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijkami	ironijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijką	ironijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijkę	ironijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijki	ironijka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijki	ironijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijko	ironijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironijkom	ironijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistach	ironista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironista	ironista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistami	ironista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistą	ironista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistę	ironista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironisto	ironista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistom	ironista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistów	ironista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironisty	ironista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ironisty	ironista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironiście	ironista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironiści	ironista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ironistce	ironistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistek	ironistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistkach	ironistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistka	ironistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistkami	ironistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistką	ironistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistkę	ironistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistki	ironistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistki	ironistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistko	ironistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironistkom	ironistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ironizować	ironizować	inf:imperf		
ironizowaliby	ironizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ironizowalibyście	ironizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ironizowalibyśmy	ironizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ironizowali	ironizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
ironizowali	ironizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
ironizowaliście	ironizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
ironizowaliśmy	ironizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
ironizowałaby	ironizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ironizowałabym	ironizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ironizowałabyś	ironizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ironizowała	ironizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
ironizowała	ironizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
ironizowałam	ironizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
ironizowałaś	ironizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
ironizowałby	ironizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ironizowałbym	ironizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ironizowałbyś	ironizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ironizowałem	ironizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ironizowałeś	ironizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ironizował	ironizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ironizował	ironizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ironizowałoby	ironizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ironizowałobym	ironizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ironizowałobyś	ironizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ironizowało	ironizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
ironizowało	ironizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
ironizowałom	ironizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
ironizowałoś	ironizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
ironizowałyby	ironizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ironizowałybyście	ironizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ironizowałybyśmy	ironizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ironizowały	ironizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
ironizowały	ironizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
ironizowałyście	ironizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
ironizowałyśmy	ironizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
ironizowaniach	ironizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowania	ironizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowania	ironizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowaniami	ironizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowanie	ironizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowaniem	ironizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowaniom	ironizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowaniu	ironizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
ironizowano	ironizować	imps:imperf		
ironizowań	ironizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
ironizująca	ironizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ironizującą	ironizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ironizującego	ironizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ironizującego	ironizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ironizujące	ironizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ironizujące	ironizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
ironizującej	ironizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ironizującemu	ironizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ironizując	ironizować	pcon:imperf		
ironizująco	ironizować	pacta		
ironizujących	ironizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
ironizujących	ironizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ironizujący	ironizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
ironizujący	ironizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ironizujący	ironizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ironizującymi	ironizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ironizującym	ironizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
ironizującym	ironizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
ironizują	ironizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
ironizujcie	ironizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
ironizujecie	ironizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ironizuje	ironizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
ironizujemy	ironizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
ironizujesz	ironizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ironizuję	ironizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ironizuj	ironizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
ironizujmy	ironizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
irracjonalistycznie	irracjonalistycznie	adv:pos		
irracjonalistycznościach	irracjonalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistycznościami	irracjonalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistycznością	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczności	irracjonalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczności	irracjonalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczności	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczności	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczności	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistycznościom	irracjonalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczność	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczność	irracjonalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalistyczna	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irracjonalistyczną	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irracjonalistyczną	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irracjonalistycznego	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irracjonalistycznego	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalistyczne	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistyczne	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistyczne	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irracjonalistyczne	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irracjonalistycznej	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irracjonalistycznej	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irracjonalistycznej	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irracjonalistycznemu	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalistyczni	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irracjonalistyczno	irracjonalistyczny	adja		
irracjonalistycznych	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irracjonalistycznych	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistycznych	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistyczny	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irracjonalistyczny	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irracjonalistycznymi	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistycznym	irracjonalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalistycznym	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalistycznym	irracjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalizmach	irracjonalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmami	irracjonalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmem	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmie	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmie	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizm	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmom	irracjonalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmowi	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmów	irracjonalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmu	irracjonalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalizmy	irracjonalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalnie	irracjonalnie	adv:pos		
irracjonalnościach	irracjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalnościami	irracjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalnością	irracjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalności	irracjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalności	irracjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalności	irracjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalności	irracjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalności	irracjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalnościom	irracjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalność	irracjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalność	irracjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irracjonalna	irracjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irracjonalną	irracjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irracjonalną	irracjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irracjonalnego	irracjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irracjonalnego	irracjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalne	irracjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalne	irracjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalne	irracjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irracjonalne	irracjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irracjonalnej	irracjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irracjonalnej	irracjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irracjonalnej	irracjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irracjonalnemu	irracjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalni	irracjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irracjonalno	irracjonalny	adja		
irracjonalnych	irracjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irracjonalnych	irracjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalnych	irracjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalny	irracjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irracjonalny	irracjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irracjonalnymi	irracjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalnym	irracjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irracjonalnym	irracjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irracjonalnym	irracjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irradiacjach	irradiacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacja	irradiacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacjami	irradiacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacją	irradiacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacje	irradiacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiację	irradiacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacji	irradiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irradiacji	irradiacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacji	irradiacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacjo	irradiacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacjom	irradiacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irradiacyj	irradiacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irrealizmach	irrealizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmami	irrealizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmem	irrealizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmie	irrealizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmie	irrealizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizm	irrealizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmom	irrealizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmowi	irrealizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmów	irrealizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmu	irrealizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealizmy	irrealizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrealnościach	irrealność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealnościami	irrealność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealnością	irrealność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealności	irrealność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealności	irrealność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealności	irrealność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealności	irrealność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealności	irrealność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealnościom	irrealność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealność	irrealność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealność	irrealność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrealna	irrealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irrealną	irrealny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irrealną	irrealny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irrealnego	irrealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irrealnego	irrealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrealne	irrealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealne	irrealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealne	irrealny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irrealne	irrealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irrealnej	irrealny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irrealnej	irrealny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irrealnej	irrealny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irrealnemu	irrealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrealni	irrealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irrealno	irrealny	adja		
irrealnych	irrealny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irrealnych	irrealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealnych	irrealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealny	irrealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irrealny	irrealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irrealnymi	irrealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealnym	irrealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrealnym	irrealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrealnym	irrealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irredencie	irredenta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentach	irredenta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredenta	irredenta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentami	irredenta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentą	irredenta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentę	irredenta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredent	irredenta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredento	irredenta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentom	irredenta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredenty	irredenta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredenty	irredenta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystach	irredentysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentysta	irredentysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystami	irredentysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystą	irredentysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystę	irredentysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentysto	irredentysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystom	irredentysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystów	irredentysta	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentysty	irredentysta	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irredentysty	irredentysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyście	irredentysta	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyści	irredentysta	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystycznościach	irredentystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystycznościami	irredentystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystycznością	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczności	irredentystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczności	irredentystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczności	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczności	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczności	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystycznościom	irredentystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczność	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczność	irredentystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irredentystyczna	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irredentystyczną	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irredentystyczną	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irredentystycznego	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irredentystycznego	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irredentystyczne	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystyczne	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystyczne	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irredentystyczne	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irredentystycznej	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irredentystycznej	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irredentystycznej	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irredentystycznemu	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irredentystyczni	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irredentystyczno	irredentystyczny	adja		
irredentystycznych	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irredentystycznych	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystycznych	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystyczny	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irredentystyczny	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irredentystycznymi	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystycznym	irredentystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irredentystycznym	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irredentystycznym	irredentystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irredentyzmach	irredentyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmami	irredentyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmem	irredentyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmie	irredentyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmie	irredentyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzm	irredentyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmom	irredentyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmowi	irredentyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmów	irredentyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmu	irredentyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irredentyzmy	irredentyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantnościach	irrelewantność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantnościami	irrelewantność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantnością	irrelewantność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantności	irrelewantność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantności	irrelewantność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantności	irrelewantność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantności	irrelewantność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantności	irrelewantność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantnościom	irrelewantność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantność	irrelewantność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantność	irrelewantność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irrelewantna	irrelewantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irrelewantną	irrelewantny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irrelewantną	irrelewantny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irrelewantnego	irrelewantny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irrelewantnego	irrelewantny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrelewantne	irrelewantny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantne	irrelewantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantne	irrelewantny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irrelewantne	irrelewantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irrelewantnej	irrelewantny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irrelewantnej	irrelewantny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irrelewantnej	irrelewantny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irrelewantnemu	irrelewantny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrelewantni	irrelewantny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irrelewantno	irrelewantny	adja		
irrelewantnych	irrelewantny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irrelewantnych	irrelewantny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantnych	irrelewantny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantny	irrelewantny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irrelewantny	irrelewantny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irrelewantnymi	irrelewantny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantnym	irrelewantny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irrelewantnym	irrelewantny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irrelewantnym	irrelewantny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irszanościach	irszaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszanościami	irszaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszanością	irszaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaności	irszaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaności	irszaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaności	irszaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaności	irszaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaności	irszaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszanościom	irszaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaność	irszaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszaność	irszaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
irszana	irszany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
irszaną	irszany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
irszaną	irszany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
irszanego	irszany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
irszanego	irszany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
irszane	irszany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszane	irszany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszane	irszany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
irszane	irszany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
irszanej	irszany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
irszanej	irszany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
irszanej	irszany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
irszanemu	irszany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
irszani	irszany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
irszano	irszany	adja		przest.
irszanych	irszany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
irszanych	irszany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszanych	irszany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszany	irszany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
irszany	irszany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
irszanymi	irszany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszanym	irszany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
irszanym	irszany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
irszanym	irszany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
irydach	iryd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydami	iryd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydem	iryd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
iryd	iryd	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydom	iryd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydowi	iryd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydów	iryd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydu	iryd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydy	iryd	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydzie	iryd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydzie	iryd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
irydektomiach	irydektomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomia	irydektomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomiami	irydektomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomią	irydektomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomie	irydektomia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomię	irydektomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomii	irydektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irydektomii	irydektomia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomii	irydektomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomij	irydektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irydektomio	irydektomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydektomiom	irydektomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyce	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostykach	irydodiagnostyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyka	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostykami	irydodiagnostyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyką	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostykę	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyki	irydodiagnostyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyki	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyk	irydodiagnostyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostyko	irydodiagnostyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydodiagnostykom	irydodiagnostyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydolodzy	irydolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologach	irydolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologa	irydolog	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologami	irydolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologiem	irydolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologi	irydolog	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
irydolog	irydolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologom	irydolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologowie	irydolog	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologowi	irydolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologów	irydolog	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologu	irydolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologu	irydolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
irydologiach	irydologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologia	irydologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologiami	irydologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologią	irydologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologie	irydologia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologię	irydologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologii	irydologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irydologii	irydologia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologii	irydologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologij	irydologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irydologio	irydologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydologiom	irydologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomiach	irydotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomia	irydotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomiami	irydotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomią	irydotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomie	irydotomia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomię	irydotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomii	irydotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irydotomii	irydotomia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomii	irydotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomij	irydotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irydotomio	irydotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydotomiom	irydotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowościach	irydowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowościami	irydowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowością	irydowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowości	irydowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowości	irydowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowości	irydowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowości	irydowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowości	irydowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowościom	irydowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowość	irydowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowość	irydowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irydowa	irydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irydową	irydowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irydową	irydowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irydowego	irydowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irydowego	irydowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irydowe	irydowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowe	irydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowe	irydowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irydowe	irydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irydowej	irydowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irydowej	irydowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irydowej	irydowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irydowemu	irydowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irydowi	irydowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irydowo	irydowy	adja		
irydowych	irydowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irydowych	irydowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowych	irydowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowy	irydowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irydowy	irydowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irydowymi	irydowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowym	irydowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irydowym	irydowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irydowym	irydowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irygacjach	irygacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacja	irygacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacjami	irygacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacją	irygacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacje	irygacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygację	irygacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacji	irygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irygacji	irygacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacji	irygacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacjo	irygacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacjom	irygacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyj	irygacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irygacyjnościach	irygacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjnościami	irygacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjnością	irygacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjności	irygacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjności	irygacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjności	irygacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjności	irygacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjności	irygacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjnościom	irygacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjność	irygacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjność	irygacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irygacyjna	irygacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irygacyjną	irygacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irygacyjną	irygacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irygacyjnego	irygacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irygacyjnego	irygacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irygacyjne	irygacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjne	irygacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjne	irygacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irygacyjne	irygacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irygacyjnej	irygacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irygacyjnej	irygacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irygacyjnej	irygacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irygacyjnemu	irygacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irygacyjni	irygacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irygacyjno	irygacyjny	adja		
irygacyjnych	irygacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irygacyjnych	irygacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjnych	irygacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjny	irygacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irygacyjny	irygacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irygacyjnymi	irygacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjnym	irygacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irygacyjnym	irygacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irygacyjnym	irygacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irygatorach	irygator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatora	irygator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorami	irygator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorem	irygator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygator	irygator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorom	irygator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorowi	irygator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorów	irygator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatory	irygator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorze	irygator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygatorze	irygator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irygować	irygować	inf:imperf		
irygowaliby	irygować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
irygowalibyście	irygować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
irygowalibyśmy	irygować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
irygowali	irygować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
irygowali	irygować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
irygowaliście	irygować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
irygowaliśmy	irygować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
irygowałaby	irygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
irygowałabym	irygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
irygowałabyś	irygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
irygowała	irygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
irygowała	irygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
irygowałam	irygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
irygowałaś	irygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
irygowałby	irygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
irygowałbym	irygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
irygowałbyś	irygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
irygowałem	irygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
irygowałeś	irygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
irygował	irygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
irygował	irygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
irygowałoby	irygować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
irygowałobym	irygować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
irygowałobyś	irygować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
irygowało	irygować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
irygowało	irygować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
irygowałom	irygować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
irygowałoś	irygować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
irygowałyby	irygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
irygowałybyście	irygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
irygowałybyśmy	irygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
irygowały	irygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
irygowały	irygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
irygowałyście	irygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
irygowałyśmy	irygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
irygowana	irygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
irygowaną	irygować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
irygowanego	irygować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
irygowanego	irygować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygowane	irygować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygowane	irygować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
irygowanej	irygować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
irygowanemu	irygować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygowaniach	irygować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
irygowania	irygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
irygowania	irygować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
irygowaniami	irygować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
irygowanie	irygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
irygowaniem	irygować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
irygowani	irygować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
irygowaniom	irygować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
irygowaniu	irygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
irygowano	irygować	imps:imperf		
irygowanych	irygować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
irygowanych	irygować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygowany	irygować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
irygowany	irygować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
irygowanymi	irygować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygowanym	irygować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygowanym	irygować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygowań	irygować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
irygująca	irygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
irygującą	irygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
irygującego	irygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
irygującego	irygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygujące	irygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygujące	irygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
irygującej	irygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
irygującemu	irygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygując	irygować	pcon:imperf		
irygująco	irygować	pacta		
irygujących	irygować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
irygujących	irygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygujący	irygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
irygujący	irygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
irygujący	irygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
irygującymi	irygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygującym	irygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irygującym	irygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irygują	irygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
irygujcie	irygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
irygujecie	irygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iryguje	irygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
irygujemy	irygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
irygujesz	irygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iryguję	irygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iryguj	irygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
irygujmy	irygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
irysach	irys	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysach	irys	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysa	irys	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysa	irys	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysami	irys	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysami	irys	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysem	irys	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysem	irys	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysie	irys	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysie	irys	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysie	irys	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysie	irys	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irys	irys	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irys	irys	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysom	irys	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysom	irys	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysowi	irys	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysowi	irys	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysów	irys	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysów	irys	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysy	irys	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysy	irys	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysek	irysek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysek	irysek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskach	irysek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskach	irysek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryska	irysek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryska	irysek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryskami	irysek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskami	irysek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryskiem	irysek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskiem	irysek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryski	irysek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryski	irysek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryskom	irysek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskom	irysek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iryskowi	irysek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
iryskowi	irysek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysków	irysek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysków	irysek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysku	irysek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysku	irysek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysku	irysek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
irysku	irysek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
irysowościach	irysowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowościami	irysowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowością	irysowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowości	irysowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowości	irysowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowości	irysowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowości	irysowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowości	irysowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowościom	irysowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowość	irysowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowość	irysowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irysowa	irysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irysową	irysowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irysową	irysowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irysowego	irysowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irysowego	irysowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irysowe	irysowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowe	irysowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowe	irysowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irysowe	irysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irysowej	irysowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irysowej	irysowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irysowej	irysowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irysowemu	irysowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irysowi	irysowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irysowo	irysowy	adja		
irysowych	irysowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irysowych	irysowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowych	irysowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowy	irysowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irysowy	irysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irysowymi	irysowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowym	irysowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irysowym	irysowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irysowym	irysowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irytacjach	irytacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacja	irytacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacjami	irytacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacją	irytacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacje	irytacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytację	irytacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacji	irytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
irytacji	irytacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacji	irytacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacjo	irytacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacjom	irytacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytacyj	irytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
irytować	irytować	inf:imperf		
irytowaliby	irytować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
irytowalibyście	irytować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
irytowalibyśmy	irytować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
irytowali	irytować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
irytowali	irytować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
irytowaliście	irytować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
irytowaliśmy	irytować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
irytowałaby	irytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
irytowałabym	irytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
irytowałabyś	irytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
irytowała	irytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
irytowała	irytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
irytowałam	irytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
irytowałaś	irytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
irytowałby	irytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
irytowałbym	irytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
irytowałbyś	irytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
irytowałem	irytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
irytowałeś	irytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
irytował	irytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
irytował	irytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
irytowałoby	irytować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
irytowałobym	irytować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
irytowałobyś	irytować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
irytowało	irytować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
irytowało	irytować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
irytowałom	irytować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
irytowałoś	irytować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
irytowałyby	irytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
irytowałybyście	irytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
irytowałybyśmy	irytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
irytowały	irytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
irytowały	irytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
irytowałyście	irytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
irytowałyśmy	irytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
irytowana	irytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
irytowaną	irytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
irytowanego	irytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
irytowanego	irytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytowane	irytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytowane	irytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
irytowanej	irytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
irytowanemu	irytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytowaniach	irytować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
irytowania	irytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
irytowania	irytować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
irytowaniami	irytować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
irytowanie	irytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
irytowaniem	irytować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
irytowani	irytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
irytowaniom	irytować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
irytowaniu	irytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
irytowano	irytować	imps:imperf		
irytowanych	irytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
irytowanych	irytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytowany	irytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
irytowany	irytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
irytowanymi	irytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytowanym	irytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytowanym	irytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytowań	irytować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
irytująca	irytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
irytującą	irytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
irytującego	irytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
irytującego	irytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytujące	irytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytujące	irytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
irytującej	irytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
irytującemu	irytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytując	irytować	pcon:imperf		
irytująco	irytować	pacta		
irytujących	irytować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
irytujących	irytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytujący	irytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
irytujący	irytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
irytujący	irytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
irytującymi	irytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytującym	irytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
irytującym	irytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
irytują	irytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
irytujcie	irytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
irytujecie	irytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
irytuje	irytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
irytujemy	irytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
irytujesz	irytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
irytuję	irytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
irytuj	irytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
irytujmy	irytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
irytująco	irytująco	adv:pos		
irytującościach	irytującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującościami	irytującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującością	irytującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującości	irytującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującości	irytującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującości	irytującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującości	irytującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującości	irytującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującościom	irytującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującość	irytującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytującość	irytującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
irytująca	irytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
irytującą	irytujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
irytującą	irytujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
irytującego	irytujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
irytującego	irytujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irytujące	irytujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytujące	irytujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytujące	irytujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
irytujące	irytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
irytującej	irytujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
irytującej	irytujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
irytującej	irytujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
irytującemu	irytujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irytująco	irytujący	adja		
irytujących	irytujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
irytujących	irytujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytujących	irytujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytujący	irytujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
irytujący	irytujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
irytujący	irytujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
irytującymi	irytujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytującym	irytujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
irytującym	irytujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
irytującym	irytujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iryzacjach	iryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacja	iryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacjami	iryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacją	iryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacje	iryzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzację	iryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacji	iryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iryzacji	iryzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacji	iryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacjo	iryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacjom	iryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iryzacyj	iryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iryzować	iryzować	inf:imperf		
iryzowaliby	iryzować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iryzowalibyście	iryzować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iryzowalibyśmy	iryzować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iryzowali	iryzować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iryzowali	iryzować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iryzowaliście	iryzować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iryzowaliśmy	iryzować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iryzowałaby	iryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iryzowałabym	iryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iryzowałabyś	iryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iryzowała	iryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iryzowała	iryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iryzowałam	iryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iryzowałaś	iryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iryzowałby	iryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iryzowałbym	iryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iryzowałbyś	iryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iryzowałem	iryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iryzowałeś	iryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iryzował	iryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iryzował	iryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iryzowałoby	iryzować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iryzowałobym	iryzować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iryzowałobyś	iryzować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iryzowało	iryzować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iryzowało	iryzować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iryzowałom	iryzować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iryzowałoś	iryzować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iryzowałyby	iryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iryzowałybyście	iryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iryzowałybyśmy	iryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iryzowały	iryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iryzowały	iryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iryzowałyście	iryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iryzowałyśmy	iryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iryzowana	iryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iryzowaną	iryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iryzowanego	iryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iryzowanego	iryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowane	iryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowane	iryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowanej	iryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iryzowanemu	iryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowaniach	iryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowania	iryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowania	iryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowaniami	iryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowanie	iryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowaniem	iryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowani	iryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iryzowaniom	iryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowaniu	iryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzowano	iryzować	imps:imperf		
iryzowanych	iryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iryzowanych	iryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowany	iryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iryzowany	iryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iryzowanymi	iryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowanym	iryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowanym	iryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzowań	iryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iryzująca	iryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iryzującą	iryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iryzującego	iryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iryzującego	iryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzujące	iryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzujące	iryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iryzującej	iryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iryzującemu	iryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzując	iryzować	pcon:imperf		
iryzująco	iryzować	pacta		
iryzujących	iryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iryzujących	iryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzujący	iryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iryzujący	iryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iryzujący	iryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iryzującymi	iryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzującym	iryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iryzującym	iryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iryzują	iryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iryzujcie	iryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iryzujecie	iryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iryzuje	iryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iryzujemy	iryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iryzujesz	iryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iryzuję	iryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iryzuj	iryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iryzujmy	iryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
isagodze	isagoga	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogach	isagoga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagoga	isagoga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogami	isagoga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogą	isagoga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogę	isagoga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogi	isagoga	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogi	isagoga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagog	isagoga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogo	isagoga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogom	isagoga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogice	isagogika	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogikach	isagogika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogika	isagogika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogikami	isagogika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogiką	isagogika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogikę	isagogika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogiki	isagogika	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogiki	isagogika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogik	isagogika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogiko	isagogika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
isagogikom	isagogika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasach	ischias	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasami	ischias	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasem	ischias	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasie	ischias	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasie	ischias	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischias	ischias	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasom	ischias	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowi	ischias	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasów	ischias	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasu	ischias	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasy	ischias	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowościach	ischiasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowościami	ischiasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowością	ischiasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowości	ischiasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowości	ischiasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowości	ischiasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowości	ischiasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowości	ischiasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowościom	ischiasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowość	ischiasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowość	ischiasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ischiasowa	ischiasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ischiasową	ischiasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ischiasową	ischiasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ischiasowego	ischiasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ischiasowego	ischiasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ischiasowe	ischiasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowe	ischiasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowe	ischiasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ischiasowe	ischiasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ischiasowej	ischiasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ischiasowej	ischiasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ischiasowej	ischiasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ischiasowemu	ischiasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ischiasowi	ischiasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ischiasowo	ischiasowy	adja		
ischiasowych	ischiasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ischiasowych	ischiasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowych	ischiasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowy	ischiasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ischiasowy	ischiasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ischiasowymi	ischiasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowym	ischiasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ischiasowym	ischiasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ischiasowym	ischiasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskach	isk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskami	isk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiem	isk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iski	isk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
isk	isk	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskom	isk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskowi	isk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
isków	isk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
isku	isk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
isku	isk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
isku	isk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskacie	iskać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iskać	iskać	inf:imperf		
iska	iskać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iskająca	iskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskającą	iskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskającego	iskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskającego	iskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskające	iskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskające	iskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskającej	iskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskającemu	iskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskając	iskać	pcon:imperf		
iskająco	iskać	pacta		
iskających	iskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskających	iskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskający	iskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskający	iskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskający	iskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskającymi	iskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskającym	iskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskającym	iskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskają	iskać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iskajcie	iskać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iskaj	iskać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iskajmy	iskać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iskaliby	iskać	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskalibyście	iskać	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskalibyśmy	iskać	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskali	iskać	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iskali	iskać	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskaliście	iskać	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskaliśmy	iskać	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskałaby	iskać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskałabym	iskać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskałabyś	iskać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskała	iskać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iskała	iskać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskałam	iskać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskałaś	iskać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskałby	iskać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskałbym	iskać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskałbyś	iskać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskałem	iskać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskałeś	iskać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskał	iskać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iskał	iskać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskałoby	iskać	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskałobym	iskać	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskałobyś	iskać	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskało	iskać	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iskało	iskać	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskałom	iskać	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskałoś	iskać	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskałyby	iskać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskałybyście	iskać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskałybyśmy	iskać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskały	iskać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iskały	iskać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskałyście	iskać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskałyśmy	iskać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskam	iskać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iskamy	iskać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iskana	iskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskaną	iskać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskanego	iskać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskanego	iskać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskane	iskać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskane	iskać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskanej	iskać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskanemu	iskać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskaniach	iskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskania	iskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskania	iskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskaniami	iskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskanie	iskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskaniem	iskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskani	iskać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskaniom	iskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iskaniu	iskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskano	iskać	imps:imperf		
iskanych	iskać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskanych	iskać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskany	iskać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskany	iskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskanymi	iskać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskanym	iskać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskanym	iskać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskań	iskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskasz	iskać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iskiereczce	iskiereczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczek	iskiereczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczkach	iskiereczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczka	iskiereczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczkami	iskiereczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczką	iskiereczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczkę	iskiereczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczki	iskiereczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczki	iskiereczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczko	iskiereczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskiereczkom	iskiereczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierce	iskierka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierek	iskierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierkach	iskierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierka	iskierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierkami	iskierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierką	iskierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierkę	iskierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierki	iskierka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierki	iskierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierko	iskierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierkom	iskierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskierkowatościach	iskierkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatościami	iskierkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatością	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatości	iskierkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatości	iskierkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatości	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatości	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatości	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatościom	iskierkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatość	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowatość	iskierkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
iskierkowaci	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		indyw.
iskierkowata	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatą	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatą	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatego	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatego	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowate	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowate	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowate	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowate	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatej	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatej	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatej	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatemu	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowato	iskierkowaty	adja		indyw.
iskierkowatych	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatych	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatych	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowaty	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		indyw.
iskierkowaty	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatymi	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatym	iskierkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatym	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		indyw.
iskierkowatym	iskierkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		indyw.
iskiernikach	iskiernik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernika	iskiernik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernikami	iskiernik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernikiem	iskiernik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskierniki	iskiernik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernik	iskiernik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernikom	iskiernik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskiernikowi	iskiernik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskierników	iskiernik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskierniku	iskiernik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskierniku	iskiernik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskier	iskra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrach	iskra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskra	iskra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrami	iskra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrą	iskra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrę	iskra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskro	iskra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrom	iskra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskry	iskra	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskry	iskra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrze	iskra	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrawościach	iskrawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawościami	iskrawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawością	iskrawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawości	iskrawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawości	iskrawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawości	iskrawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawości	iskrawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawości	iskrawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawościom	iskrawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawość	iskrawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawość	iskrawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrawa	iskrawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
iskrawą	iskrawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
iskrawą	iskrawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
iskrawego	iskrawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
iskrawego	iskrawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrawe	iskrawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawe	iskrawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawe	iskrawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
iskrawe	iskrawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
iskrawej	iskrawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
iskrawej	iskrawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
iskrawej	iskrawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
iskrawemu	iskrawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrawi	iskrawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
iskrawo	iskrawy	adja		daw.
iskrawych	iskrawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
iskrawych	iskrawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawych	iskrawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawy	iskrawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
iskrawy	iskrawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
iskrawymi	iskrawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawym	iskrawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrawym	iskrawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrawym	iskrawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrochronach	iskrochron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronami	iskrochron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronem	iskrochron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronie	iskrochron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronie	iskrochron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochron	iskrochron	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronom	iskrochron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronowi	iskrochron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronów	iskrochron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochronu	iskrochron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrochrony	iskrochron	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikach	iskrownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownika	iskrownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikami	iskrownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikiem	iskrownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowniki	iskrownik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownik	iskrownik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikom	iskrownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowi	iskrownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowników	iskrownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowniku	iskrownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowniku	iskrownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowościach	iskrownikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowościami	iskrownikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowością	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowości	iskrownikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowości	iskrownikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowości	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowości	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowości	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowościom	iskrownikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowość	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowość	iskrownikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrownikowa	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iskrownikową	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iskrownikową	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iskrownikowego	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iskrownikowego	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrownikowe	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowe	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowe	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iskrownikowe	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iskrownikowej	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iskrownikowej	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iskrownikowej	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iskrownikowemu	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrownikowi	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iskrownikowo	iskrownikowy	adja		
iskrownikowych	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iskrownikowych	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowych	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowy	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iskrownikowy	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iskrownikowymi	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowym	iskrownikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrownikowym	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrownikowym	iskrownikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrowościach	iskrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowościami	iskrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowością	iskrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowości	iskrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowości	iskrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowości	iskrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowości	iskrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowości	iskrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowościom	iskrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowość	iskrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowość	iskrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrowa	iskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iskrową	iskrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iskrową	iskrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iskrowego	iskrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iskrowego	iskrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrowe	iskrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowe	iskrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowe	iskrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iskrowe	iskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iskrowej	iskrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iskrowej	iskrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iskrowej	iskrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iskrowemu	iskrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrowi	iskrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iskrowo	iskrowy	adja		
iskrowych	iskrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iskrowych	iskrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowych	iskrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowy	iskrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iskrowy	iskrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iskrowymi	iskrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowym	iskrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrowym	iskrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrowym	iskrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrówce	iskrówka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówek	iskrówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówkach	iskrówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówka	iskrówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówkami	iskrówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówką	iskrówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówkę	iskrówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówki	iskrówka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówki	iskrówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówko	iskrówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrówkom	iskrówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastościach	iskrzastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastościami	iskrzastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastością	iskrzastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastości	iskrzastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastości	iskrzastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastości	iskrzastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastości	iskrzastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastości	iskrzastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastościom	iskrzastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastość	iskrzastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzastość	iskrzastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzasta	iskrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iskrzastą	iskrzasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iskrzastą	iskrzasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iskrzastego	iskrzasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iskrzastego	iskrzasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzaste	iskrzasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzaste	iskrzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzaste	iskrzasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iskrzaste	iskrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iskrzastej	iskrzasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iskrzastej	iskrzasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iskrzastej	iskrzasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iskrzastemu	iskrzasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzasto	iskrzasty	adja		
iskrzastych	iskrzasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iskrzastych	iskrzasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzastych	iskrzasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzasty	iskrzasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iskrzasty	iskrzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iskrzastymi	iskrzasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzastym	iskrzasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzastym	iskrzasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzastym	iskrzasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzaści	iskrzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iskrzatościach	iskrzatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatościami	iskrzatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatością	iskrzatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatości	iskrzatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatości	iskrzatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatości	iskrzatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatości	iskrzatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatości	iskrzatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatościom	iskrzatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatość	iskrzatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzatość	iskrzatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzaci	iskrzaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iskrzata	iskrzaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iskrzatą	iskrzaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iskrzatą	iskrzaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iskrzatego	iskrzaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iskrzatego	iskrzaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzate	iskrzaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzate	iskrzaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzate	iskrzaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iskrzate	iskrzaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iskrzatej	iskrzaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iskrzatej	iskrzaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iskrzatej	iskrzaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iskrzatemu	iskrzaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzato	iskrzaty	adja		
iskrzatych	iskrzaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iskrzatych	iskrzaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzatych	iskrzaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzaty	iskrzaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iskrzaty	iskrzaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iskrzatymi	iskrzaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzatym	iskrzaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzatym	iskrzaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzatym	iskrzaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrząco	iskrząco	adv:pos		
iskrzącościach	iskrzącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącościami	iskrzącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącością	iskrzącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącości	iskrzącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącości	iskrzącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącości	iskrzącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącości	iskrzącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącości	iskrzącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącościom	iskrzącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącość	iskrzącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzącość	iskrzącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrząca	iskrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iskrzącą	iskrzący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iskrzącą	iskrzący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iskrzącego	iskrzący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iskrzącego	iskrzący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzące	iskrzący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzące	iskrzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzące	iskrzący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iskrzące	iskrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iskrzącej	iskrzący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iskrzącej	iskrzący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iskrzącej	iskrzący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iskrzącemu	iskrzący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrząco	iskrzący	adja		
iskrzących	iskrzący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iskrzących	iskrzący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzących	iskrzący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzący	iskrzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iskrzący	iskrzący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iskrzący	iskrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iskrzącymi	iskrzący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzącym	iskrzący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iskrzącym	iskrzący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzącym	iskrzący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iskrzałaby	iskrzeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskrzałabym	iskrzeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskrzałabyś	iskrzeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskrzała	iskrzeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iskrzała	iskrzeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskrzałam	iskrzeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskrzałaś	iskrzeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskrzałby	iskrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskrzałbym	iskrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskrzałbyś	iskrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskrzałem	iskrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskrzałeś	iskrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskrzał	iskrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iskrzał	iskrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskrzałoby	iskrzeć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskrzałobym	iskrzeć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskrzałobyś	iskrzeć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskrzało	iskrzeć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iskrzało	iskrzeć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskrzałom	iskrzeć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskrzałoś	iskrzeć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskrzałyby	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskrzałybyście	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskrzałybyśmy	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskrzały	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iskrzały	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskrzałyście	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskrzałyśmy	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskrzano	iskrzeć	imps:imperf		
iskrząca	iskrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącą	iskrzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącej	iskrzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącemu	iskrzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrząc	iskrzeć	pcon:imperf		
iskrząco	iskrzeć	pacta		
iskrzących	iskrzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzących	iskrzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzącymi	iskrzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzą	iskrzeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iskrzcie	iskrzeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iskrzeć	iskrzeć	inf:imperf		
iskrzeliby	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskrzelibyście	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskrzelibyśmy	iskrzeć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskrzeli	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iskrzeli	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskrzeliście	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskrzeliśmy	iskrzeć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskrzeniach	iskrzeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniami	iskrzeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenie	iskrzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniem	iskrzeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniom	iskrzeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniu	iskrzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeń	iskrzeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzę	iskrzeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iskrz	iskrzeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iskrzmy	iskrzeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iskrzycie	iskrzeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iskrzy	iskrzeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iskrzymy	iskrzeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iskrzysz	iskrzeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iskrzeniach	iskrzenie	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzenia	iskrzenie	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzenia	iskrzenie	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeniami	iskrzenie	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzenie	iskrzenie	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeniem	iskrzenie	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeniom	iskrzenie	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeniu	iskrzenie	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeniu	iskrzenie	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzeń	iskrzenie	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycach	iskrzyca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyca	iskrzyca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycami	iskrzyca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycą	iskrzyca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyce	iskrzyca	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycę	iskrzyca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyc	iskrzyca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyco	iskrzyca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycom	iskrzyca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycy	iskrzyca	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzycy	iskrzyca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iskrząca	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącą	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącej	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącemu	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrząc	iskrzyć:v1	pcon:imperf		
iskrząco	iskrzyć:v1	pacta		
iskrzących	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzących	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzącymi	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzyć:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzyć:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzą	iskrzyć:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iskrzeniach	iskrzyć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzyć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzyć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniami	iskrzyć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenie	iskrzyć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniem	iskrzyć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniom	iskrzyć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniu	iskrzyć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeń	iskrzyć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzę	iskrzyć:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iskrzono	iskrzyć:v1	imps:imperf		
iskrzycie	iskrzyć:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iskrzyć	iskrzyć:v1	inf:imperf		
iskrzy	iskrzyć:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iskrzyjcie	iskrzyć:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iskrzyj	iskrzyć:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iskrzyjmy	iskrzyć:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iskrzyliby	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskrzylibyście	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskrzylibyśmy	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskrzyli	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iskrzyli	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iskrzyliście	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iskrzyliśmy	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłaby	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłabym	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłabyś	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskrzyła	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iskrzyła	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłam	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłaś	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iskrzyłby	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłbym	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłbyś	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskrzyłem	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłeś	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iskrzył	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iskrzył	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłoby	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłobym	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłobyś	iskrzyć:v1	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskrzyło	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iskrzyło	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłom	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iskrzyłoś	iskrzyć:v1	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iskrzyłyby	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłybyście	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskrzyłybyśmy	iskrzyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskrzyły	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iskrzyły	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iskrzyłyście	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iskrzyłyśmy	iskrzyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iskrzymy	iskrzyć:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iskrzysz	iskrzyć:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iskrząca	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącą	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskrzącego	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzące	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącej	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzącemu	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrząc	iskrzyć:v2	pcon:imperf		indyw.
iskrząco	iskrzyć:v2	pacta		
iskrzących	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzących	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzący	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzącymi	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzyć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzącym	iskrzyć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzą	iskrzyć:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzeniach	iskrzyć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzyć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenia	iskrzyć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniami	iskrzyć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzenie	iskrzyć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniem	iskrzyć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeni	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniom	iskrzyć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeniu	iskrzyć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzeń	iskrzyć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzę	iskrzyć:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzona	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzoną	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzonego	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iskrzonego	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzone	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzone	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iskrzonej	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iskrzonemu	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzono	iskrzyć:v2	imps:imperf		indyw.
iskrzonych	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iskrzonych	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzony	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzony	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iskrzonymi	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzonym	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzonym	iskrzyć:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iskrzycie	iskrzyć:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyć	iskrzyć:v2	inf:imperf		indyw.
iskrzy	iskrzyć:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyjcie	iskrzyć:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyj	iskrzyć:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyjmy	iskrzyć:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyliby	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzylibyście	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzylibyśmy	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyli	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m1:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyli	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyliście	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyliśmy	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłaby	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłabym	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłabyś	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyła	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyła	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłam	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłaś	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłby	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłbym	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłbyś	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłem	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłeś	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzył	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		indyw.
iskrzył	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłoby	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłobym	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłobyś	iskrzyć:v2	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyło	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:n:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyło	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłom	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłoś	iskrzyć:v2	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłyby	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłybyście	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłybyśmy	iskrzyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyły	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyły	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłyście	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyłyśmy	iskrzyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzymy	iskrzyć:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		indyw.
iskrzysz	iskrzyć:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		indyw.
iskrzyskach	iskrzysko	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyska	iskrzysko	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyska	iskrzysko	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyskami	iskrzysko	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyskiem	iskrzysko	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzysk	iskrzysko	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzysko	iskrzysko	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzyskom	iskrzysko	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzysku	iskrzysko	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzysku	iskrzysko	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iskrzysto	iskrzysto	adv:pos		daw.
iskrzystościach	iskrzystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystościami	iskrzystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystością	iskrzystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystości	iskrzystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystości	iskrzystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystości	iskrzystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystości	iskrzystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystości	iskrzystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystościom	iskrzystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystość	iskrzystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzystość	iskrzystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iskrzysta	iskrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystą	iskrzysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystą	iskrzysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystego	iskrzysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
iskrzystego	iskrzysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrzyste	iskrzysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzyste	iskrzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzyste	iskrzysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
iskrzyste	iskrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
iskrzystej	iskrzysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystej	iskrzysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystej	iskrzysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
iskrzystemu	iskrzysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrzysto	iskrzysty	adja		daw.
iskrzystych	iskrzysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
iskrzystych	iskrzysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzystych	iskrzysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzysty	iskrzysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
iskrzysty	iskrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
iskrzystymi	iskrzysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzystym	iskrzysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
iskrzystym	iskrzysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrzystym	iskrzysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
iskrzyści	iskrzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
islamach	islam	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamami	islam	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamem	islam	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamie	islam	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamie	islam	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islam	islam	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamom	islam	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamowi	islam	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamów	islam	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamu	islam	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamy	islam	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamiccy	islamicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
islamicka	islamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
islamicką	islamicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
islamicką	islamicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
islamickich	islamicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
islamickich	islamicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickich	islamicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickiego	islamicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
islamickiego	islamicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
islamickie	islamicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickie	islamicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickie	islamicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
islamickie	islamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
islamickiej	islamicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
islamickiej	islamicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
islamickiej	islamicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
islamickiemu	islamicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
islamicki	islamicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
islamicki	islamicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
islamickimi	islamicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickim	islamicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
islamickim	islamicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
islamickim	islamicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
islamicko	islamicki	adja		przest.
islamicku	islamicki	adjp		przest.
islamicko	islamicko	adv:pos		
islamickościach	islamickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickościami	islamickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickością	islamickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickości	islamickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickości	islamickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickości	islamickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickości	islamickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickości	islamickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickościom	islamickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickość	islamickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamickość	islamickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
islamicznościach	islamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamicznościami	islamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamicznością	islamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczności	islamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczności	islamiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczności	islamiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczności	islamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczności	islamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamicznościom	islamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczność	islamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczność	islamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamiczna	islamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
islamiczną	islamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
islamiczną	islamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
islamicznego	islamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
islamicznego	islamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamiczne	islamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamiczne	islamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamiczne	islamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
islamiczne	islamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
islamicznej	islamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
islamicznej	islamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
islamicznej	islamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
islamicznemu	islamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamiczni	islamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
islamiczno	islamiczny	adja		
islamicznych	islamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
islamicznych	islamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamicznych	islamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamiczny	islamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
islamiczny	islamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
islamicznymi	islamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamicznym	islamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamicznym	islamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamicznym	islamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamistach	islamista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamista	islamista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistami	islamista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistą	islamista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistę	islamista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamisto	islamista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistom	islamista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistów	islamista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamisty	islamista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
islamisty	islamista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamiście	islamista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamiści	islamista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
islamistce	islamistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistek	islamistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistkach	islamistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistka	islamistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistkami	islamistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistką	islamistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistkę	islamistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistki	islamistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistki	islamistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistko	islamistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistkom	islamistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistycznie	islamistycznie	adv:pos		
islamistycznościach	islamistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistycznościami	islamistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistycznością	islamistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczności	islamistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczności	islamistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczności	islamistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczności	islamistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczności	islamistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistycznościom	islamistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczność	islamistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczność	islamistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyczna	islamistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
islamistyczną	islamistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
islamistyczną	islamistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
islamistycznego	islamistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
islamistycznego	islamistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamistyczne	islamistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistyczne	islamistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistyczne	islamistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
islamistyczne	islamistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
islamistycznej	islamistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
islamistycznej	islamistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
islamistycznej	islamistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
islamistycznemu	islamistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamistyczni	islamistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
islamistyczno	islamistyczny	adja		
islamistycznych	islamistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
islamistycznych	islamistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistycznych	islamistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistyczny	islamistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
islamistyczny	islamistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
islamistycznymi	islamistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistycznym	islamistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamistycznym	islamistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamistycznym	islamistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamistyce	islamistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistykach	islamistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyka	islamistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistykami	islamistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyką	islamistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistykę	islamistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyki	islamistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyki	islamistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyk	islamistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistyko	islamistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamistykom	islamistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacjach	islamizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacja	islamizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacjami	islamizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacją	islamizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacje	islamizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizację	islamizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacji	islamizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
islamizacji	islamizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacji	islamizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacjo	islamizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacjom	islamizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamizacyj	islamizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
islamizmach	islamizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmami	islamizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmem	islamizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmie	islamizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmie	islamizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizm	islamizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmom	islamizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmowi	islamizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmów	islamizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmu	islamizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizmy	islamizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islamizować	islamizować	inf:imperf		
islamizowaliby	islamizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
islamizowalibyście	islamizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
islamizowalibyśmy	islamizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
islamizowali	islamizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
islamizowali	islamizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
islamizowaliście	islamizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
islamizowaliśmy	islamizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
islamizowałaby	islamizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
islamizowałabym	islamizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
islamizowałabyś	islamizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
islamizowała	islamizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
islamizowała	islamizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
islamizowałam	islamizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
islamizowałaś	islamizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
islamizowałby	islamizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
islamizowałbym	islamizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
islamizowałbyś	islamizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
islamizowałem	islamizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
islamizowałeś	islamizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
islamizował	islamizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
islamizował	islamizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
islamizowałoby	islamizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
islamizowałobym	islamizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
islamizowałobyś	islamizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
islamizowało	islamizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
islamizowało	islamizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
islamizowałom	islamizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
islamizowałoś	islamizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
islamizowałyby	islamizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
islamizowałybyście	islamizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
islamizowałybyśmy	islamizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
islamizowały	islamizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
islamizowały	islamizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
islamizowałyście	islamizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
islamizowałyśmy	islamizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
islamizowana	islamizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
islamizowaną	islamizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
islamizowanego	islamizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
islamizowanego	islamizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowane	islamizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowane	islamizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowanej	islamizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
islamizowanemu	islamizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowaniach	islamizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowania	islamizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowania	islamizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowaniami	islamizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowanie	islamizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowaniem	islamizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowani	islamizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
islamizowaniom	islamizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowaniu	islamizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizowano	islamizować	imps:imperf		
islamizowanych	islamizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
islamizowanych	islamizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowany	islamizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
islamizowany	islamizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
islamizowanymi	islamizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowanym	islamizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowanym	islamizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizowań	islamizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
islamizująca	islamizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
islamizującą	islamizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
islamizującego	islamizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
islamizującego	islamizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizujące	islamizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizujące	islamizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
islamizującej	islamizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
islamizującemu	islamizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizując	islamizować	pcon:imperf		
islamizująco	islamizować	pacta		
islamizujących	islamizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
islamizujących	islamizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizujący	islamizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
islamizujący	islamizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
islamizujący	islamizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
islamizującymi	islamizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizującym	islamizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
islamizującym	islamizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
islamizują	islamizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
islamizujcie	islamizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
islamizujecie	islamizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
islamizuje	islamizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
islamizujemy	islamizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
islamizujesz	islamizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
islamizuję	islamizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
islamizuj	islamizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
islamizujmy	islamizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
islamofobiach	islamofobia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobia	islamofobia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiami	islamofobia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobią	islamofobia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobie	islamofobia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobię	islamofobia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobii	islamofobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
islamofobii	islamofobia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobii	islamofobia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobij	islamofobia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
islamofobio	islamofobia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiom	islamofobia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobicznościach	islamofobiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobicznościami	islamofobiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobicznością	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczności	islamofobiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczności	islamofobiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczności	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczności	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczności	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobicznościom	islamofobiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczność	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczność	islamofobiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamofobiczna	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
islamofobiczną	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
islamofobiczną	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
islamofobicznego	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
islamofobicznego	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamofobiczne	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobiczne	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobiczne	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
islamofobiczne	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
islamofobicznej	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
islamofobicznej	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
islamofobicznej	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
islamofobicznemu	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamofobiczni	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
islamofobiczno	islamofobiczny	adja		
islamofobicznych	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
islamofobicznych	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobicznych	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobiczny	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
islamofobiczny	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
islamofobicznymi	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobicznym	islamofobiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamofobicznym	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamofobicznym	islamofobiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamscy	islamski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
islamska	islamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
islamską	islamski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
islamską	islamski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
islamskich	islamski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
islamskich	islamski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskich	islamski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskiego	islamski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
islamskiego	islamski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamskie	islamski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskie	islamski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskie	islamski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
islamskie	islamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
islamskiej	islamski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
islamskiej	islamski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
islamskiej	islamski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
islamskiemu	islamski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamski	islamski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
islamski	islamski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
islamskimi	islamski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskim	islamski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islamskim	islamski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamskim	islamski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islamsko	islamski	adja		
islamsku	islamski	adjp		
islamsko	islamsko	adv:pos		
islamskościach	islamskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskościami	islamskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskością	islamskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskości	islamskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskości	islamskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskości	islamskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskości	islamskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskości	islamskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskościom	islamskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskość	islamskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islamskość	islamskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzcy	islandzki:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
islandzka	islandzki:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
islandzką	islandzki:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
islandzką	islandzki:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
islandzkich	islandzki:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
islandzkich	islandzki:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkich	islandzki:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkiego	islandzki:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
islandzkiego	islandzki:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islandzkie	islandzki:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkie	islandzki:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkie	islandzki:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
islandzkie	islandzki:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
islandzkiej	islandzki:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
islandzkiej	islandzki:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
islandzkiej	islandzki:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
islandzkiemu	islandzki:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islandzki	islandzki:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
islandzki	islandzki:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
islandzkimi	islandzki:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkim	islandzki:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
islandzkim	islandzki:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islandzkim	islandzki:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
islandzko	islandzki:a	adja		
islandzku	islandzki:a	adjp		
islandzkich	islandzki:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkich	islandzki:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkiego	islandzki:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkie	islandzki:s	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkiemu	islandzki:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzki	islandzki:s	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzki	islandzki:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkimi	islandzki:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkim	islandzki:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkim	islandzki:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkim	islandzki:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
islandzko	islandzko	adv:pos		
islandzkościach	islandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkościami	islandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkością	islandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkości	islandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkości	islandzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkości	islandzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkości	islandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkości	islandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkościom	islandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkość	islandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
islandzkość	islandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijscy	ismailijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
ismailijska	ismailijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ismailijską	ismailijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ismailijską	ismailijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ismailijskich	ismailijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
ismailijskich	ismailijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskich	ismailijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskiego	ismailijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ismailijskiego	ismailijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ismailijskie	ismailijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskie	ismailijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskie	ismailijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
ismailijskie	ismailijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
ismailijskiej	ismailijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ismailijskiej	ismailijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ismailijskiej	ismailijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ismailijskiemu	ismailijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ismailijski	ismailijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ismailijski	ismailijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ismailijskimi	ismailijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskim	ismailijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
ismailijskim	ismailijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ismailijskim	ismailijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
ismailijsko	ismailijski	adja		
ismailijsku	ismailijski	adjp		
ismailijsko	ismailijsko	adv:pos		
ismailijskościach	ismailijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskościami	ismailijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskością	ismailijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskości	ismailijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskości	ismailijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskości	ismailijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskości	ismailijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskości	ismailijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskościom	ismailijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskość	ismailijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailijskość	ismailijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ismailicie	ismailita	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailici	ismailita	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitach	ismailita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailita	ismailita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitami	ismailita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitą	ismailita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitę	ismailita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailito	ismailita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitom	ismailita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailitów	ismailita	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismaility	ismailita	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ismaility	ismailita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmach	ismailizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmami	ismailizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmem	ismailizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmie	ismailizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmie	ismailizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizm	ismailizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmom	ismailizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmowi	ismailizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmów	ismailizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmu	ismailizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ismailizmy	ismailizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańscy	istebniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istebniańska	istebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istebniańską	istebniański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istebniańską	istebniański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istebniańskich	istebniański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istebniańskich	istebniański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskich	istebniański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskiego	istebniański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istebniańskiego	istebniański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istebniańskie	istebniański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskie	istebniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskie	istebniański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istebniańskie	istebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istebniańskiej	istebniański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istebniańskiej	istebniański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istebniańskiej	istebniański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istebniańskiemu	istebniański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istebniański	istebniański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istebniański	istebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istebniańskimi	istebniański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskim	istebniański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istebniańskim	istebniański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istebniańskim	istebniański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istebniańsko	istebniański	adja		
istebniańsku	istebniański	adjp		
istebniańsko	istebniańsko	adv:pos		
istebniańskościach	istebniańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskościami	istebniańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskością	istebniańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskości	istebniańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskości	istebniańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskości	istebniańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskości	istebniańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskości	istebniańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskościom	istebniańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskość	istebniańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istebniańskość	istebniańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijscy	istmijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istmijska	istmijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istmijską	istmijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istmijską	istmijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istmijskich	istmijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istmijskich	istmijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskich	istmijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskiego	istmijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istmijskiego	istmijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istmijskie	istmijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskie	istmijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskie	istmijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istmijskie	istmijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istmijskiej	istmijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istmijskiej	istmijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istmijskiej	istmijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istmijskiemu	istmijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istmijski	istmijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istmijski	istmijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istmijskimi	istmijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskim	istmijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istmijskim	istmijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istmijskim	istmijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istmijsko	istmijski	adja		
istmijsku	istmijski	adjp		
istmijsko	istmijsko	adv:pos		
istmijskościach	istmijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskościami	istmijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskością	istmijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskości	istmijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskości	istmijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskości	istmijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskości	istmijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskości	istmijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskościom	istmijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskość	istmijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istmijskość	istmijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnąca	istnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
istnącą	istnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
istnącego	istnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
istnącego	istnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istnące	istnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istnące	istnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
istnącej	istnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
istnącemu	istnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istnąc	istnąć	pcon:imperf		daw.
istnąco	istnąć	pacta		
istnących	istnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
istnących	istnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istnący	istnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
istnący	istnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
istnący	istnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
istnącymi	istnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istnącym	istnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istnącym	istnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istnąć	istnąć	inf:imperf		daw.
istną	istnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
istnąłby	istnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
istnąłbym	istnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
istnąłbyś	istnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
istnąłem	istnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
istnąłeś	istnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
istnął	istnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
istnął	istnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
istnę	istnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęliby	istnąć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęlibyście	istnąć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęlibyśmy	istnąć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęli	istnąć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
istnęli	istnąć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęliście	istnąć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęliśmy	istnąć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęłaby	istnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłabym	istnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęłabyś	istnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęła	istnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
istnęła	istnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłam	istnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęłaś	istnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęłoby	istnąć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłobym	istnąć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęłobyś	istnąć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęło	istnąć	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
istnęło	istnąć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłom	istnąć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęłoś	istnąć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęłyby	istnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłybyście	istnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęłybyśmy	istnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
istnęły	istnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
istnęły	istnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
istnęłyście	istnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
istnęłyśmy	istnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
istniecie	istnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
istnie	istnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
istniemy	istnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
istniesz	istnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
istnięciach	istnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
istnięcia	istnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istnięcia	istnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istnięciami	istnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istnięcie	istnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istnięciem	istnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istnięciom	istnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
istnięciu	istnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
istnięć	istnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istnięto	istnąć	imps:imperf		daw.
istnijcie	istnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
istnij	istnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
istnijmy	istnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
istnie	istnie	adv:pos		przest.
istniałaby	istnieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
istniałabym	istnieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
istniałabyś	istnieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
istniała	istnieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
istniała	istnieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
istniałam	istnieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
istniałaś	istnieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
istniałby	istnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
istniałbym	istnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
istniałbyś	istnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
istniałem	istnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
istniałeś	istnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
istniał	istnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
istniał	istnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
istniałoby	istnieć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
istniałobym	istnieć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
istniałobyś	istnieć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
istniało	istnieć	praet:sg:n:imperf		
istniało	istnieć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
istniałom	istnieć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
istniałoś	istnieć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
istniałyby	istnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
istniałybyście	istnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
istniałybyśmy	istnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
istniały	istnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
istniały	istnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
istniałyście	istnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
istniałyśmy	istnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
istniano	istnieć	imps:imperf		
istnieć	istnieć	inf:imperf		
istniejąca	istnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
istniejącą	istnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
istniejącego	istnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
istniejącego	istnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istniejące	istnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istniejące	istnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
istniejącej	istnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
istniejącemu	istnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istniejąc	istnieć	pcon:imperf		
istniejąco	istnieć	pacta		
istniejących	istnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
istniejących	istnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istniejący	istnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
istniejący	istnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
istniejący	istnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
istniejącymi	istnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istniejącym	istnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istniejącym	istnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istnieją	istnieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
istniejcie	istnieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
istniejecie	istnieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
istnieje	istnieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
istniejemy	istnieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
istniejesz	istnieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
istnieję	istnieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
istniej	istnieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
istniejmy	istnieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
istnieliby	istnieć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
istnielibyście	istnieć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
istnielibyśmy	istnieć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
istnieli	istnieć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
istnieli	istnieć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
istnieliście	istnieć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
istnieliśmy	istnieć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
istnieniach	istnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
istnienia	istnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istnienia	istnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istnieniami	istnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istnienie	istnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istnieniem	istnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istnieniom	istnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
istnieniu	istnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
istnień	istnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istnieniach	istnienie	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnienia	istnienie	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnienia	istnienie	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniami	istnienie	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnienie	istnienie	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniem	istnienie	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniom	istnienie	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniu	istnienie	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniu	istnienie	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnień	istnienie	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowo	istnieniowo	adv:pos		
istnieniowościach	istnieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowościami	istnieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowością	istnieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowości	istnieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowości	istnieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowości	istnieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowości	istnieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowości	istnieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowościom	istnieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowość	istnieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowość	istnieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnieniowa	istnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istnieniową	istnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istnieniową	istnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istnieniowego	istnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istnieniowego	istnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istnieniowe	istnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowe	istnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowe	istnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istnieniowe	istnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istnieniowej	istnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istnieniowej	istnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istnieniowej	istnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istnieniowemu	istnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istnieniowi	istnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istnieniowo	istnieniowy	adja		
istnieniowych	istnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istnieniowych	istnieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowych	istnieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowy	istnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istnieniowy	istnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istnieniowymi	istnieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowym	istnieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnieniowym	istnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istnieniowym	istnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istnościach	istność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnościami	istność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnością	istność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istności	istność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istności	istność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istności	istność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istności	istność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istności	istność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istnościom	istność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istność	istność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istność	istność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istna	istny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istną	istny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istną	istny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istnego	istny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istnego	istny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istne	istny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istne	istny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istne	istny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istne	istny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istnej	istny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istnej	istny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istnej	istny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istnemu	istny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istni	istny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istno	istny	adja		
istnych	istny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istnych	istny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnych	istny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istny	istny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istny	istny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istnymi	istny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnym	istny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istnym	istny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istnym	istny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istocząca	istoczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
istoczącą	istoczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
istoczącego	istoczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
istoczącego	istoczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istoczące	istoczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istoczące	istoczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
istoczącej	istoczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
istoczącemu	istoczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istocząc	istoczyć	pcon:imperf		daw.
istocząco	istoczyć	pacta		
istoczących	istoczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
istoczących	istoczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istoczący	istoczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
istoczący	istoczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
istoczący	istoczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
istoczącymi	istoczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istoczącym	istoczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
istoczącym	istoczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
istoczą	istoczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczcie	istoczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczeniach	istoczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
istoczenia	istoczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istoczenia	istoczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istoczeniami	istoczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istoczenie	istoczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
istoczeniem	istoczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
istoczeniom	istoczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
istoczeniu	istoczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
istoczeń	istoczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
istoczę	istoczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
istocz	istoczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczmy	istoczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczono	istoczyć	imps:imperf		daw.
istoczycie	istoczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyć	istoczyć	inf:imperf		daw.
istoczy	istoczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyliby	istoczyć	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczylibyście	istoczyć	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczylibyśmy	istoczyć	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyli	istoczyć	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
istoczyli	istoczyć	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyliście	istoczyć	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyliśmy	istoczyć	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłaby	istoczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłabym	istoczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłabyś	istoczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyła	istoczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
istoczyła	istoczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłam	istoczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłaś	istoczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyłby	istoczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłbym	istoczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłbyś	istoczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyłem	istoczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłeś	istoczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczył	istoczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
istoczył	istoczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłoby	istoczyć	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłobym	istoczyć	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłobyś	istoczyć	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyło	istoczyć	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
istoczyło	istoczyć	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłom	istoczyć	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyłoś	istoczyć	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyłyby	istoczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłybyście	istoczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyłybyśmy	istoczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczyły	istoczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
istoczyły	istoczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
istoczyłyście	istoczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
istoczyłyśmy	istoczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczymy	istoczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
istoczysz	istoczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
istocie	istota	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotach	istota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istota	istota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotami	istota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotą	istota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotę	istota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istot	istota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istoto	istota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotom	istota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istoty	istota	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istoty	istota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotce	istotka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotek	istotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotkach	istotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotka	istotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotkami	istotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotką	istotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotkę	istotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotki	istotka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotki	istotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotko	istotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotkom	istotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotnie	istotnie:d	adv:pos		
istotniej	istotnie:d	adv:com		
istotnie	istotnie:q	qub		
istotnościach	istotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotnościami	istotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotnością	istotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotności	istotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotności	istotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotności	istotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotności	istotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotności	istotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotnościom	istotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotność	istotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotność	istotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotna	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istotną	istotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istotną	istotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istotnego	istotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istotnego	istotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotne	istotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotne	istotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotne	istotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istotne	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istotnej	istotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istotnej	istotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istotnej	istotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istotnemu	istotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotniejsi	istotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:com		
istotniejsza	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
istotniejszą	istotny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
istotniejszą	istotny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
istotniejszego	istotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
istotniejszego	istotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
istotniejsze	istotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejsze	istotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejsze	istotny	adj:sg:acc:n:com		
istotniejsze	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:com		
istotniejszej	istotny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
istotniejszej	istotny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
istotniejszej	istotny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
istotniejszemu	istotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
istotniejszych	istotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:com		
istotniejszych	istotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejszych	istotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejszy	istotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
istotniejszy	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
istotniejszymi	istotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejszym	istotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:com		
istotniejszym	istotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
istotniejszym	istotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:com		
istotni	istotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istotno	istotny	adja		
istotnych	istotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istotnych	istotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotnych	istotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotny	istotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istotny	istotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istotnymi	istotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotnym	istotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotnym	istotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotnym	istotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotowo	istotowo	adv:pos		
istotowościach	istotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowościami	istotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowością	istotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowości	istotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowości	istotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowości	istotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowości	istotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowości	istotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowościom	istotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowość	istotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowość	istotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
istotowa	istotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istotową	istotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istotową	istotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istotowego	istotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istotowego	istotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotowe	istotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowe	istotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowe	istotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istotowe	istotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istotowej	istotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istotowej	istotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istotowej	istotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istotowemu	istotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotowi	istotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istotowo	istotowy	adja		
istotowych	istotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istotowych	istotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowych	istotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowy	istotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istotowy	istotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istotowymi	istotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowym	istotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istotowym	istotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istotowym	istotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istryjscy	istryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
istryjska	istryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
istryjską	istryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
istryjską	istryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
istryjskich	istryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
istryjskich	istryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskich	istryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskiego	istryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
istryjskiego	istryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istryjskie	istryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskie	istryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskie	istryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
istryjskie	istryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
istryjskiej	istryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
istryjskiej	istryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
istryjskiej	istryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
istryjskiemu	istryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istryjski	istryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
istryjski	istryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
istryjskimi	istryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskim	istryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
istryjskim	istryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istryjskim	istryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
istryjsko	istryjski	adja		
istryjsku	istryjski	adjp		
istryjsko	istryjsko	adv:pos		
istryjskościach	istryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskościami	istryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskością	istryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskości	istryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskości	istryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskości	istryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskości	istryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskości	istryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskościom	istryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskość	istryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
istryjskość	istryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymscy	iszymski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iszymska	iszymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iszymską	iszymski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iszymską	iszymski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iszymskich	iszymski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iszymskich	iszymski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskich	iszymski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskiego	iszymski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iszymskiego	iszymski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iszymskie	iszymski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskie	iszymski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskie	iszymski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iszymskie	iszymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iszymskiej	iszymski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iszymskiej	iszymski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iszymskiej	iszymski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iszymskiemu	iszymski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iszymski	iszymski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iszymski	iszymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iszymskimi	iszymski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskim	iszymski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iszymskim	iszymski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iszymskim	iszymski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iszymsko	iszymski	adja		
iszymsku	iszymski	adjp		
iszymsko	iszymsko	adv:pos		
iszymskościach	iszymskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskościami	iszymskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskością	iszymskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskości	iszymskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskości	iszymskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskości	iszymskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskości	iszymskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskości	iszymskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskościom	iszymskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskość	iszymskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszymskość	iszymskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iszcząca	iścić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iszczącą	iścić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iszczącego	iścić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iszczącego	iścić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iszczące	iścić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczące	iścić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczącej	iścić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iszczącemu	iścić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iszcząc	iścić	pcon:imperf		daw.
iszcząco	iścić	pacta		
iszczących	iścić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iszczących	iścić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczący	iścić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iszczący	iścić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iszczący	iścić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iszczącymi	iścić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczącym	iścić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczącym	iścić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iszczą	iścić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
iszczeniach	iścić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczenia	iścić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczenia	iścić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iszczeniami	iścić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iszczenie	iścić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczeniem	iścić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iszczeni	iścić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iszczeniom	iścić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iszczeniu	iścić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczeń	iścić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iszczę	iścić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
iszczona	iścić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iszczoną	iścić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iszczonego	iścić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iszczonego	iścić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iszczone	iścić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczone	iścić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iszczonej	iścić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iszczonemu	iścić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iszczono	iścić	imps:imperf		daw.
iszczonych	iścić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iszczonych	iścić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczony	iścić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iszczony	iścić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iszczonymi	iścić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczonym	iścić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iszczonym	iścić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iścicie	iścić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
iścić	iścić	inf:imperf		daw.
iści	iścić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
iścijcie	iścić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
iścij	iścić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
iścijmy	iścić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
iściliby	iścić	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
iścilibyście	iścić	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
iścilibyśmy	iścić	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
iścili	iścić	praet:pl:m1:imperf		daw.
iścili	iścić	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		daw.
iściliście	iścić	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		daw.
iściliśmy	iścić	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłaby	iścić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłabym	iścić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłabyś	iścić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
iściła	iścić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
iściła	iścić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłam	iścić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłaś	iścić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
iściłby	iścić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłbym	iścić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłbyś	iścić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
iściłem	iścić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłeś	iścić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
iścił	iścić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
iścił	iścić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłoby	iścić	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłobym	iścić	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłobyś	iścić	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
iściło	iścić	praet:sg:n:imperf		daw.
iściło	iścić	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłom	iścić	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		daw.
iściłoś	iścić	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		daw.
iściłyby	iścić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłybyście	iścić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
iściłybyśmy	iścić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
iściły	iścić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		daw.
iściły	iścić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		daw.
iściłyście	iścić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		daw.
iściłyśmy	iścić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		daw.
iścimy	iścić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
iścisz	iścić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
iśćcie	iścić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
iść	iścić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
iśćmy	iścić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
istcach	iściec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istca	iściec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcami	iściec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istce	iściec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcem	iściec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcom	iściec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcowi	iściec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istców	iściec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcu	iściec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcu	iściec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcy	iściec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
istcze	iściec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iściec	iściec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcach	iściec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćca	iściec	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcami	iściec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćce	iściec	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcem	iściec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcom	iściec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcowie	iściec	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcowi	iściec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćców	iściec	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcu	iściec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iśćcu	iściec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iście	iście:d	adv		
iściach	iście:s	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iścia	iście:s	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iścia	iście:s	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściami	iście:s	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iście	iście:s	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściem	iście:s	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iści	iście:s	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściom	iście:s	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściu	iście:s	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściu	iście:s	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iściznach	iścizna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizna	iścizna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iściznami	iścizna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizną	iścizna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iściznę	iścizna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizn	iścizna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizno	iścizna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iściznom	iścizna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizny	iścizna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iścizny	iścizna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
iściźnie	iścizna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
idąca	iść	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
idącą	iść	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
idącego	iść	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
idącego	iść	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idące	iść	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idące	iść	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
idącej	iść	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
idącemu	iść	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idąc	iść	pcon:imperf		
idąco	iść	pacta		
idących	iść	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
idących	iść	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idący	iść	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
idący	iść	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
idący	iść	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
idącymi	iść	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idącym	iść	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
idącym	iść	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
idą	iść	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
idę	iść	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
idziecie	iść	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
idzie	iść	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
idziemy	iść	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
idziesz	iść	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
idźcie	iść	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
idź	iść	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
idźmy	iść	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
iść	iść	inf:imperf		
itaccy	itacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
itacka	itacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
itacką	itacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
itacką	itacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
itackich	itacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
itackich	itacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackich	itacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackiego	itacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
itackiego	itacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
itackie	itacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackie	itacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackie	itacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
itackie	itacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
itackiej	itacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
itackiej	itacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
itackiej	itacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
itackiemu	itacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
itacki	itacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
itacki	itacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
itackimi	itacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackim	itacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
itackim	itacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
itackim	itacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
itacko	itacki	adja		
itacku	itacki	adjp		
itacko	itacko	adv:pos		
itackościach	itackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackościami	itackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackością	itackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackości	itackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackości	itackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackości	itackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackości	itackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackości	itackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackościom	itackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackość	itackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
itackość	itackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmach	itacyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmami	itacyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmem	itacyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmie	itacyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmie	itacyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzm	itacyzm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmom	itacyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmowi	itacyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmów	itacyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmu	itacyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itacyzmy	itacyzm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itd	i_tak_dalej	brev:pun		
italianistach	italianista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianista	italianista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistami	italianista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistą	italianista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistę	italianista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianisto	italianista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistom	italianista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistów	italianista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianisty	italianista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
italianisty	italianista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianiście	italianista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianiści	italianista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italianistce	italianistka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistek	italianistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistkach	italianistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistka	italianistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistkami	italianistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistką	italianistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistkę	italianistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistki	italianistka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistki	italianistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistko	italianistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistkom	italianistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyce	italianistyka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistykach	italianistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyka	italianistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistykami	italianistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyką	italianistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistykę	italianistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyki	italianistyka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyki	italianistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyk	italianistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistyko	italianistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianistykom	italianistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacjach	italianizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacja	italianizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacjami	italianizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacją	italianizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacje	italianizacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizację	italianizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacji	italianizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
italianizacji	italianizacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacji	italianizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacjo	italianizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacjom	italianizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italianizacyj	italianizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
italianizmach	italianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmami	italianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmem	italianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmie	italianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmie	italianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizm	italianizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmom	italianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmowi	italianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmów	italianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmu	italianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizmy	italianizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italianizować	italianizować	inf:imperf		
italianizowaliby	italianizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
italianizowalibyście	italianizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
italianizowalibyśmy	italianizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
italianizowali	italianizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
italianizowali	italianizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
italianizowaliście	italianizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
italianizowaliśmy	italianizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
italianizowałaby	italianizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
italianizowałabym	italianizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
italianizowałabyś	italianizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
italianizowała	italianizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
italianizowała	italianizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
italianizowałam	italianizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
italianizowałaś	italianizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
italianizowałby	italianizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
italianizowałbym	italianizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
italianizowałbyś	italianizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
italianizowałem	italianizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
italianizowałeś	italianizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
italianizował	italianizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
italianizował	italianizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
italianizowałoby	italianizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
italianizowałobym	italianizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
italianizowałobyś	italianizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
italianizowało	italianizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
italianizowało	italianizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
italianizowałom	italianizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
italianizowałoś	italianizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
italianizowałyby	italianizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
italianizowałybyście	italianizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
italianizowałybyśmy	italianizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
italianizowały	italianizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
italianizowały	italianizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
italianizowałyście	italianizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
italianizowałyśmy	italianizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
italianizowana	italianizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
italianizowaną	italianizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
italianizowanego	italianizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
italianizowanego	italianizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowane	italianizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowane	italianizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowanej	italianizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
italianizowanemu	italianizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowaniach	italianizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowania	italianizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowania	italianizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowaniami	italianizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowanie	italianizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowaniem	italianizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowani	italianizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
italianizowaniom	italianizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowaniu	italianizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizowano	italianizować	imps:imperf		
italianizowanych	italianizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
italianizowanych	italianizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowany	italianizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
italianizowany	italianizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
italianizowanymi	italianizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowanym	italianizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowanym	italianizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizowań	italianizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
italianizująca	italianizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
italianizującą	italianizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
italianizującego	italianizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
italianizującego	italianizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizujące	italianizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizujące	italianizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
italianizującej	italianizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
italianizującemu	italianizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizując	italianizować	pcon:imperf		
italianizująco	italianizować	pacta		
italianizujących	italianizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
italianizujących	italianizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizujący	italianizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
italianizujący	italianizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
italianizujący	italianizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
italianizującymi	italianizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizującym	italianizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italianizującym	italianizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italianizują	italianizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
italianizujcie	italianizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
italianizujecie	italianizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
italianizuje	italianizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
italianizujemy	italianizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
italianizujesz	italianizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
italianizuję	italianizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
italianizuj	italianizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
italianizujmy	italianizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
italiańscy	italiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
italiańska	italiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
italiańską	italiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
italiańską	italiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
italiańskich	italiański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
italiańskich	italiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskich	italiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskiego	italiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
italiańskiego	italiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italiańskie	italiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskie	italiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskie	italiański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
italiańskie	italiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
italiańskiej	italiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
italiańskiej	italiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
italiańskiej	italiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
italiańskiemu	italiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italiański	italiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
italiański	italiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
italiańskimi	italiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskim	italiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italiańskim	italiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italiańskim	italiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italiańsko	italiański	adja		
italiańsku	italiański	adjp		
italiańsko	italiańsko	adv:pos		
italiańskościach	italiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskościami	italiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskością	italiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskości	italiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskości	italiańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskości	italiańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskości	italiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskości	italiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskościom	italiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskość	italiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiańskość	italiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italicach	italica	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italica	italica	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italicami	italica	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italicom	italica	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italiców	italica	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italijscy	italijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
italijska	italijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
italijską	italijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
italijską	italijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
italijskich	italijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
italijskich	italijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskich	italijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskiego	italijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
italijskiego	italijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italijskie	italijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskie	italijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskie	italijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
italijskie	italijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
italijskiej	italijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
italijskiej	italijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
italijskiej	italijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
italijskiemu	italijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italijski	italijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
italijski	italijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
italijskimi	italijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskim	italijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italijskim	italijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italijskim	italijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italijsko	italijski	adja		
italijsku	italijski	adjp		
italijsko	italijsko	adv:pos		
italijskościach	italijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskościami	italijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskością	italijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskości	italijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskości	italijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskości	italijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskości	italijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskości	italijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskościom	italijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskość	italijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italijskość	italijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikach	italik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italika	italik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italikami	italik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italikiem	italik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italiki	italik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italik	italik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italikom	italik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italikowi	italik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italików	italik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italiku	italik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italiku	italik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
italice	italika:s1	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikach	italika:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italika	italika:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikami	italika:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiką	italika:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikę	italika:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiki	italika:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiki	italika:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italik	italika:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italiko	italika:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikom	italika:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italikach	italika:s2	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italika	italika:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italikami	italika:s2	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italikom	italika:s2	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italików	italika:s2	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
italizować	italizować	inf:imperf		
italizowaliby	italizować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
italizowalibyście	italizować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
italizowalibyśmy	italizować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
italizowali	italizować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
italizowali	italizować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
italizowaliście	italizować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
italizowaliśmy	italizować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
italizowałaby	italizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
italizowałabym	italizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
italizowałabyś	italizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
italizowała	italizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
italizowała	italizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
italizowałam	italizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
italizowałaś	italizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
italizowałby	italizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
italizowałbym	italizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
italizowałbyś	italizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
italizowałem	italizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
italizowałeś	italizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
italizował	italizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
italizował	italizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
italizowałoby	italizować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
italizowałobym	italizować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
italizowałobyś	italizować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
italizowało	italizować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
italizowało	italizować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
italizowałom	italizować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
italizowałoś	italizować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
italizowałyby	italizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
italizowałybyście	italizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
italizowałybyśmy	italizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
italizowały	italizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
italizowały	italizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
italizowałyście	italizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
italizowałyśmy	italizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
italizowana	italizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
italizowaną	italizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
italizowanego	italizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
italizowanego	italizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizowane	italizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizowane	italizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
italizowanej	italizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
italizowanemu	italizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizowaniach	italizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
italizowania	italizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
italizowania	italizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
italizowaniami	italizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
italizowanie	italizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
italizowaniem	italizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
italizowani	italizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
italizowaniom	italizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
italizowaniu	italizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
italizowano	italizować	imps:imperf		
italizowanych	italizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
italizowanych	italizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizowany	italizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
italizowany	italizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
italizowanymi	italizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizowanym	italizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizowanym	italizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizowań	italizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
italizująca	italizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
italizującą	italizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
italizującego	italizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
italizującego	italizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizujące	italizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizujące	italizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
italizującej	italizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
italizującemu	italizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizując	italizować	pcon:imperf		
italizująco	italizować	pacta		
italizujących	italizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
italizujących	italizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizujący	italizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
italizujący	italizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
italizujący	italizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
italizującymi	italizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizującym	italizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
italizującym	italizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
italizują	italizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
italizujcie	italizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
italizujecie	italizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
italizuje	italizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
italizujemy	italizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
italizujesz	italizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
italizuję	italizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
italizuj	italizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
italizujmy	italizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
italofilach	italofil	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilach	italofil	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofila	italofil	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofila	italofil	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilami	italofil	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilami	italofil	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofile	italofil	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
italofile	italofil	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofile	italofil	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofile	italofil	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilem	italofil	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilem	italofil	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofili	italofil	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofil	italofil	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofil	italofil	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilom	italofil	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilom	italofil	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilowi	italofil	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilowi	italofil	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilów	italofil	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilu	italofil	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilu	italofil	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italofilu	italofil	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italofilu	italofil	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
italogrecy	italogrek	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogrekach	italogrek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogreka	italogrek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogrekami	italogrek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogrekiem	italogrek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogreki	italogrek	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
italogrek	italogrek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogrekom	italogrek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogrekowi	italogrek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogreków	italogrek	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogreku	italogrek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italogreku	italogrek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
italscy	italski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
italska	italski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
italską	italski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
italską	italski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
italskich	italski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
italskich	italski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskich	italski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskiego	italski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
italskiego	italski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italskie	italski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskie	italski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskie	italski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
italskie	italski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
italskiej	italski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
italskiej	italski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
italskiej	italski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
italskiemu	italski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italski	italski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
italski	italski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
italskimi	italski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskim	italski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
italskim	italski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italskim	italski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
italsko	italski	adja		
italsku	italski	adjp		
italsko	italsko	adv:pos		
italskościach	italskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskościami	italskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskością	italskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskości	italskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskości	italskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskości	italskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskości	italskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskości	italskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskościom	italskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskość	italskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
italskość	italskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracjach	iteracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracja	iteracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracjami	iteracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracją	iteracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracje	iteracja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iterację	iteracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracji	iteracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
iteracji	iteracja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracji	iteracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracjo	iteracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracjom	iteracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyj	iteracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iteracyjnościach	iteracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjnościami	iteracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjnością	iteracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjności	iteracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjności	iteracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjności	iteracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjności	iteracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjności	iteracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjnościom	iteracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjność	iteracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjność	iteracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteracyjna	iteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iteracyjną	iteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iteracyjną	iteracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iteracyjnego	iteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iteracyjnego	iteracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteracyjne	iteracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjne	iteracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjne	iteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iteracyjne	iteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iteracyjnej	iteracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iteracyjnej	iteracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iteracyjnej	iteracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iteracyjnemu	iteracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteracyjni	iteracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iteracyjno	iteracyjny	adja		
iteracyjnych	iteracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iteracyjnych	iteracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjnych	iteracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjny	iteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iteracyjny	iteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iteracyjnymi	iteracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjnym	iteracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteracyjnym	iteracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteracyjnym	iteracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iterativach	iterativum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativa	iterativum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativami	iterativum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativom	iterativum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativów	iterativum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativum	iterativum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativum	iterativum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativum	iterativum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativum	iterativum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iterativum	iterativum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwach	iteratiwum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwa	iteratiwum	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwami	iteratiwum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwom	iteratiwum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwów	iteratiwum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwum	iteratiwum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwum	iteratiwum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwum	iteratiwum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwum	iteratiwum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratiwum	iteratiwum	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywnościach	iteratywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywnościami	iteratywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywnością	iteratywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywności	iteratywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywności	iteratywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywności	iteratywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywności	iteratywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywności	iteratywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywnościom	iteratywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywność	iteratywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywność	iteratywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iteratywna	iteratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iteratywną	iteratywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iteratywną	iteratywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iteratywnego	iteratywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iteratywnego	iteratywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteratywne	iteratywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywne	iteratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywne	iteratywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iteratywne	iteratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iteratywnej	iteratywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iteratywnej	iteratywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iteratywnej	iteratywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iteratywnemu	iteratywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteratywni	iteratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iteratywno	iteratywny	adja		
iteratywnych	iteratywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iteratywnych	iteratywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywnych	iteratywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywny	iteratywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iteratywny	iteratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iteratywnymi	iteratywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywnym	iteratywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iteratywnym	iteratywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iteratywnym	iteratywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iterbach	iterb	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbami	iterb	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbem	iterb	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbie	iterb	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbie	iterb	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterb	iterb	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbom	iterb	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbowi	iterb	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbów	iterb	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterbu	iterb	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterby	iterb	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
iterować	iterować	inf:imperf		
iterowaliby	iterować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iterowalibyście	iterować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iterowalibyśmy	iterować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iterowali	iterować	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
iterowali	iterować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
iterowaliście	iterować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
iterowaliśmy	iterować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
iterowałaby	iterować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iterowałabym	iterować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iterowałabyś	iterować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iterowała	iterować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
iterowała	iterować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
iterowałam	iterować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
iterowałaś	iterować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
iterowałby	iterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iterowałbym	iterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iterowałbyś	iterować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iterowałem	iterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
iterowałeś	iterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
iterował	iterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
iterował	iterować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
iterowałoby	iterować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iterowałobym	iterować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iterowałobyś	iterować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iterowało	iterować	praet:sg:n:imperf		
iterowało	iterować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf		
iterowałom	iterować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf		
iterowałoś	iterować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf		
iterowałyby	iterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iterowałybyście	iterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iterowałybyśmy	iterować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iterowały	iterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf		
iterowały	iterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf		
iterowałyście	iterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf		
iterowałyśmy	iterować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf		
iterowana	iterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iterowaną	iterować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iterowanego	iterować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iterowanego	iterować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterowane	iterować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterowane	iterować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iterowanej	iterować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iterowanemu	iterować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterowaniach	iterować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:aff		
iterowania	iterować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iterowania	iterować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iterowaniami	iterować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iterowanie	iterować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:aff		
iterowaniem	iterować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:aff		
iterowani	iterować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iterowaniom	iterować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:aff		
iterowaniu	iterować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:aff		
iterowano	iterować	imps:imperf		
iterowanych	iterować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iterowanych	iterować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterowany	iterować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iterowany	iterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iterowanymi	iterować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterowanym	iterować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterowanym	iterować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterowań	iterować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:aff		
iterująca	iterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
iterującą	iterować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
iterującego	iterować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
iterującego	iterować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterujące	iterować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterujące	iterować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
iterującej	iterować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
iterującemu	iterować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterując	iterować	pcon:imperf		
iterująco	iterować	pacta		
iterujących	iterować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
iterujących	iterować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterujący	iterować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
iterujący	iterować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
iterujący	iterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
iterującymi	iterować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterującym	iterować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
iterującym	iterować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
iterują	iterować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
iterujcie	iterować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
iterujecie	iterować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
iteruje	iterować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
iterujemy	iterować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
iterujesz	iterować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
iteruję	iterować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
iteruj	iterować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
iterujmy	iterować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
itinerariach	itinerarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itineraria	itinerarium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerariami	itinerarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerariom	itinerarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerariów	itinerarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerarium	itinerarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerarium	itinerarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerarium	itinerarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerarium	itinerarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerarium	itinerarium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
itinerariuszach	itinerariusz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariusza	itinerariusz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszami	itinerariusz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariusze	itinerariusz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszem	itinerariusz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariusz	itinerariusz	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszom	itinerariusz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszowi	itinerariusz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszu	itinerariusz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszu	itinerariusz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itinerariuszy	itinerariusz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
itrach	itr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrami	itr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrem	itr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itr	itr	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrom	itr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrowi	itr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrów	itr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itru	itr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itry	itr	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrze	itr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itrze	itr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
itp	i_tym_podobne	brev:pun		
iwach	iwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwa	iwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwami	iwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwą	iwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwę	iwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwie	iwa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iw	iwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwo	iwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwom	iwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwy	iwa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwy	iwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniscy	iwaniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iwaniska	iwaniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iwaniską	iwaniski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iwaniską	iwaniski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iwaniskich	iwaniski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iwaniskich	iwaniski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskich	iwaniski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskiego	iwaniski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iwaniskiego	iwaniski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwaniskie	iwaniski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskie	iwaniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskie	iwaniski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iwaniskie	iwaniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iwaniskiej	iwaniski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iwaniskiej	iwaniski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iwaniskiej	iwaniski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iwaniskiemu	iwaniski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwaniski	iwaniski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iwaniski	iwaniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iwaniskimi	iwaniski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskim	iwaniski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwaniskim	iwaniski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwaniskim	iwaniski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwanisko	iwaniski	adja		
iwanisku	iwaniski	adjp		
iwanisko	iwanisko	adv:pos		
iwaniskościach	iwaniskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskościami	iwaniskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskością	iwaniskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskości	iwaniskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskości	iwaniskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskości	iwaniskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskości	iwaniskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskości	iwaniskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskościom	iwaniskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskość	iwaniskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwaniskość	iwaniskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowiccy	iwanowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iwanowicka	iwanowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iwanowicką	iwanowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iwanowicką	iwanowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iwanowickich	iwanowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iwanowickich	iwanowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickich	iwanowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickiego	iwanowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iwanowickiego	iwanowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwanowickie	iwanowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickie	iwanowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickie	iwanowicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iwanowickie	iwanowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iwanowickiej	iwanowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iwanowickiej	iwanowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iwanowickiej	iwanowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iwanowickiemu	iwanowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwanowicki	iwanowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iwanowicki	iwanowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iwanowickimi	iwanowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickim	iwanowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwanowickim	iwanowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwanowickim	iwanowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwanowicko	iwanowicki	adja		
iwanowicku	iwanowicki	adjp		
iwanowicko	iwanowicko	adv:pos		
iwanowickościach	iwanowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickościami	iwanowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickością	iwanowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickości	iwanowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickości	iwanowickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickości	iwanowickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickości	iwanowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickości	iwanowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickościom	iwanowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickość	iwanowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwanowickość	iwanowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyccy	iwierzycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iwierzycka	iwierzycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iwierzycką	iwierzycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iwierzycką	iwierzycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iwierzyckich	iwierzycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iwierzyckich	iwierzycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckich	iwierzycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckiego	iwierzycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iwierzyckiego	iwierzycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwierzyckie	iwierzycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckie	iwierzycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckie	iwierzycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iwierzyckie	iwierzycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iwierzyckiej	iwierzycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iwierzyckiej	iwierzycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iwierzyckiej	iwierzycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iwierzyckiemu	iwierzycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwierzycki	iwierzycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iwierzycki	iwierzycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iwierzyckimi	iwierzycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckim	iwierzycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwierzyckim	iwierzycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwierzyckim	iwierzycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwierzycko	iwierzycki	adja		
iwierzycku	iwierzycki	adjp		
iwierzycko	iwierzycko	adv:pos		
iwierzyckościach	iwierzyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckościami	iwierzyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckością	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckości	iwierzyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckości	iwierzyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckości	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckości	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckości	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckościom	iwierzyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckość	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwierzyckość	iwierzyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwinach	iwina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwina	iwina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwinami	iwina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwiną	iwina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwinę	iwina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwinie	iwina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwin	iwina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwino	iwina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwinom	iwina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwiny	iwina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwiny	iwina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowscy	iwkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iwkowska	iwkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iwkowską	iwkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iwkowską	iwkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iwkowskich	iwkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iwkowskich	iwkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskich	iwkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskiego	iwkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iwkowskiego	iwkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwkowskie	iwkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskie	iwkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskie	iwkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iwkowskie	iwkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iwkowskiej	iwkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iwkowskiej	iwkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iwkowskiej	iwkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iwkowskiemu	iwkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwkowski	iwkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iwkowski	iwkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iwkowskimi	iwkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskim	iwkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwkowskim	iwkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwkowskim	iwkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwkowsko	iwkowski	adja		
iwkowsku	iwkowski	adjp		
iwkowsko	iwkowsko	adv:pos		
iwkowskościach	iwkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskościami	iwkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskością	iwkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskości	iwkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskości	iwkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskości	iwkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskości	iwkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskości	iwkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskościom	iwkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskość	iwkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwkowskość	iwkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwoniccy	iwonicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
iwonicka	iwonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
iwonicką	iwonicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
iwonicką	iwonicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
iwonickich	iwonicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
iwonickich	iwonicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickich	iwonicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickiego	iwonicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
iwonickiego	iwonicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwonickie	iwonicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickie	iwonicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickie	iwonicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
iwonickie	iwonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
iwonickiej	iwonicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
iwonickiej	iwonicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
iwonickiej	iwonicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
iwonickiemu	iwonicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwonicki	iwonicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
iwonicki	iwonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
iwonickimi	iwonicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickim	iwonicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
iwonickim	iwonicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwonickim	iwonicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
iwonicko	iwonicki	adja		
iwonicku	iwonicki	adjp		
iwonicko	iwonicko	adv:pos		
iwonickościach	iwonickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickościami	iwonickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickością	iwonickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickości	iwonickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickości	iwonickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickości	iwonickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickości	iwonickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickości	iwonickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickościom	iwonickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickość	iwonickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
iwonickość	iwonickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinach	izabelin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinami	izabelin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinem	izabelin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinie	izabelin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinie	izabelin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelin	izabelin	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinom	izabelin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinowi	izabelin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinów	izabelin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelinu	izabelin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabeliny	izabelin	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izabelowatościach	izabelowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatościami	izabelowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatością	izabelowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatości	izabelowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatości	izabelowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatości	izabelowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatości	izabelowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatości	izabelowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatościom	izabelowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatość	izabelowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowatość	izabelowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowaci	izabelowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
izabelowata	izabelowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatą	izabelowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatą	izabelowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatego	izabelowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
izabelowatego	izabelowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowate	izabelowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowate	izabelowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowate	izabelowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
izabelowate	izabelowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
izabelowatej	izabelowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatej	izabelowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatej	izabelowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
izabelowatemu	izabelowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowato	izabelowaty	adja		przest.
izabelowatych	izabelowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
izabelowatych	izabelowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowatych	izabelowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowaty	izabelowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
izabelowaty	izabelowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
izabelowatymi	izabelowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowatym	izabelowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowatym	izabelowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowatym	izabelowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowościach	izabelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowościami	izabelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowością	izabelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowości	izabelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowości	izabelowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowości	izabelowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowości	izabelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowości	izabelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowościom	izabelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowość	izabelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowość	izabelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izabelowa	izabelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
izabelową	izabelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
izabelową	izabelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
izabelowego	izabelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
izabelowego	izabelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowe	izabelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowe	izabelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowe	izabelowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
izabelowe	izabelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
izabelowej	izabelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
izabelowej	izabelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
izabelowej	izabelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
izabelowemu	izabelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowi	izabelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
izabelowo	izabelowy	adja		przest.
izabelowych	izabelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
izabelowych	izabelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowych	izabelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowy	izabelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
izabelowy	izabelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
izabelowymi	izabelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowym	izabelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izabelowym	izabelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izabelowym	izabelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izali	izali	qub		daw.
izaliż	izaliż	qub		przest.
izalobarach	izalobara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobara	izalobara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobarami	izalobara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobarą	izalobara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobarę	izalobara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobar	izalobara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobaro	izalobara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobarom	izalobara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobary	izalobara	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobary	izalobara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalobarze	izalobara	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermach	izaloterma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izaloterma	izaloterma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermami	izaloterma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermą	izaloterma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermę	izaloterma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermie	izaloterma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izaloterm	izaloterma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermo	izaloterma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermom	izaloterma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermy	izaloterma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izalotermy	izaloterma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanach	izan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanami	izan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanem	izan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanie	izan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanie	izan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izan	izan	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanom	izan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanowi	izan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanów	izan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanu	izan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izany	izan	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
izanomalach	izanomala	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomala	izanomala	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomalami	izanomala	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomalą	izanomala	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomale	izanomala	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomalę	izanomala	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomali	izanomala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|meteor.
izanomali	izanomala	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomali	izanomala	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomal	izanomala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|meteor.
izanomalo	izanomala	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izanomalom	izanomala	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izarytmach	izarytma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytma	izarytma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmami	izarytma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmą	izarytma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmę	izarytma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmie	izarytma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytm	izarytma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmo	izarytma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmom	izarytma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmy	izarytma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izarytmy	izarytma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatynach	izatyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyna	izatyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatynami	izatyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyną	izatyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatynę	izatyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatynie	izatyna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyn	izatyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyno	izatyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatynom	izatyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyny	izatyna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izatyny	izatyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbach	izba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izba	izba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbami	izba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbą	izba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbę	izba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbie	izba	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izb	izba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbo	izba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbom	izba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izby	izba	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izby	izba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczce	izbeczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczek	izbeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczkach	izbeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczka	izbeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczkami	izbeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczką	izbeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczkę	izbeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczki	izbeczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczki	izbeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczko	izbeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbeczkom	izbeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicach	izbica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbica	izbica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicami	izbica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicą	izbica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbice	izbica	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicę	izbica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbic	izbica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbico	izbica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicom	izbica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicy	izbica	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbicy	izbica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbiccy	izbicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izbicka	izbicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izbicką	izbicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izbicką	izbicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izbickich	izbicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izbickich	izbicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickich	izbicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickiego	izbicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izbickiego	izbicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbickie	izbicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickie	izbicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickie	izbicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izbickie	izbicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izbickiej	izbicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izbickiej	izbicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izbickiej	izbicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izbickiemu	izbicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbicki	izbicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izbicki	izbicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izbickimi	izbicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickim	izbicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbickim	izbicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbickim	izbicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbicko	izbicki	adja		
izbicku	izbicki	adjp		
izbicko	izbicko	adv:pos		
izbickościach	izbickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickościami	izbickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickością	izbickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickości	izbickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickości	izbickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickości	izbickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickości	izbickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickości	izbickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickościom	izbickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickość	izbickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbickość	izbickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbinach	izbina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbina	izbina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbinami	izbina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbiną	izbina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbinę	izbina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbinie	izbina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbin	izbina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbino	izbina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbinom	izbina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbiny	izbina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbiny	izbina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowościach	izbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowościami	izbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowością	izbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowości	izbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowości	izbowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowości	izbowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowości	izbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowości	izbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowościom	izbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowość	izbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowość	izbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izbowa	izbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izbową	izbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izbową	izbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izbowego	izbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izbowego	izbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbowe	izbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowe	izbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowe	izbowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izbowe	izbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izbowej	izbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izbowej	izbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izbowej	izbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izbowemu	izbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbowi	izbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izbowo	izbowy	adja		
izbowych	izbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izbowych	izbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowych	izbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowy	izbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izbowy	izbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izbowymi	izbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowym	izbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izbowym	izbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izbowym	izbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izdebeczce	izdebeczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczek	izdebeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczkach	izdebeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczka	izdebeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczkami	izdebeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczką	izdebeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczkę	izdebeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczki	izdebeczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczki	izdebeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczko	izdebeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebeczkom	izdebeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebinach	izdebina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebina	izdebina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebinami	izdebina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebiną	izdebina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebinę	izdebina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebinie	izdebina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebin	izdebina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebino	izdebina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebinom	izdebina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebiny	izdebina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebiny	izdebina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebce	izdebka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebek	izdebka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebkach	izdebka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebka	izdebka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebkami	izdebka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebką	izdebka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebkę	izdebka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebki	izdebka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebki	izdebka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebko	izdebka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebkom	izdebka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izdebnościach	izdebność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebnościami	izdebność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebnością	izdebność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebności	izdebność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebności	izdebność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebności	izdebność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebności	izdebność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebności	izdebność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebnościom	izdebność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebność	izdebność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebność	izdebność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
izdebna	izdebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
izdebną	izdebny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
izdebną	izdebny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
izdebnego	izdebny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
izdebnego	izdebny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izdebne	izdebny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebne	izdebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebne	izdebny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
izdebne	izdebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
izdebnej	izdebny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
izdebnej	izdebny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
izdebnej	izdebny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
izdebnemu	izdebny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izdebni	izdebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
izdebno	izdebny	adja		przest.
izdebnych	izdebny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
izdebnych	izdebny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebnych	izdebny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebny	izdebny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
izdebny	izdebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
izdebnymi	izdebny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebnym	izdebny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
izdebnym	izdebny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izdebnym	izdebny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
izerscy	izerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izerska	izerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izerską	izerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izerską	izerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izerskich	izerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izerskich	izerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskich	izerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskiego	izerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izerskiego	izerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izerskie	izerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskie	izerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskie	izerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izerskie	izerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izerskiej	izerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izerskiej	izerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izerskiej	izerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izerskiemu	izerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izerski	izerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izerski	izerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izerskimi	izerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskim	izerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izerskim	izerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izerskim	izerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izersko	izerski	adja		
izersku	izerski	adjp		
izersko	izersko	adv:pos		
izerskościach	izerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskościami	izerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskością	izerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskości	izerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskości	izerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskości	izerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskości	izerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskości	izerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskościom	izerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskość	izerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izerskość	izerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycach	izgrzyca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzyca	izgrzyca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycami	izgrzyca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycą	izgrzyca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzyce	izgrzyca	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycę	izgrzyca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzyc	izgrzyca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzyco	izgrzyca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycom	izgrzyca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycy	izgrzyca	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izgrzycy	izgrzyca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izmach	izm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmami	izm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmem	izm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmie	izm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmie	izm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izm	izm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmom	izm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmowi	izm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmów	izm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmu	izm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmy	izm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailicie	izmailita	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailici	izmailita	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitach	izmailita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailita	izmailita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitami	izmailita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitą	izmailita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitę	izmailita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailito	izmailita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitom	izmailita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailitów	izmailita	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmaility	izmailita	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
izmaility	izmailita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmach	izmailizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmami	izmailizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmem	izmailizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmie	izmailizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmie	izmailizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizm	izmailizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmom	izmailizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmowi	izmailizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmów	izmailizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmu	izmailizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izmailizmy	izmailizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoamplitudach	izoamplituda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplituda	izoamplituda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudami	izoamplituda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudą	izoamplituda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudę	izoamplituda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitud	izoamplituda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudo	izoamplituda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudom	izoamplituda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudy	izoamplituda	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudy	izoamplituda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoamplitudzie	izoamplituda	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarach	izobar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarami	izobar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarem	izobar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobar	izobar	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarom	izobar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarowi	izobar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarów	izobar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobaru	izobar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobary	izobar	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarze	izobar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarze	izobar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izobarach	izobara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobara	izobara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarami	izobara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarą	izobara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarę	izobara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobar	izobara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobaro	izobara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarom	izobara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobary	izobara	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobary	izobara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarze	izobara	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izobarycznościach	izobaryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobarycznościami	izobaryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobarycznością	izobaryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczności	izobaryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczności	izobaryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczności	izobaryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczności	izobaryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczności	izobaryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobarycznościom	izobaryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczność	izobaryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczność	izobaryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izobaryczna	izobaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izobaryczną	izobaryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izobaryczną	izobaryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izobarycznego	izobaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izobarycznego	izobaryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izobaryczne	izobaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobaryczne	izobaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobaryczne	izobaryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izobaryczne	izobaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izobarycznej	izobaryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izobarycznej	izobaryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izobarycznej	izobaryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izobarycznemu	izobaryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izobaryczni	izobaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izobaryczno	izobaryczny	adja		
izobarycznych	izobaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izobarycznych	izobaryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobarycznych	izobaryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobaryczny	izobaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izobaryczny	izobaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izobarycznymi	izobaryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobarycznym	izobaryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izobarycznym	izobaryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izobarycznym	izobaryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izobacie	izobata	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobatach	izobata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobata	izobata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobatami	izobata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobatą	izobata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobatę	izobata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobat	izobata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobato	izobata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobatom	izobata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobaty	izobata	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobaty	izobata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izobutanach	izobutan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanami	izobutan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanem	izobutan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanie	izobutan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanie	izobutan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutan	izobutan	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanom	izobutan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanowi	izobutan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanów	izobutan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutanu	izobutan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izobutany	izobutan	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochorach	izochora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochora	izochora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorami	izochora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorą	izochora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorę	izochora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochor	izochora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochoro	izochora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorom	izochora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochory	izochora	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochory	izochora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorze	izochora	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
izochorycznościach	izochoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochorycznościami	izochoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochorycznością	izochoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczności	izochoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczności	izochoryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczności	izochoryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczności	izochoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczności	izochoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochorycznościom	izochoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczność	izochoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczność	izochoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochoryczna	izochoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izochoryczną	izochoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izochoryczną	izochoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izochorycznego	izochoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izochorycznego	izochoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochoryczne	izochoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochoryczne	izochoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochoryczne	izochoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izochoryczne	izochoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izochorycznej	izochoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izochorycznej	izochoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izochorycznej	izochoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izochorycznemu	izochoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochoryczni	izochoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izochoryczno	izochoryczny	adja		
izochorycznych	izochoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izochorycznych	izochoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochorycznych	izochoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochoryczny	izochoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izochoryczny	izochoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izochorycznymi	izochoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochorycznym	izochoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochorycznym	izochoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochorycznym	izochoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochromatycznościach	izochromatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatycznościami	izochromatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatycznością	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczności	izochromatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczności	izochromatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczności	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczności	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczności	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatycznościom	izochromatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczność	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczność	izochromatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochromatyczna	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izochromatyczną	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izochromatyczną	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izochromatycznego	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izochromatycznego	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochromatyczne	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatyczne	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatyczne	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izochromatyczne	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izochromatycznej	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izochromatycznej	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izochromatycznej	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izochromatycznemu	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochromatyczni	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izochromatyczno	izochromatyczny	adja		
izochromatycznych	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izochromatycznych	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatycznych	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatyczny	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izochromatyczny	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izochromatycznymi	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatycznym	izochromatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochromatycznym	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochromatycznym	izochromatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochronach	izochrona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochrona	izochrona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronami	izochrona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroną	izochrona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronę	izochrona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronie	izochrona	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochron	izochrona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochrono	izochrona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronom	izochrona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochrony	izochrona	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochrony	izochrona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronicznościach	izochroniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronicznościami	izochroniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronicznością	izochroniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczności	izochroniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczności	izochroniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczności	izochroniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczności	izochroniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczności	izochroniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochronicznościom	izochroniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczność	izochroniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczność	izochroniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izochroniczna	izochroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izochroniczną	izochroniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izochroniczną	izochroniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izochronicznego	izochroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izochronicznego	izochroniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochroniczne	izochroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochroniczne	izochroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochroniczne	izochroniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izochroniczne	izochroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izochronicznej	izochroniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izochronicznej	izochroniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izochronicznej	izochroniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izochronicznemu	izochroniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochroniczni	izochroniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izochroniczno	izochroniczny	adja		
izochronicznych	izochroniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izochronicznych	izochroniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochronicznych	izochroniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochroniczny	izochroniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izochroniczny	izochroniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izochronicznymi	izochroniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochronicznym	izochroniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izochronicznym	izochroniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochronicznym	izochroniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izochronizmach	izochronizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmami	izochronizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmem	izochronizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmie	izochronizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmie	izochronizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizm	izochronizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmom	izochronizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmowi	izochronizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmów	izochronizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmu	izochronizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izochronizmy	izochronizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanek	izocyjanek	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjankach	izocyjanek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjankami	izocyjanek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjankiem	izocyjanek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanki	izocyjanek	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjankom	izocyjanek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjankowi	izocyjanek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanków	izocyjanek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanku	izocyjanek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanku	izocyjanek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izocyjanku	izocyjanek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamach	izodynama	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynama	izodynama	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamami	izodynama	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamą	izodynama	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamę	izodynama	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamie	izodynama	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynam	izodynama	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamo	izodynama	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamom	izodynama	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamy	izodynama	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izodynamy	izodynama	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofenach	izofen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenami	izofen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenem	izofen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenie	izofen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenie	izofen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofen	izofen	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenom	izofen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenowi	izofen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenów	izofen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofenu	izofen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofeny	izofen	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izofonach	izofona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofona	izofona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonami	izofona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoną	izofona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonę	izofona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonie	izofona	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofon	izofona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofono	izofona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonom	izofona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofony	izofona	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofony	izofona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonicznościach	izofoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonicznościami	izofoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonicznością	izofoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczności	izofoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczności	izofoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczności	izofoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczności	izofoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczności	izofoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofonicznościom	izofoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczność	izofoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczność	izofoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izofoniczna	izofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izofoniczną	izofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izofoniczną	izofoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izofonicznego	izofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izofonicznego	izofoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izofoniczne	izofoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofoniczne	izofoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofoniczne	izofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izofoniczne	izofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izofonicznej	izofoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izofonicznej	izofoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izofonicznej	izofoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izofonicznemu	izofoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izofoniczni	izofoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izofoniczno	izofoniczny	adja		
izofonicznych	izofoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izofonicznych	izofoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofonicznych	izofoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofoniczny	izofoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izofoniczny	izofoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izofonicznymi	izofoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofonicznym	izofoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izofonicznym	izofoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izofonicznym	izofoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izogamecie	izogameta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogametach	izogameta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogameta	izogameta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogametami	izogameta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogametą	izogameta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogametę	izogameta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamet	izogameta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogameto	izogameta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogametom	izogameta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamety	izogameta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamety	izogameta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamiach	izogamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamia	izogamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamiami	izogamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamią	izogamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamie	izogamia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamię	izogamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamii	izogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izogamii	izogamia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamii	izogamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamij	izogamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izogamio	izogamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogamiom	izogamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermach	izogeoterma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeoterma	izogeoterma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermami	izogeoterma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermą	izogeoterma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermę	izogeoterma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermie	izogeoterma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeoterm	izogeoterma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermo	izogeoterma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermom	izogeoterma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermy	izogeoterma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogeotermy	izogeoterma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosach	izoglosa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosa	izoglosa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosami	izoglosa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosą	izoglosa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosę	izoglosa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosie	izoglosa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglos	izoglosa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogloso	izoglosa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosom	izoglosa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosy	izoglosa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosy	izoglosa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowościach	izoglosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowościami	izoglosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowością	izoglosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowości	izoglosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowości	izoglosowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowości	izoglosowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowości	izoglosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowości	izoglosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowościom	izoglosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowość	izoglosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowość	izoglosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoglosowa	izoglosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izoglosową	izoglosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izoglosową	izoglosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izoglosowego	izoglosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izoglosowego	izoglosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoglosowe	izoglosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowe	izoglosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowe	izoglosowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izoglosowe	izoglosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izoglosowej	izoglosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izoglosowej	izoglosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izoglosowej	izoglosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izoglosowemu	izoglosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoglosowi	izoglosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izoglosowo	izoglosowy	adja		
izoglosowych	izoglosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izoglosowych	izoglosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowych	izoglosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowy	izoglosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izoglosowy	izoglosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izoglosowymi	izoglosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowym	izoglosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoglosowym	izoglosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoglosowym	izoglosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izogonach	izogona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogona	izogona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonami	izogona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogoną	izogona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonę	izogona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonie	izogona	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogon	izogona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogono	izogona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonom	izogona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogony	izogona	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogony	izogona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalnościach	izogonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalnościami	izogonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalnością	izogonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalności	izogonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalności	izogonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalności	izogonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalności	izogonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalności	izogonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalnościom	izogonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalność	izogonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalność	izogonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izogonalna	izogonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izogonalną	izogonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izogonalną	izogonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izogonalnego	izogonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izogonalnego	izogonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izogonalne	izogonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalne	izogonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalne	izogonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izogonalne	izogonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izogonalnej	izogonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izogonalnej	izogonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izogonalnej	izogonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izogonalnemu	izogonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izogonalni	izogonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izogonalno	izogonalny	adja		
izogonalnych	izogonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izogonalnych	izogonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalnych	izogonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalny	izogonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izogonalny	izogonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izogonalnymi	izogonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalnym	izogonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izogonalnym	izogonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izogonalnym	izogonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izohalinach	izohalina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalina	izohalina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalinami	izohalina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohaliną	izohalina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalinę	izohalina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalinie	izohalina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalin	izohalina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalino	izohalina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohalinom	izohalina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohaliny	izohalina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohaliny	izohalina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohelach	izohela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohela	izohela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohelami	izohela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohelą	izohela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohele	izohela	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohelę	izohela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoheli	izohela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izoheli	izohela	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoheli	izohela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohel	izohela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
izohelo	izohela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohelom	izohela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izohiecie	izohieta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohietach	izohieta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohieta	izohieta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohietami	izohieta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohietą	izohieta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohietę	izohieta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohiet	izohieta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohieto	izohieta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohietom	izohieta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohiety	izohieta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohiety	izohieta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsach	izohipsa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsa	izohipsa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsami	izohipsa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsą	izohipsa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsę	izohipsa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsie	izohipsa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohips	izohipsa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipso	izohipsa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsom	izohipsa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsy	izohipsa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izohipsy	izohipsa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izokefaliach	izokefalia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalia	izokefalia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliami	izokefalia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalią	izokefalia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalie	izokefalia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalię	izokefalia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalii	izokefalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izokefalii	izokefalia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalii	izokefalia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalij	izokefalia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izokefalio	izokefalia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliom	izokefalia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalicznościach	izokefaliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalicznościami	izokefaliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalicznością	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczności	izokefaliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczności	izokefaliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczności	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczności	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczności	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalicznościom	izokefaliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczność	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczność	izokefaliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokefaliczna	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izokefaliczną	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izokefaliczną	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izokefalicznego	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izokefalicznego	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izokefaliczne	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefaliczne	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefaliczne	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izokefaliczne	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izokefalicznej	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izokefalicznej	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izokefalicznej	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izokefalicznemu	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izokefaliczni	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izokefaliczno	izokefaliczny	adja		
izokefalicznych	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izokefalicznych	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefalicznych	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefaliczny	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izokefaliczny	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izokefalicznymi	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefalicznym	izokefaliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izokefalicznym	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izokefalicznym	izokefaliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izokefalizmach	izokefalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmami	izokefalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmem	izokefalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmie	izokefalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmie	izokefalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizm	izokefalizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmom	izokefalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmowi	izokefalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmów	izokefalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmu	izokefalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izokefalizmy	izokefalizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinach	izoklina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklina	izoklina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklinami	izoklina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izokliną	izoklina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklinę	izoklina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklinie	izoklina	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklin	izoklina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklino	izoklina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklinom	izoklina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izokliny	izoklina	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izokliny	izoklina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
izoklinalnościach	izoklinalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalnościami	izoklinalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalnością	izoklinalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalności	izoklinalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalności	izoklinalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalności	izoklinalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalności	izoklinalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalności	izoklinalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalnościom	izoklinalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalność	izoklinalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalność	izoklinalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoklinalna	izoklinalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izoklinalną	izoklinalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izoklinalną	izoklinalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izoklinalnego	izoklinalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izoklinalnego	izoklinalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoklinalne	izoklinalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalne	izoklinalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalne	izoklinalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izoklinalne	izoklinalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izoklinalnej	izoklinalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izoklinalnej	izoklinalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izoklinalnej	izoklinalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izoklinalnemu	izoklinalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoklinalni	izoklinalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izoklinalno	izoklinalny	adja		
izoklinalnych	izoklinalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izoklinalnych	izoklinalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalnych	izoklinalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalny	izoklinalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izoklinalny	izoklinalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izoklinalnymi	izoklinalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalnym	izoklinalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoklinalnym	izoklinalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoklinalnym	izoklinalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izokosmach	izokosma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosma	izokosma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmami	izokosma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmą	izokosma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmę	izokosma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmie	izokosma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosm	izokosma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmo	izokosma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmom	izokosma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmy	izokosma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izokosmy	izokosma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjach	izolacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacja	izolacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjami	izolacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacją	izolacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacje	izolacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolację	izolacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacji	izolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izolacji	izolacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacji	izolacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjo	izolacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjom	izolacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyj	izolacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izolacjonistach	izolacjonista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonista	izolacjonista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistami	izolacjonista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistą	izolacjonista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistę	izolacjonista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonisto	izolacjonista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistom	izolacjonista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistów	izolacjonista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonisty	izolacjonista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonisty	izolacjonista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjoniście	izolacjonista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjoniści	izolacjonista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistycznościach	izolacjonistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistycznościami	izolacjonistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistycznością	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczności	izolacjonistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczności	izolacjonistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczności	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczności	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczności	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistycznościom	izolacjonistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczność	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczność	izolacjonistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacjonistyczna	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izolacjonistyczną	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izolacjonistyczną	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izolacjonistycznego	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izolacjonistycznego	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacjonistyczne	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistyczne	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistyczne	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izolacjonistyczne	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izolacjonistycznej	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izolacjonistycznej	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izolacjonistycznej	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izolacjonistycznemu	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacjonistyczni	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izolacjonistyczno	izolacjonistyczny	adja		
izolacjonistycznych	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izolacjonistycznych	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistycznych	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistyczny	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izolacjonistyczny	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izolacjonistycznymi	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistycznym	izolacjonistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacjonistycznym	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacjonistycznym	izolacjonistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacjonizmach	izolacjonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmami	izolacjonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmem	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmie	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmie	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizm	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmom	izolacjonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmowi	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmów	izolacjonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmu	izolacjonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacjonizmy	izolacjonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	polit.
izolacyjnościach	izolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjnościami	izolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjnością	izolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjności	izolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjności	izolacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjności	izolacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjności	izolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjności	izolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjnościom	izolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjność	izolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjność	izolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolacyjna	izolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izolacyjną	izolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izolacyjną	izolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izolacyjnego	izolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izolacyjnego	izolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacyjne	izolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjne	izolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjne	izolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izolacyjne	izolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izolacyjnej	izolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izolacyjnej	izolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izolacyjnej	izolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izolacyjnemu	izolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacyjni	izolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izolacyjno	izolacyjny	adja		
izolacyjnych	izolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izolacyjnych	izolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjnych	izolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjny	izolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izolacyjny	izolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izolacyjnymi	izolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjnym	izolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izolacyjnym	izolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolacyjnym	izolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izolatce	izolatka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatek	izolatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatkach	izolatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatka	izolatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatkami	izolatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatką	izolatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatkę	izolatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatki	izolatka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatki	izolatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatko	izolatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatkom	izolatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorach	izolator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatora	izolator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorami	izolator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorem	izolator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolator	izolator	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorom	izolator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorowi	izolator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorów	izolator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatory	izolator	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorze	izolator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorze	izolator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izolatoriach	izolatorium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatoria	izolatorium	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatoriami	izolatorium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatoriom	izolatorium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatoriów	izolatorium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorium	izolatorium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorium	izolatorium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorium	izolatorium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorium	izolatorium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izolatorium	izolatorium	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksach	izoleksa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksa	izoleksa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksami	izoleksa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksą	izoleksa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksę	izoleksa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksie	izoleksa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleks	izoleksa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolekso	izoleksa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksom	izoleksa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksy	izoleksa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleksy	izoleksa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucynach	izoleucyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyna	izoleucyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucynami	izoleucyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyną	izoleucyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucynę	izoleucyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucynie	izoleucyna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyn	izoleucyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyno	izoleucyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucynom	izoleucyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyny	izoleucyna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoleucyny	izoleucyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoliniach	izolinia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinia	izolinia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoliniami	izolinia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinią	izolinia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinie	izolinia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinię	izolinia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinii	izolinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izolinii	izolinia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinii	izolinia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolinij	izolinia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izolinio	izolinia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoliniom	izolinia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izolować	izolować	inf:imperf.perf		
izolowaliby	izolować	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowalibyście	izolować	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowalibyśmy	izolować	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowali	izolować	praet:pl:m1:imperf.perf		
izolowali	izolować	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowaliście	izolować	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowaliśmy	izolować	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałaby	izolować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałabym	izolować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałabyś	izolować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowała	izolować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
izolowała	izolować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałam	izolować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałaś	izolować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowałby	izolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałbym	izolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałbyś	izolować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowałem	izolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałeś	izolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
izolował	izolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
izolował	izolować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałoby	izolować	cond:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałobym	izolować	cond:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałobyś	izolować	cond:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowało	izolować	praet:sg:n:imperf.perf		
izolowało	izolować	praet:sg:n:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałom	izolować	praet:sg:n:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowałoś	izolować	praet:sg:n:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowałyby	izolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałybyście	izolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowałybyśmy	izolować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowały	izolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf		
izolowały	izolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:ter:imperf.perf		
izolowałyście	izolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:sec:imperf.perf		
izolowałyśmy	izolować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n:pri:imperf.perf		
izolowana	izolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaną	izolować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanego	izolować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanego	izolować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowane	izolować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowane	izolować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanej	izolować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanemu	izolować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaniach	izolować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowania	izolować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowania	izolować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaniami	izolować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanie	izolować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaniem	izolować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowani	izolować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaniom	izolować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowaniu	izolować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowano	izolować	imps:imperf.perf		
izolowanych	izolować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanych	izolować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowany	izolować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowany	izolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanymi	izolować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanym	izolować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowanym	izolować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowań	izolować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:aff		
izolowawszy	izolować	pant:perf		
izolująca	izolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
izolującą	izolować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
izolującego	izolować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
izolującego	izolować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
izolujące	izolować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
izolujące	izolować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:aff		
izolującej	izolować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
izolującemu	izolować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
izolując	izolować	pcon:imperf		
izolująco	izolować	pacta		
izolujących	izolować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:aff		
izolujących	izolować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
izolujący	izolować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:aff		
izolujący	izolować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
izolujący	izolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
izolującymi	izolować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
izolującym	izolować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:aff		
izolującym	izolować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:aff		
izolują	izolować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
izolujcie	izolować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
izolujecie	izolować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
izoluje	izolować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
izolujemy	izolować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
izolujesz	izolować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
izoluję	izolować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
izoluj	izolować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
izolujmy	izolować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
izomerach	izomer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerami	izomer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerem	izomer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomer	izomer	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerom	izomer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerowi	izomer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerów	izomer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomeru	izomer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomery	izomer	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerze	izomer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerze	izomer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazach	izomeraza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeraza	izomeraza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazami	izomeraza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazą	izomeraza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazę	izomeraza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazie	izomeraza	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeraz	izomeraza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazo	izomeraza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazom	izomeraza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazy	izomeraza	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerazy	izomeraza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeriach	izomeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeria	izomeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeriami	izomeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerią	izomeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerie	izomeria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerię	izomeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerii	izomeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izomerii	izomeria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerii	izomeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerio	izomeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeriom	izomeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryj	izomeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izomerycznościach	izomeryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerycznościami	izomeryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerycznością	izomeryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczności	izomeryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczności	izomeryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczności	izomeryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczności	izomeryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczności	izomeryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomerycznościom	izomeryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczność	izomeryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczność	izomeryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryczna	izomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izomeryczną	izomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izomeryczną	izomeryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izomerycznego	izomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izomerycznego	izomeryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomeryczne	izomeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomeryczne	izomeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomeryczne	izomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izomeryczne	izomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izomerycznej	izomeryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izomerycznej	izomeryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izomerycznej	izomeryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izomerycznemu	izomeryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomeryczni	izomeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izomeryczno	izomeryczny	adja		
izomerycznych	izomeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izomerycznych	izomeryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomerycznych	izomeryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomeryczny	izomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izomeryczny	izomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izomerycznymi	izomeryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomerycznym	izomeryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomerycznym	izomeryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomerycznym	izomeryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomeryzacjach	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacja	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacjami	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacją	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacje	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzację	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacji	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izomeryzacji	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacji	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacjo	izomeryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacjom	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomeryzacyj	izomeryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izometriach	izometria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometria	izometria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometriami	izometria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrią	izometria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrie	izometria	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrię	izometria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrii	izometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izometrii	izometria	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrii	izometria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrio	izometria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometriom	izometria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryj	izometria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izometrycznościach	izometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrycznościami	izometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrycznością	izometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczności	izometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczności	izometryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczności	izometryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczności	izometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczności	izometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometrycznościom	izometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczność	izometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczność	izometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izometryczna	izometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izometryczną	izometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izometryczną	izometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izometrycznego	izometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izometrycznego	izometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izometryczne	izometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometryczne	izometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometryczne	izometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izometryczne	izometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izometrycznej	izometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izometrycznej	izometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izometrycznej	izometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izometrycznemu	izometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izometryczni	izometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izometryczno	izometryczny	adja		
izometrycznych	izometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izometrycznych	izometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometrycznych	izometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometryczny	izometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izometryczny	izometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izometrycznymi	izometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometrycznym	izometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izometrycznym	izometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izometrycznym	izometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomorfach	izomorfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfa	izomorfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfami	izomorfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfą	izomorfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfę	izomorfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfie	izomorfa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorf	izomorfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfo	izomorfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfom	izomorfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfy	izomorfa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfy	izomorfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficznościach	izomorficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficznościami	izomorficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficznością	izomorficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzności	izomorficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzności	izomorficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzności	izomorficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzności	izomorficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzności	izomorficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficznościom	izomorficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzność	izomorficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzność	izomorficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izomorficzna	izomorficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izomorficzną	izomorficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izomorficzną	izomorficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izomorficznego	izomorficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izomorficznego	izomorficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomorficzne	izomorficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficzne	izomorficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficzne	izomorficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izomorficzne	izomorficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izomorficznej	izomorficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izomorficznej	izomorficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izomorficznej	izomorficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izomorficznemu	izomorficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomorficzni	izomorficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izomorficzno	izomorficzny	adja		
izomorficznych	izomorficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izomorficznych	izomorficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficznych	izomorficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficzny	izomorficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izomorficzny	izomorficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izomorficznymi	izomorficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficznym	izomorficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izomorficznym	izomorficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomorficznym	izomorficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izomorfizmach	izomorfizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmami	izomorfizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmem	izomorfizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmie	izomorfizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmie	izomorfizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizm	izomorfizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmom	izomorfizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmowi	izomorfizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmów	izomorfizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmu	izomorfizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izomorfizmy	izomorfizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonefach	izonefa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefa	izonefa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefami	izonefa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefą	izonefa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefę	izonefa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefie	izonefa	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonef	izonefa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefo	izonefa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefom	izonefa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefy	izonefa	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonefy	izonefa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylach	izonitryl	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylami	izonitryl	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitryle	izonitryl	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylem	izonitryl	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitryli	izonitryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitryl	izonitryl	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylom	izonitryl	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylowi	izonitryl	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylów	izonitryl	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylu	izonitryl	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylu	izonitryl	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonitrylu	izonitryl	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izonomiach	izonomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomia	izonomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomiami	izonomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomią	izonomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomie	izonomia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomię	izonomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomii	izonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izonomii	izonomia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomii	izonomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomij	izonomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izonomio	izonomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izonomiom	izonomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanach	izooktan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanami	izooktan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanem	izooktan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanie	izooktan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanie	izooktan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktan	izooktan	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanom	izooktan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanowi	izooktan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanów	izooktan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktanu	izooktan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izooktany	izooktan	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotycznościach	izoosmotyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotycznościami	izoosmotyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotycznością	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczności	izoosmotyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczności	izoosmotyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczności	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczności	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczności	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotycznościom	izoosmotyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczność	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczność	izoosmotyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoosmotyczna	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izoosmotyczną	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izoosmotyczną	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izoosmotycznego	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izoosmotycznego	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoosmotyczne	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotyczne	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotyczne	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izoosmotyczne	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izoosmotycznej	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izoosmotycznej	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izoosmotycznej	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izoosmotycznemu	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoosmotyczni	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izoosmotyczno	izoosmotyczny	adja		
izoosmotycznych	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izoosmotycznych	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotycznych	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotyczny	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izoosmotyczny	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izoosmotycznymi	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotycznym	izoosmotyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izoosmotycznym	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoosmotycznym	izoosmotyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izoplecie	izopleta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopletach	izopleta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopleta	izopleta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopletami	izopleta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopletą	izopleta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopletę	izopleta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoplet	izopleta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopleto	izopleta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopletom	izopleta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoplety	izopleta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoplety	izopleta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopolach	izopola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopola	izopola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopolami	izopola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopolą	izopola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopole	izopola	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopolę	izopola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopoli	izopola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izopoli	izopola	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopoli	izopola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopol	izopola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
izopolo	izopola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izopolom	izopola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenach	izopren	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenami	izopren	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenem	izopren	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenie	izopren	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenie	izopren	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopren	izopren	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenom	izopren	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenowi	izopren	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenów	izopren	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoprenu	izopren	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopreny	izopren	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenach	izopropylobenzen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenami	izopropylobenzen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenem	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenie	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenie	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzen	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenom	izopropylobenzen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenowi	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenów	izopropylobenzen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzenu	izopropylobenzen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izopropylobenzeny	izopropylobenzen	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosejstach	izosejsta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejsta	izosejsta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejstami	izosejsta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejstą	izosejsta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejstę	izosejsta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejst	izosejsta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejsto	izosejsta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejstom	izosejsta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejsty	izosejsta	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejsty	izosejsta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosejście	izosejsta	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatycznościach	izostatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatycznościami	izostatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatycznością	izostatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczności	izostatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczności	izostatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczności	izostatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczności	izostatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczności	izostatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatycznościom	izostatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczność	izostatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczność	izostatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostatyczna	izostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izostatyczną	izostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izostatyczną	izostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izostatycznego	izostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izostatycznego	izostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izostatyczne	izostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatyczne	izostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatyczne	izostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izostatyczne	izostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izostatycznej	izostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izostatycznej	izostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izostatycznej	izostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izostatycznemu	izostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izostatyczni	izostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izostatyczno	izostatyczny	adja		
izostatycznych	izostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izostatycznych	izostatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatycznych	izostatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatyczny	izostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izostatyczny	izostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izostatycznymi	izostatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatycznym	izostatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izostatycznym	izostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izostatycznym	izostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izostazjach	izostazja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazja	izostazja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazjami	izostazja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazją	izostazja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazje	izostazja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazję	izostazja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazji	izostazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izostazji	izostazja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazji	izostazja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazjo	izostazja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazjom	izostazja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostazyj	izostazja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izostrukturalnościach	izostrukturalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalnościami	izostrukturalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalnością	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalności	izostrukturalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalności	izostrukturalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalności	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalności	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalności	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalnościom	izostrukturalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalność	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izostrukturalność	izostrukturalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabicznościach	izosylabiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabicznościami	izosylabiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabicznością	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczności	izosylabiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczności	izosylabiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczności	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczności	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczności	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabicznościom	izosylabiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczność	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczność	izosylabiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabiczna	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izosylabiczną	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izosylabiczną	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izosylabicznego	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izosylabicznego	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izosylabiczne	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabiczne	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabiczne	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izosylabiczne	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izosylabicznej	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izosylabicznej	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izosylabicznej	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izosylabicznemu	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izosylabiczni	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izosylabiczno	izosylabiczny	adja		
izosylabicznych	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izosylabicznych	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabicznych	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabiczny	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izosylabiczny	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izosylabicznymi	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabicznym	izosylabiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izosylabicznym	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izosylabicznym	izosylabiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izosylabizmach	izosylabizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmami	izosylabizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmem	izosylabizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmie	izosylabizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmie	izosylabizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizm	izosylabizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmom	izosylabizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmowi	izosylabizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmów	izosylabizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmu	izosylabizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izosylabizmy	izosylabizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotachach	izotacha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotacha	izotacha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachami	izotacha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachą	izotacha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachę	izotacha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotach	izotacha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotacho	izotacha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachom	izotacha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachy	izotacha	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotachy	izotacha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotasze	izotacha	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermach	izoterma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoterma	izoterma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermami	izoterma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermą	izoterma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermę	izoterma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermie	izoterma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izoterm	izoterma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermo	izoterma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermom	izoterma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermy	izoterma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermy	izoterma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermiach	izotermia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermia	izotermia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermiami	izotermia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermią	izotermia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermie	izotermia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermię	izotermia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermii	izotermia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|meteor.
izotermii	izotermia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermii	izotermia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermij	izotermia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|meteor.
izotermio	izotermia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermiom	izotermia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	meteor.
izotermicznie	izotermicznie	adv:pos		
izotermicznościach	izotermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermicznościami	izotermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermicznością	izotermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczności	izotermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczności	izotermiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczności	izotermiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczności	izotermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczności	izotermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermicznościom	izotermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczność	izotermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczność	izotermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotermiczna	izotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izotermiczną	izotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izotermiczną	izotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izotermicznego	izotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izotermicznego	izotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotermiczne	izotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermiczne	izotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermiczne	izotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izotermiczne	izotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izotermicznej	izotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izotermicznej	izotermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izotermicznej	izotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izotermicznemu	izotermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotermiczni	izotermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izotermiczno	izotermiczny	adja		
izotermicznych	izotermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izotermicznych	izotermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermicznych	izotermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermiczny	izotermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izotermiczny	izotermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izotermicznymi	izotermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermicznym	izotermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotermicznym	izotermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotermicznym	izotermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotonach	izoton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonami	izoton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonem	izoton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonie	izoton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonie	izoton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izoton	izoton	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonom	izoton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonowi	izoton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonów	izoton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonu	izoton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotony	izoton	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonicznościach	izotoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotonicznościami	izotoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotonicznością	izotoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczności	izotoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczności	izotoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczności	izotoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczności	izotoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczności	izotoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotonicznościom	izotoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczność	izotoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczność	izotoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniczna	izotoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izotoniczną	izotoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izotoniczną	izotoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izotonicznego	izotoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izotonicznego	izotoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotoniczne	izotoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotoniczne	izotoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotoniczne	izotoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izotoniczne	izotoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izotonicznej	izotoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izotonicznej	izotoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izotonicznej	izotoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izotonicznemu	izotoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotoniczni	izotoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izotoniczno	izotoniczny	adja		
izotonicznych	izotoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izotonicznych	izotoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotonicznych	izotoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotoniczny	izotoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izotoniczny	izotoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izotonicznymi	izotoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotonicznym	izotoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotonicznym	izotoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotonicznym	izotoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotonikach	izotonik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonika	izotonik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonikami	izotonik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonikiem	izotonik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniki	izotonik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonik	izotonik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonikom	izotonik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonikowi	izotonik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotoników	izotonik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniku	izotonik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotoniku	izotonik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmach	izotonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmami	izotonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmem	izotonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmie	izotonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmie	izotonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizm	izotonizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmom	izotonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmowi	izotonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmów	izotonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmu	izotonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotonizmy	izotonizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotopach	izotop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopami	izotop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopem	izotop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopie	izotop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopie	izotop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotop	izotop	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopom	izotop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopowi	izotop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopów	izotop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopu	izotop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopy	izotop	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.|fiz.
izotopiach	izotopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopia	izotopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopiami	izotopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopią	izotopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopie	izotopia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopię	izotopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopii	izotopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izotopii	izotopia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopii	izotopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopij	izotopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izotopio	izotopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopiom	izotopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowościach	izotopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowościami	izotopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowością	izotopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowości	izotopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowości	izotopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowości	izotopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowości	izotopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowości	izotopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowościom	izotopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowość	izotopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowość	izotopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotopowa	izotopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izotopową	izotopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izotopową	izotopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izotopowego	izotopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izotopowego	izotopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotopowe	izotopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowe	izotopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowe	izotopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izotopowe	izotopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izotopowej	izotopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izotopowej	izotopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izotopowej	izotopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izotopowemu	izotopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotopowi	izotopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izotopowo	izotopowy	adja		
izotopowych	izotopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izotopowych	izotopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowych	izotopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowy	izotopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izotopowy	izotopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izotopowymi	izotopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowym	izotopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotopowym	izotopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotopowym	izotopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotronach	izotron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronami	izotron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronem	izotron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronie	izotron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronie	izotron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotron	izotron	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronom	izotron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronowi	izotron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronów	izotron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotronu	izotron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotrony	izotron	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
izotropiach	izotropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropia	izotropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropiami	izotropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropią	izotropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropie	izotropia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropię	izotropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropii	izotropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izotropii	izotropia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropii	izotropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropij	izotropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izotropio	izotropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropiom	izotropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowościach	izotropowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowościami	izotropowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowością	izotropowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowości	izotropowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowości	izotropowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowości	izotropowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowości	izotropowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowości	izotropowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowościom	izotropowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowość	izotropowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowość	izotropowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotropowa	izotropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izotropową	izotropowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izotropową	izotropowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izotropowego	izotropowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izotropowego	izotropowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotropowe	izotropowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowe	izotropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowe	izotropowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izotropowe	izotropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izotropowej	izotropowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izotropowej	izotropowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izotropowej	izotropowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izotropowemu	izotropowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotropowi	izotropowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izotropowo	izotropowy	adja		
izotropowych	izotropowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izotropowych	izotropowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowych	izotropowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowy	izotropowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izotropowy	izotropowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izotropowymi	izotropowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowym	izotropowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izotropowym	izotropowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotropowym	izotropowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izotypiach	izotypia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypia	izotypia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypiami	izotypia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypią	izotypia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypie	izotypia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypię	izotypia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypii	izotypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izotypii	izotypia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypii	izotypia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypij	izotypia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
izotypio	izotypia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izotypiom	izotypia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraeliccy	izraelicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izraelicka	izraelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izraelicką	izraelicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izraelicką	izraelicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izraelickich	izraelicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izraelickich	izraelicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickich	izraelicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickiego	izraelicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izraelickiego	izraelicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelickie	izraelicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickie	izraelicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickie	izraelicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izraelickie	izraelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izraelickiej	izraelicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izraelickiej	izraelicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izraelickiej	izraelicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izraelickiemu	izraelicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelicki	izraelicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izraelicki	izraelicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izraelickimi	izraelicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickim	izraelicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelickim	izraelicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelickim	izraelicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelicko	izraelicki	adja		
izraelicku	izraelicki	adjp		
izraelicko	izraelicko	adv:pos		
izraelickościach	izraelickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickościami	izraelickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickością	izraelickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickości	izraelickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickości	izraelickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickości	izraelickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickości	izraelickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickości	izraelickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickościom	izraelickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickość	izraelickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelickość	izraelickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelicie	izraelita	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelici	izraelita	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitach	izraelita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelita	izraelita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitami	izraelita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitą	izraelita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitę	izraelita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelito	izraelita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitom	izraelita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitów	izraelita	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelity	izraelita	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
izraelity	izraelita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitce	izraelitka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitek	izraelitka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitkach	izraelitka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitka	izraelitka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitkami	izraelitka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitką	izraelitka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitkę	izraelitka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitki	izraelitka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitki	izraelitka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitko	izraelitka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelitkom	izraelitka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelscy	izraelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
izraelska	izraelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
izraelską	izraelski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
izraelską	izraelski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
izraelskich	izraelski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
izraelskich	izraelski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskich	izraelski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskiego	izraelski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
izraelskiego	izraelski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelskie	izraelski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskie	izraelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskie	izraelski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
izraelskie	izraelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
izraelskiej	izraelski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
izraelskiej	izraelski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
izraelskiej	izraelski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
izraelskiemu	izraelski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelski	izraelski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
izraelski	izraelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
izraelskimi	izraelski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskim	izraelski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
izraelskim	izraelski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelskim	izraelski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
izraelsko	izraelski	adja		
izraelsku	izraelski	adjp		
izraelsko	izraelsko	adv:pos		
izraelskościach	izraelskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskościami	izraelskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskością	izraelskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskości	izraelskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskości	izraelskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskości	izraelskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskości	izraelskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskości	izraelskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskościom	izraelskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskość	izraelskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izraelskość	izraelskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydiach	izydia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydia	izydia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydiami	izydia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydią	izydia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydie	izydia	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydię	izydia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydii	izydia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
izydii	izydia	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydii	izydia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydio	izydia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydiom	izydia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
izydyj	izydia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
iż	iż	comp		
iżby	iżby	comp		
iże	iże	comp		przest.
ich	on:o	ppron3:pl:acc:m1:ter:akc.nakc:npraep		
ich	on:o	ppron3:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:ter:akc.nakc:npraep		
im	on:o	ppron3:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:ter:akc.nakc:npraep		
